{"review": "they have the best chinese bbq pork ( char siu ) in town , and they called it char siu wong ( king of chinese bbq pork ) . hmm ... it 's pretty true ! i 've to pre-order this dish every single time , cuz it 's always sold out . other dishes are very good too , like roast pork , fried glutinous rice , steamed fish , etc . i ca n't stop myself for coming back when i 'm craving for siu mei", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we , party of 4 , were very sceptical coming in here for lunch . there are so many good chinese restaurants on highway 7 , what makes this one so special ? well ... this place has , in my opinion , the best roast pork and bbq pork on highway 7 . the skin is very crispy and there is n't a lot of fat . the beans around it just compliments the dish . the bbq pork is also very tasty and their awards on the wall is no lie . vegetables we order is very tender and the curry beef dish is delicious ! ! ! ! the servers here are polite , attentive and very helpful . in retrospect , we will definitely come back for more roast pork and bbq pork . next time will try their dinner service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what a jerk ! i do n't write terrible reviews but this one is a piece of work . i ordered takeout from them and they skipped the soup because i am not a regular . i asked my friend later and apparently they only give you soup when you ask them after you realize you got ripped off . they are gambling on the idea that you will forget . how cheap can they get ? they already charge me 9 bucks for just a small dish . never going there again . will not recommend to friends . terrible way to do business and very disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "roasted pork is one of my favorite things ... and we pay a premium for the meat around the ribs and the belly area because of the wonderful marbling ... beautiful layer after layer of alternating meat and fat . my wife bought some from john 's today ... paid a premium for this `` cut '' and when i opened up the box it was all meaty pieces without marbling ... very disappointed . the flavour was decent but not the cut we paid for . probably best to keep going to the bbq place at valleymede and hwy 7 ( north side ) in the plaza with mcdees .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you want a quick fix for a scrumptious char siu or chinese pork bbq , this is theeee place . hot and fresh , nicely charred and crunchy on the outside , and loaded with flavor . the soy-ed & sweet beans in which it bathes its tender juicy meat gives this dish the best taste everyone will keep talking about and crave for - i know because we do ! ; - ) they offer other great dishes too and its delicious ! 2 setbacks though : more pricey for the same items we can find elsewhere , and the serving size a disappointment . another unfashionable thing is the cash only . it has never been too busy in all the lunch hours we went there but their take-outs are quite busy . this is also a very family friendly restaurant so we gladly bring our little ones along .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the char siu is pretty tasty here , but was lacking the fattiness and moisture that i 've come to enjoy about good chinese bbq pork . the roast duck was excellent with crispy skin and lots of tender meat . the duck was definitely the star of the show in my experience . somewhere i 'd definitely return to for some good chinese bbq .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "expensive ... ? i 've never been to a place where the average dish for dinner is $ 8 . that 's right : 8 dollars . okay fine , the portions are smaller than usual , but still , 8 dollars ? ! the specialty , of course , is their bbq pork . unfortunately , two people in my household can not eat pork , so we had to skip on that . i did hear it 's great though , and will probably try some other time . what did not cost 8 dollars , and probably should have , was their shark fin rice mixed with some sort of soup , which cost $ 19 . there was certainly a lot of rice and soup , but the shark fin lacked extremely . although since the bill came out to $ 72 for a table of 5 with the rice ( so $ 53 without ) , i ca n't really complain ... except maybe the shoddy service we got .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i find myself here time and time again with the family . they 're well known for the bbq pork , which sells out quite fast ! best thing to do is to call ahead and order it first , then when you come in for your meal , you 'll know you got it . i love their soup of the day . they come in the same size bowl no matter how large your party is , so if you 're just 2 people , you 'll get plenty . on the flip side , if you come in with 6 people , do n't be afraid to ask for more . my favourite dishes are the bbq pork , the scrambled eggs with shrimp , and the minced pork pancake . these dishes make me chow down on rice like nothing else , and makes for good nommy times . i personally find nothing lacking in the service - i do n't expect a shining example of stellar service at the typical chinese restaurant , but perhaps the fact that my family is here every week helps ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're a true chinese food enthusiast , you 'll need to visit this restaurant . it 's not your typical $ 5 plate restaurants . plate averages $ 15+ , but the quality and variety they offer are excellent ( ie . bitter melon with dried scallop scrambled egg ... .nom ... ) . the service on the other hand will need much improvement . so usually i just come for take out to avoid the grumpy faces : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my family has been taking me to this restaurant once in a while over the last 15 years and we saw the growth from one tiny restaurant to expanding it by buying the adjacent store and joining them to expand the floor area . their lunch menu is $ 7.50 per dish . we had the stir-fried rice noodle with beef and it was delicious . this restaurant prides itself in serving quality dishes and it did n't disappoint me . the award-winning char-siu is cooked when ordered . while it will take time for the dish to be served , this guaranteed its freshness", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the incredibly rude woman behind the cashier whom i assume owns the restaurant ( since she does not wear a uniform ) left a bad taste in my mouth . her demeaning attitude spoiled the taste of their food afterwards for me and i ca n't help but think it 's because of my race due to the different way in which she treated other customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this restaurant is famous for their bbq dishes and they are actually very good . it also has a variety of other non-bbq dishes . compare to other places that sell bbq dishes , this restaurant is a bit pricey but their dishes are pretty good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went there yesterday at around 5 . me and a friend ordered two combos of chicken with bbq pork . while we waited for the meat to be cut up the owner lady yelled at us demanding we pay up ... ok there 's your $ 18.10 . me and the friend the decided we want to eat our food there instead of taking out so we proceeded to sit down . and the wham ! the unexpected happens . the owner `` invited '' us to leave saying we ca n't eat there because we ordered take out . wow the place was pretty dead at the time other than two employees staring at each other . what a shitass experience . and turns out their take out combo portion was the smallest i have ever seen . for 18 bucks we got 2 small pieces of chicken together not even bigger than a regular sized thigh from popeyes . and the two fried egg sized bbq pork were soo dry and tasteless . never going back again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great selection of authentic chinese dishes . the made-to-order goo lo yuk ( sweet and sour pork ) was well worth the wait . the honey deep fried oysters and bbq pork were excellent too . will visit again for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "johns chinese bbq ruined char siu pork for me.. forever . i can not eat it at dim sum , or a chinese food court , or anywhere for that matter , without thinking about john 's char siu . i discovered this place through nick liu of dailo . he took his team here for staff meal , and he claimed the char siu pork was the best in the gta . i took his word for it and made the hwy 7 trek out to richmond hill on a snowy day $ 8.50 gets you a decent portion of char siu bbq porn sliced on top of rice and topped with the light gravy . the pork is smoky , sweet , moist , cooked perfectly , and succulent . there is not much left to say either than come here and try the pork . minus one start for unfriendly service , as noted by other yelp reviewers . the lady at the cash knows she has the real deal char siu , and she dgaf about anybody .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a favourite lunch spot for my family for years and years . we usually get combo a or b ; which comes with a fried rice noodle ; a dish of old water tofu ( this is one of my favourite places for this dish ) ; roast duck congee and two kind of bbq meat combo . this usually comes out to about $ 30 total for 4 people - and there is more than enough food . dinner is ok too - although if you ca n't read chinese - you are pretty much limited to what is printed on their bi-lingual menu and you do miss out on quite a lot of their other dishes - and they have well over 30 different dishes to try - one of my favourites is their scrambled egg and shrimp dish - their eggs are just fluffy enough and done just right .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decent food for decent price . this is a standard chinese bbq restaurant . nothing great but nothing bad about the place . it 's a good standard if you 're in the area . i do notice that i 'm overly thirsty when eating their food so it tells me they do n't use as much msg as other places which is good in my books .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the bbq pork is very juicy and i only come here for that . the price is a tad bit on the higher end and portion is small . everything else is average ... servers are consist of two chubby sister whom i believe are also owners , a grandmother standing near the kitchen to pass on the food and two older men server . i personally do n't like the owners that much . they seem rude and greedy at times . they seem to favor big crowds which equals to more $ $ $ and ignore the smaller group .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "six dollars combo include free soup and one main course . wesley and brian 's dish look better than mine .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i come here with my gf and her family often and they never disappoint . the food is always served fresh and with typical chinese restaurants the service is sub par unless you are a regular customer . the decor itself is your usual chinese bbq house restaurant and is nothing to go crazy over , but it 's the food that keeps us coming back here . the dishes we usually order and are their top of the line choices include their steamed fresh fish , minced pork meat pie , bitter melon and meat , steamed chicken and assorted styles of cooked vegetables with shrimp paste . the food is served fresh and hot and always comes out quickly . the take out and bbq to order is also very delicious and you 'll have to get there early if you want the famous bbq pork or duck . make sure to call in advance if you want to book a table on a busy day or are looking for a special dish !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best tasting bbq pork in the region ! i started coming here 10 years ago after my colleagues recommended it . we still pick up pork here for my family even though i 've converted to a meat free diet 4 years ago . but my family members always say this place is still their top choice", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good quality chinese food . decor is nice for a chinese restaurant . the bbq pork is probably the best in the city . served hot , it 's very flavorful and moist . the other dishes do not disappoint either . the stirfries are all good with a good `` wok hay '' . food is always hot and fresh and service is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here to order a roast duck over rice to go because there is n't a whole lot of restaurants to choose from that is within walking distance from where i was staying . plus it was just for myself so no need to be all fancy with a sit-down meal . it costed me over $ 9 ! i was taken aback considering it was not only overpriced , but it does not come with a side of veggies nor complimentary soup like i am used to at pretty much every other chinese bbq places i 've been to . it does come with a ton of rice that can feed a village and the roast duck itself was pretty good . either way , i would n't come back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great beer , great place , excellent service from the women ... ..but especially the bearded guy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , i do n't really go out to breweries that often . i 'm not crazy into the craft beers and all the cool things the kids are into . but . i love primal ! we 've been wanting to stop by and see what it 's like and i 'm so glad we did . the inside looks so much like a home , and you just want to stay there all night and drink . there 's cute couches inside with board games around the room . the bar area is cute but also spacious . of course , there 's corn hole outside , along with plenty of picnic bench seating . it 's dog friendly . the beers are fantastic . the service is good . there 's a popcorn machine inside and they have small snacks if you get the munchies . there 's really not too much else to say about primal brewery . i 'm into it . we have a new thing going , and i like it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. purcell is good and thorough . their office staff is extremely questionable . they do not return calls . they do not listen to voice mails . they tell you they will `` find out '' but wo n't call you back . their office hours are very limiting so it is difficult to re-contact them again . do not leave a voice mail or send them a fax because they wo n't `` receive it '' or they will tell you they `` are having problems with their fax machine and voice mail '' . worst customer service ever ! i would switch my family member to another specialist but am stuck because of the insurance issue , and they probably know that , or they just do n't care about their patients and are only working for their paychecks . we are happy with the physician , but the unprofessional staff is exasperating . how difficult is it to return a phone call ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dr.lacognata did my knee replacement surgery and did a wonderful job . i would recommend him to anyone . he did so good you could barely see my scar . he has the best bedside manner of any doctor i have ever met . i love dr. lacognata .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. lacognata is great . he is a great listener and very down to earth for a doctor , in my experience . i appreciated his conservative approach vs. going right to surgery . when he does surgery , the recovery time is excellent . i know a lot of orthopedic surgeons , because i work in physical therapy , and i would recommend him to my friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm hardly ever in vegas , and when i am here it 's # rage before # forage ( hah , hah ) , so i must admit that i 've only tried a handful of vegas ' steakhouses . however , what i can tell you is that delmonico 's bone in ribeye ( $ 55 ) is absolutely divine . one of the best ribeyes i 've ever had , la and vegas combined .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my girlfriends and i decided to treat ourselves to a nice dinner while in vegas . located in the venetian , the restaurant itself is gorgeous in its simplicity . we were seated promptly , our drinks came in a heart beat , and the staff was very efficient and friendly . however , i recently had the best steak of my life in havasu and i find that every steak i 've had since then has been found wanting ... my medium rare ribeye did n't have as much marbling as i like . it was n't as succulent . it was n't as tender . it was n't seasoned enough . it did n't compare . perhaps my expectations of emeril 's restaurant were too high . but of the two appetizers , two sides , two cocktails , and steak that i had that night , the potatoes gratin was my favorite dish , which is unfortunate because steak should always be the best part of the meal", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed the medium-rare rib eye as it was seasoned and cooked to perfection , but what i enjoyed even more were the pork chops ! bone in tender chops cooked barely pink covered in a delicious , light sauce . i 'm getting moist just thinking about it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place ? comfortable yet elegant . the service ? spot on . the food ? really good , but ... something was lacking . i had been wanting to try one of emeril lagasse 's restaurants for awhile and was really excited to dine at delmonico , but the food did n't blow me away like i had expected it to . their gumbo was good , but lacked a bit of salt . their pork chops were good , but could have been a little more tender . my friend noted that the texture of the steak was a bit off . their desserts were good , but the chocolate cake was kind of dry . everything was `` good '' , but nothing was great . wait ... i take that back - their dinner rolls were delicious ! although i really enjoyed my delmonico experience overall , i do n't think i 'll be returning anytime soon . ( i have yet to find a steakhouse that i like better than mastro 's ! )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "omg if you want a really big , soft , juicy steak seasoned and cooked perfectly you have got to come here ! my gf and i both got what they are known for which is their bone in rib eye . just a heads up though , only get this is you are starving because this piece of meat is huge ! i swear it must 've been a 12oz ! i almost forgot to mention that we also had the lobster bisque and this was also delicious ! words can not describe how good the food is here , even the service is awesome ! if you are starving and craving for some really good food you have to try this place ! the only downfall is their chairs do n't have wheels on them so you ca n't be rolled out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "juicy ribeye and tuna salmon tartare the service was very good here . i really loved the ribeye , tuna salmon tartare , and their complimentary bread . the price is decent for an upscale dining restaurant . i tried other dishes my friends got and they were n't as good . my friends did n't really enjoy their filet mignon . i tried the pork chop and i thought the sauce was very salty . the bacon appetizer was good but tasted a bit salty as well . the creamed corn was very good but i did n't really like the bread crumbs on top of it . the creamed spinach was just ok . the potato side dish was just ok too . if you have an occasion you are celebrating they give you a sorbet . they also gave us a small mousse type dish for being there for the first time so that was nice . the decor is simple and had a nice ambiance . it 's a nice place to try in venetian regardless .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this has to be one of my favorite restaurants in vegas . been there many times and each time it is fantastic . the food is really excellent . some of the best steaks you will ever have . there has been nothing ive had here that has been short of excellent . its traditional , with a hint of cajon for some little extra spice and flavor . some of the best service of anywhere in vegas . i always love when the food is served to the entire table at one . if i am in the mood for steak , i would pick delmonico . emril knows what he is doing with this one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place wo n't blow up the sky with `` it 's the best ever '' fireworks but it is more than just a sparkler during the fourth of july . the must order dish ... lobster bisque ... .probably the best i have ever had . consider this the m80 of the meal exploding with flavor and a generous mound of lobster . the crab was good but nothing to oooh and aaaah over . the steak was good too but i was n't jumping up and down with excitement . as for the side dishes ... the gratin potatoes and the mushrooms were by far the best . our table tried almost all of them and those two would be the ones i would dive into . the other guests felt everything was a little over seasoned . i did n't get that but i am also borderline billy goat with my love of the salt . what gives this place 4 stars is the service . the staff was awesome . light the fuse of your tastebuds at this tasty steakhouse if you are craving an old school steak dinner with amazing service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had one of the best meals i have ever had in my life at this resturant ! we started with the barbecued shrimp which was amazing . then i had the lobster bisque soup . this soup was fantastic ! i love lobster bisque and this was by far the best bisque i have ever had ! for the main course i had the filet minion crusted in wild mushroom bacon and topped with parmesean . oh my god ! it just melted in my mouth . the service was amazing , the food was fantastic . a bit pricey but worth every single penny . i will definately go back next time i 'm in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a 5 star time at delmonico 's the ambiance , service & food always makes we leave with a smile . there have been times , where i try other steak houses when in vegas , but i always leave saying . `` not as good as delmonico 's '' ... my order is usually the same each time ; start with the truffle chips , then lobster bisque ( mmmmmmmm ) , sides cream of spinach and cream of corn ... then the bone in rib eye - medium ... . i 'm smiling just thinking about it ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another one of emeril 's top notch restaurants , this one being a steak connoisseur 's paradise . we booked the night before and got in before the traditional 7-7:30 dinner rush . service- top notch . mind you , everything is a la carte.i cant help but feel underdressed even though we were dressed well for the venue . they have an insane wine list that goes on and on . i had the bone-in ribeye which was done to perfection - medium rare . we also had the creamed spinach and wild mushrooms . so good we finished everything leaving little to no room for dessert . definitely should try the dessert since they all looked exceptional , especially emeril 's claim to fame banana cream pie !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing . from the service to the food . we had reservations for 6 pm . and were seated almost as soon as we walked in . everyone was friendly and our waiter was very knowledgeable with the menu . the bread and that butter with honey is amazing . i ordered steak , potatoes and broccoli and my bf ordered the ribs . we both really enjoyed our food . even the salad was amazing . we will definitely we back when we r in town . bookmarked for the future ( : i highly recommend this restaurant", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! the staff was professional , attentive , and friendly . the popovers were very light and delicious . we ordered the wedge salad and lobster bisque as our appetizers . both were delicious and we were really impressed with the bisque . we ordered the bone in rib eye and lobster stuffed with crab . there was nothing impressive about these two dishes . my husband liked to lobster but said the crab mixture had too much mayo ( ? ) . my ribeye cut was too fatty and did n't need the butter . i felt like i was eating a rib eye from paula dean 's kitchen . for , dessert , we ordered the macadamia nut bread pudding . uh , meh , nothing spectacular . the italian espresso was very good . i 'm giving this place four stars because the service was really good and i believe the dishes we choose were n't bad , they just did n't please our taste buds . i would like to give this place another try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great steakhouse in las vegas . we started off with a caesar salad made table side . i had the rib eye and my husband had the filet mignon . both were ordered medium and they both came out perfectly medium and mouthwateringly good ! the sides were ok and the desserts were fantastic ! this is a great place to go for a birthday , anniversary or some special occasion . although if you just have a hankering for a good steak on a tuesday night , this place is good any time ! definitely make a reservation though because this place is packed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in last night with a party of 5 . unfortunately the service was really off . having dined here a few times with solid results , i was underwhelmed by this meal . took about 20 minutes to get the drinks out , was served appetizers with no silverware , soup was barely warm 1st time , 2nd try hot with a skin , mains sat for 15 min on a tray waiting to be served . spoke with the manager and he end up taking one of the mains off the bill . way to much competition in steakhouses at this price point to risk a repeat of this experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely outstanding food . top notch . the best . i had the bone in ny strip and it 's the best steak i 've had in recent memory . i ordered a little side of horseradish on the side and the two went very well together . the steak fries were great also . the staff was great and took very good care of us . it 's a tad bit loud and the ambiance is n't great . but if you want a good steak , you 'd be hard pressed to find a better one than delmonico 's serves .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the steak melts in your mouth . this restaurant is superb . the food is wonderful . the service is fantastic . you should make a reservation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply put ; the finest steakhouse in the country . the food is always mind-blowing and the service is exceptional . bring your wallet cause you pay for the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delmonico has become our default steakhouse in las vegas . we 've never had less than exemplary service and amazing food here , for either lunch or dinner . the staff is on-point , with notes made as to our personal preferences as to table location , etc . the waitstaff is friendly , knowledgeable , efficient and reliable . the food is superb . quality ingredients prepared in quality ways . i definitely recommend the steak tartare as an appetizer . the only `` heads-up '' i 'd give new patrons is that the sides are rather large . ordering three or four sides with dinner is contra-indicated unless you are with a large group or dining with teenagers . excellent bar and bartenders as well . ask for the whisky menu and just revel in the selection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best meals of my life . my friends and i were celebrating in vegas , and looking for a place to do it up . a $ 50 bottle of french wine later and the meal we had was filling , hedonistic , awesome , whatever superlative i could give . the appetizers were great ; i had gumbo , and split barbeque shrimp and butternut squash ravioli with duck confit on top . portions for apps were not teeny , which was impressive , because honestly i expected it to be . then comes the main course . all four of us split the chateaubriand , which was tender , carved tableside , and delicious . the crust of the steak was delicious as well . almost as impressive were the side dishes ; truffle parmesan potato chips and creamed corn ( yes , who thought creamed corn could emerge from the cafeteria lunch as a delicious side dish ) . yes , it 's expensive ; it 's vegas . but i was very impressed with the quality . will gladly go back when i have more $ .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never try to get my expectations up too high when it comes to high end steak houses , since i have been let down so many times before . the only thing that was really excellent here was the service by far ! the entire wait staff ( which is only men ) was wonderful ! the food was good ... nothing to rant and rave about ! i had the chateaubriand , and yes , it was good ... but the table side presentation was the only great thing about it , the steak itself was nothing i would go back for . i strongly feel that the streak was just as good as the steak at carve in the cannery , and for half the price ! overall , it was a nice experience , another thing to cross off my list , but honestly , no need for me to ever go back !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "started out with a rude front desk manager who was too busy to pay attention that we were there . finally the girl who was working the desk came over to take care of us . service at the table was overkill . too many different people trying to take care of us . prices were high but that is expected so no big deal . steaks were overcooked . that is poor for a steak house like this one . sent them back . manager did not even have the decensy to visit the table to attend to the problem . first time there and with all the other great places to eat it will be the last . do n't waste your time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is one of chef emeril lagasse 's brilliant work . great upscale yet modern american steak house serving prime american beef along with piedmontese and wagyu steaks , kurobuta pork , lobster and seafood tower , and foie gras . great environment , amazing food , superb service and to go with excellent collection of wine . my wife and i are regular here and we always invite our friends and business contacts to dinner we never had a bad meal or service . just try to make a reservation because they get fully booked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what is up with the service here ? i had to ask for a different bread a few times because no one ever brought it . the bread they serve here is the most atrocious bread ever . it is similar to a croissant shaped like a muffin . it looks like it would be delicious , but it is so greasy and is worse than day old croissants from your cheap grocery store . the only saving grace of this night was the ribeye steak , which was really fantastic , as was the sea bass . the special prime bone in was pretty terrible - we asked for medium and got well done . do n't even get me started on the salad with the greasiest non-olive oil dressing ... yuck ! they were also kind of confused when i asked for vinegar to eat the salad..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great steak house . the spinach salad with bacon and a fried egg is to die for . i always get the fillet and french fries . the fries are not in the menu but are amazing . all in all one of my favorite steak houses in vegas . a must try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3.5 i had high hopes for delmonico , as many had said some great things . being an emeril restaurant i figured it was just another celebrity chef restaurant , so i had my reservations . the place was well decorated and had a great vibe . the food was up to par and certain items had great taste , such as the lobster bisque . i was hoping for more with the wilted spinach salad , but it was still ok . the complimentary amuse bouche was a nice touch , tasted like a truffle cream of mushroom . now the steak , everyone says to go with the bone-in ribeye , so that 's what i got . tasty , but needed a bit more flavor . not as buttery and smooth as other high end steakhouses . service could use some attention for a restaurant of this caliber . forgot our truffle potato chips and service went downhill with the way they took our plates and such . not sure i 'd go back with all the other many celebrity chef restaurants to try , but it 's definitely one of the better ones .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was excellent ! we were on the hunt for a great steakhouse and we definitely found it here . the food and drinks were excellent and there were many options to choose from . one thing i find in many upscale steakhouses is a somewhat limited menu with only a handful of entrees and appetizers to choose from . delmoico 's has an expansive menu and everything was delicious . the atmosphere and food made for a great night out ... definitely try if you are looking for a nice night out ( for steak ) in vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a very nice birthday dinner here and really , really enjoyed it . the atmosphere is simple and classic , it occurred to me that they were striving to feature the food with such simple ambiance , and they succeeded . the service was fantastic , we had a team of servers for our party of 6 and we did not wait for a single thing throughout dinner . they did manage to find that balance between being attentive and hovering , it was perfect . hubby and i had the table side prepared cesar salad and it was excellent . for dinner i had the rare filet and i really enjoyed it , and the table shared the grits ( my personal favorite of the entire dinner ) , spinach and mushrooms . for desert we had the peppermint profiteroles , which were so so ( i 'm not a big peppermint fan though ) . i really enjoyed dinner and highly recommend it for a nice dinner in vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best choice for steaks in las vegas . the staff are expert servers . i have gone here for both intimate dinners and group dining , and all experiences have been beyond our expectations . start with the truffled parmesan chips , then the tomato salad , the mushrooms , the filet ( black and blue of course ) , one of the potato specials , and stay for dessert ( they sell cigars in the bar ) and a glass of scotch to finish off the meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the bbq salmon and it was wow perfect , yummmmm ... the service was excellent also , side of their garlic mashed potatoes were fantastic also , definitely be going back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply delicious . i had the pork chop and my coworkers dived into the steak . everything was so tasty , cooked to perfection . definitely one of the better steakhouses i 've dined in . will definitely be back for more", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not go unless you love salt ! i took my husband to delmonico for his birthday last night and we were both very disappointed with the food . his filet looked so dry and shriveled , i was surprised they served it . there was no `` essence '' only a lot of salt . he chocked it down because he did n't want to disappoint me . i had the chicken breast with fingerling potatoes and onion sauce . someone must have shaked a cup of salt over everything . i could n't tell what i was eating and after a few bites said i wanted to save room for dessert . in all fairness , the service was excellent and the decor classy and not over done . the only thing we enjoyed was the chocolate cake with pistachio ice cream . we live here and have had some very good meals at a few restaurants on the strip , but would never go to another emril restaurant . he should be embarrassed and ashamed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we love delmonico and eat here every time in vegas . however , our meal was disappointing . the highlight of the meal was our appetizer & desert . we started with the truffle chips , which was a good portion . we both then ordered steaks , ny strip and bone in ribeye and shared the twice baked potato . my steak was over cooked , as i requested medium rare and it was over cooked . we finished our meal with the pecan pie for desert . we will be probably be back , just hope for better next time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we had the worst service there . the bread never came until we asked and when we got it , it was cold . the only way the bread can be cold on a very busy night was the left over from other tables . the food was good except the thanksgiving turkey meal was bad ! tasteless , not good at all ! ! the whole time the server barely came over to check on us and we had to flag him down after so many times of him passing but not looking at us . will not recommend and never go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had the seared halibut with peas . it was very good and not dry .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really good service and food . i loved the mozzarella bruschetta we had , it had amazingly good flavor ( garlic , shallots , tomatoes ) drizzled lightly with either a balsamic reduction or really well aged balsamic vinegar , and on a toast point that was n't hard and crusty . their soup special was pumpkin soup , creamy and seasoned nicely . my husband i both got salads , i got the spinach salad with bacon and he got the fresh baby greens . both were good . too bad we came to a steakhouse and only ordered vegetarian dishes , we were just overwhelmed by all the heavy food we 've been eating since we arrived in vegas . next time , we 'll try their seafood or meat dishes . we finished off our meal with dessert , the fruit cobbler topped with caramel ice cream was yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic food , great service . much more expensive than what we usually spend on dinner , but so yummy and worth it ! we both had steak for dinner , with sides of salad in the sherry ving. , garlic smashed potatoes , and the pecan pie . i wish we had room to finish the pecan pie , but could only get through half .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "before i went to this place , i checked some reviews which were mostly positive . first , staff was very courteous and decor was simple and inviting . one thing i noticed was there were way too many employees waking and standing around and it was very distracting at times . as for the food , other than the bone in ribeye steak which was decent considering the portion and the price , everything else was a real disappointment . i got better lobster bisque at lobster me next door for $ 4 , i mean a lot better . their soup was awful . i really wanted to like this place considering it was our wedding anniversary but it was a real letdown .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "outside of the steak i ordered being slightly raw by the bone , which the manager notice and resolved . this place was perfection . i normally do not give any place 5 stars but after being here two nights in a row with constant experiences , i am confident in my review . only complaint . the ceiling in the main dining room has arched contours , which causes you to be able to hear clear as day the conversation of a table 20 feet away when sitting in the right position . which apparently i was . i could even hear the sidebar whispers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was over here for dinner the other night . it took a while to get seated on a busy saturday night , so we hung out at the lounge for a bit . once we were seated though , the service was pretty good , as well as the setting . it was too loud as far as ambiance goes , but it was n't too invasive . we grabbed the stuffed pork trotter , which by itself could be an entree as opposed to the appetizer . after we were `` stuffed '' with the pork trotter , we proceeded on to the main course . i grabbed the boneless rib-eye , which was very intimidating . i also shared some sides of spinach and mashed potatoes . all of the main entree items were excellent , though i was too full to finish the rib-eye . this place is probably one of the better steakhouses i 've been to in a long while , despite the prices , which i was fine with paying . bring an empty stomach , but a full wallet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were sat at 9:15 . dinner arrived at 10:45 ... those of us not drinking wine were not offered anything other than water . once dinner arrived a couple of the steaks were placed in front of the wrong patrons . instead of just correcting the issues , the server manager restated what i ordered ( the bone in ny strip ) . the steak in front of me was very clearly a filet . our wine glasses were not cleared until our dinner plates were ... the steaks were decent . not amazing , but adequate ... restroom was dirty , toilet seat damaged , no hand towels . a relatively pitiful attempt at a fine dining experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow ! incredible all around ! they had such great , great food . the service was exceptional everyone must get served at the same time , and when you get a salad ( we got caesar ) they make it table side . i ca n't think of one thing to complain about . i had a perfect experience here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything i had was great - lobster bisque and filet . although all the dishes could probably be a little less buttery heavy , i would recommend and return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dinner was just awesome ! we started with the wilted spinach frisee with the poached egg and carmelized bacon ... so good . i had the halibut -- perfectly cooked & flaky my friend had the bone-in ribeye , cooked perfectly we finished it off with the chocolate layer cake with coconut ice cream ... omg . i 'm not a coffee drinker but the my friends also had the jamaican french press which they loved . michael jackson was our server -- very attentive and added to the beautiful experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the bone in rib eye was delicous and the cream of spinach and the grits and bacon sides were flavorful . this is a huge slab of meat and i had a hard time finishing all 18 ounces of it . the only reason why i did n't give this place a 5 was because of house expensive it is . i 'm all about quality at an affordable price and i would only go again to this place for like a 10 year anniversary .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i ate at delmonico the night of july 4th . i had the bone-in ribeye and my wife had the filet . my wife 's filet was tasty and what one would expect from a restaurant of this caliber . unfortunately , my ribeye was tough and full of fat . i would say about half of it was edible . with al of the choices to enjoy a quality steak in vegas , ignore the hype and go somewhere else .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after our poor dining experience at valentino , we decided to try emeril 's restaurant , the delmonico . what a night and day difference . while we 'd had to put up with snobby staff at valentino , the wait staff at delmonico was informed , helpful , friendly , and a lot of fun to interact with . and the food ! ! ! oh my word , our ribeye steak was so fabulous we could n't wait to try it again and went back the very next day for more of the same .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "`` everything taste good except for the steak and foie gas~ seriously , not even outback quality . lobster bisque and pecan pie saved the day.. do n't come if u want decent steak . like gordon 's steakhouse , this place is overrated~~~ '' i am giving 3 starts just because of the amazing lobster bisque and the surprisingly good pecan pie . also , the service is too good to deserve a two star . me and my friend paid 80d person to eat here and we did n't get the expected experience . i know we all expected vegas to be overpriced but i would rather pay for some other restaurant that would worth it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this restaurant was top notch . the food was tremendous and so was the service . the atmosphere was sophisticated and simple at the same time . i highly recommend this restaurant for a formal dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so when you go to a restaurant like this please expect a bit of a drawn out dinner , i think it was two and a half hours for our large party . many said it was the best food they had in their life , and it was really wonderful . i will say that the appetizers had far more imagination than the main course which was a bit deflating . we went after a long day at a convection and most of us were tired and slightly delirious so the service being a tad slow made the dinner feel very much like the cook , the thief , his wife and her lover . they do the thing where they set all the plates at once and the glasses never went empty and the wine list is to die for , they had a 15000 dessert wine that dated before the titanic . one star is really for the main course not living up the expectations set previously .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this probably tops my list of favorite restaurants . i 've been coming here since it first opened and it never disappoints . the service here is impeccable , the steaks are amazingly delicious and the restaurant itself is very classy and decorated nicely . i recommend the bone-in rib eye and filet mignon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good food ! you have to try the banana cream pie . it is awesome ! i had the bone in rib eye and it was delicious even though it was pretty fatty . the price is very high so come prepared to spend some $ $ $ .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not worth the money . it was not that great , food was just plain . i had rib steak and new york . it was n't cooked the way a wanted . i had to send it back . they recooked the same piece . and it came up dry with a big slab of unmelted butter on top to cover up . almost made me sick . not worth the money not even close", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the past few visits to the venetian hotel i 've made it a point to eat at demonico 's . the service is impeccable , waiters remove plates the second you are finished and they are very approachable . the most recent trip i had the braised pork appetizer w cranberry , creole mustard and basil which was delicious . the entree consisted of the charbroiled bone-in filet mignon with roasted root vegetables , fingerling potatoes and jumbo onion rings . very fun . thanks to hector , my server , everything arrived on time and well prepared .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here on vacation after a four hour drive from los angeles . we did n't change out of our road trip clothes but there was no judgement . the servers were always around and very friendly . the bread was amazing , never had one exactly like it before . we started with the truffle chips which were amazing ! the chips are n't 100 % evenly cooked flavored but they were totally worth taking the leftovers to our hotel room . they did n't get all soggy the next day . for my meal we had the lobster sliders . when i took a bite it was something i did n't except at all but it was still delicious . lots of lobster meat as well . the bread is warm but the meat is cool and it blends well together instead of clashing . we were too full after that but would love to come back and try some more items .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really do n't get why so many people think this place is that great . if you remove the emeril-factor , it seems like a place in the midwest where guys go w thier buddies after a day on the course . servers really know how to push the signature dishes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "steak was awesome but very pricey ..service not so good thet need to work on that..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simply perfection . it is an experience well worth the price . impeccable service , amazing wine list , phenomenal melt in your mouth filet mignon and strip steaks , mouth watering , delectable side dishes . in a city full of fantastic and amazing gastro experiences , this gem is in my top ten list rotation . go , go go , be pampered and leave so satisfied !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our experience at delmonico 's was good but just a tad bit disappointing so i ca n't give them 5 stars . it 's not that service was bad , in fact , it was better than most other restaurants but it was not up to the standards that i 've come to expect from emeril 's server teams . the food was wonderful , as always , and we 'll definitely be back for another visit . the banana cream pie alone is worth a visit - it 's ruined us for eating it anywhere else , ever !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "d is for delmonico 's ! i love steak ! i love rib eye steak the most so i order it everywhere . this ranks as the 3rd best rib eye flavor wise i 've had behind fleming 's and joe 's stone crab imo . i had the mushrooms for sides which were good but not fantastic ! the banana cream pie was exceptional . very thick and rich ! when you visit , dress like a high roller ! = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is what every restaurant aspires to be ... .perfect everything is perfect each and every-time . i have been going for what ? ten years maybe ? their steaks are always cooked to what exactly you ask for . i love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a treat ! i expect a lot from a top end steak house and was skeptical that emeril 's name and reputation might be trumped up , but several friends said we had to try his delmonico steak house . they were right . we ordered the bone-in ribeye and the short ribs . both were easily the best examples of meat perfection we 'd ever had - seasoned delicately and aged just right for an incredible buttery , nutty flavor that almost makes me think of buttered popcorn or butter toasted pecans . that delicate flavor was well paired with a bold garlic and cheese potato dish that we shared and a very nice bottle of cain concept from napa valley . the staff were very helpful and accommodating - we asked for their names to request them again - we had a `` team '' including tom baker and braden guy , both gave expert advice and were supremely attentive without smothering us . to top off the meal we had the pecan pie tart topped with caramel and ice cream . yum . will return on next lv visit for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was very good here . very-overpriced and the ambience left a little to be desired . we were seated and served promptly and professionally at this restaurant . however , there was a screaming child immediately next to us . this child was so loud the other diners gasped in disbelief . the maitre 'd did not offer any apologies other than to say `` we are serving them quickly so they will leave '' . he did not seem overly concerned with our satisfaction . the food was good but not worth the expense . there are many other restaurants in las vegas . this one was not worth it . we 're not going back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have to say that my steak which was the ribeye on bone was tasty.my friends steak being the kobe steak , was dry . not what i expected for a kobe steak . but considering that mines was good , i give it 4 stars . kobe steak 3 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "two words , food and service . the service is top notch . the food came timely , and everyone made sure my dining experience was exceptional . the food , excellent without a doubt . i had the fillet and it was very good . without a doubt i will definitely eat here again whenever in las vegas . i would recommend this restaurant to anyone . i finished with the banana cream pie , it was a very large piece of pie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful dining room with exposed , double entry wine cellar with wine bins from floor to ceiling . had a business lunch here and enjoyed every bite . the truffle chips ( home cut potato chips tossed in truffle oil , garlic , parmesan , and green onions ) are rediculously addictive ! great banquet space , able to privately seat groups of 12ish up to what looked like over 40 . definitely would recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the meal started with ryan greeting us and taking great care of every detail . from the lobster bisque and wedge salad with blue cheese crumbles to the best bone-in rib-eye in years to a great and perfectly tart key lime pie , i could not be happier . great meal and service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "10 27 2016-i had my birthday dinner here and it was worth the splurge . i have to say something about the d\u00e9cor - it was too plain and sterile and i expected a little more character from this establishment . i would have added some wood paneling or some framed mirrors . but the food was worth it . we ordered the new orleans bbq shrimp , butternut squash ravioli , traditional new orleans gumbo , and of course the 16 oz rib eye steak . our side dishes included the country smashed potato , delmonico creamed spinach , buttered fresh asparagus , and sauteed garlic mushrooms . all the dishes we ordered were delicious . our steak was medium rare and it was sooo good . the meat was tender with the right amount of fatty goodness . my favorite sides were the asparagus ( cooked just right , not over or under cooked ) and the mushrooms . the creamed spinach was a little too salty for me . they added a nice touch to my birthday by serving complimentary appetizer and dessert ( mango sorbet )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "brought my lovely girlfriend for her birthday . food was good but the service and friendliness of the staff is what 's amazing . bone in prime rib is definitely worth all the praise it gets in yelp . be warned , portions here is big ! we could n't finish anything and ended up having take to go . i predict an awesome breakfast tomorrow .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a steak house sports bar . i had the rib eye . it was grilled exactly how i ordered it ... .med rare . lots of tv 's to enjoy any sports event . overall a very nice place , ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went for restaurant week lunch . decent cocktails . great service . good tomato burrata salad . banana pudding was okay . salmon was on point . burger was perfect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely fantastic service , fantastic food , and wonderful atmosphere ! we will be back , without a doubt !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh man . this place never gets old . i hit up vegas about a dozen times a year and this is a must dine place . the succulent bone-in ribeye is amazing . the sides are a la carte and big enough to share . i suggest having the chef 's specials at least once . they are always changing and are so delicious . it is a bit pricy but that 's vegas . you pay for quality ! so make a reservation . you can use open table on line or through the app . if you go for a special occasion , let them know . they will always go out of their way to do something special .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tries to be sophisticated , but it is average at best . maybe if you are used to burger king this joint is awesome , but it is just an average steakhouse . btw : the men 's wc door lock does n't lock , so everyone that wants to go to the crapper will see you in the throne ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we had drinks in the bar followed by dinner . the drinks were fine but the bar atmosphere is stark . the chairs are not comfortable and it just is n't very inviting . our meal was excellent ! we had bone-in ny and bone-in ribeye . the truffle potato chips are a must . our wait staff was very good too..professional and helpful . again , not impressed with the atmosphere . it has a big dining hall feel . emeril often makes gluten free modifications but there are n't any here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down best steak ( ribeye ) i 've ever ever had . nice seasoning and aged steak . try garlic sauteed wild mushrooms and potato gratin . yummy . wish i was eating it right now.. drool ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had dinner here about a year ago . great service , good ambience . i ordered the colorado rack of lamb , it was delicious . also a bonus ; sizable , clean restrooms .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome steaks ! i have never seen a piece of prime rib so big ! nothing jumped out at me as exceptional but over all it was very tasty . waiter was very knowedgable about the wine list which was a plus !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it wasnt the best ive had but it was good . i like my steak medium but it was alittle on the burnt side . i didnt want to complain since it was still good and edible . the service was great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we spent our 24th wedding anniversery in vegas and had to make a return to delmonico since we had not been there sice 2008 . it was great then and just as great this time . the service and the food were over the top.worth every penny spent . oh and the drinks were great as well . get the bread pudding ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our party of six dined at delmonico for my 50th birthday celebration . in short , the service was outstanding ! our head waiter was michael and the manager on the floor was vincent . we also had at least two others who served us . all were very professional and patient . our party was not the eaisiest to serve that night , but what happens in vegas ... ! obviously food tastes are very subjective . my bone in ribeye and twice baked potato were great . i did not care too much for the chicken and waffle dish my wife had ... neither did she . the shrimp appetizer was a 10 , as was the crab dish . the desserts ... creme brulee , banana creme pie and chocolate cake were very good also . overall , a very nice experience . we will return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had an amazing dinner here the other night with a friend . in often too-busy vegas , it 's nice to find a nice , quiet , comfortable , spacious restaurant like this one , tucked in the restaurant row of the venetian . the food was very good -- i 'd recommend the heirloom tomato salad and the lobster bisque . the filet was great as was the bone-in ribeye . the wine list is amazing with a very nice collection of french wine , top burgundies in particular . and if you 're in the mood to drop $ 500- $ 750 on a bottle , you can actually great a very good value on wine that would cost much more elsewhere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "+ food was great ! 5 stars . ( ordered bone-in ribeye , tomato soup , fingerling potatoes , twice baked potato , & broccoli ) all delicious ! - service was 4 stars ... at an upscale restaurant like this , i was expecting the server 's to be friendly and attentive but they were just `` okay '' .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this review is only for the front lounge area as we were in for drinks and appetizers . drinks were fine , service was totally average ... not great but not bad either . we ordered an assortment of appetizers to share . butternut squash ravioli , truffle chips ( weird to order potato chips at a nice restaurant , but we did not based on waitress recommendation ) and shrimp were wonderful , the pork not so much ... .it was very mushy and gamy tasting for some reason . i do n't consider myself a food snob , but i took one bite and did not eat any more . we booked this place based on yelp reviews and now i can see why they are mixed . i would for sure give this place another shot if we were in las vegas and in the venetian palazzo area . that said , i would not go out of my way to dine here again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bone in ribeye was incredible . even offered a special `` book '' of scotch selections .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for an upscale steakhouse its great , i 've had ruth 's chris , morton 's , etc and its hard to say which is best . the steak , bone-in ribeye , was beautifully cooked , seasoned well , and tasted magnificent . but that is n't why this spot is so memorable ! the unique flavors of the rest of the meal is the reason why i would go back . for appetizer i had the bbq shrimp which was deep , smoky , rich , had a little kick , and was out of this world , definitely something you finish and contemplate ordering another . lobster bisque was phenomenal , nice big chunks of meat , smooth explosive flavor . the sides were on point too but nothing extraordinary . they also had this crisp local beer form louisiana called abita amber which was awesome . overall i left only complaining about how stuffed i was .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great ribeye steak . cooked perfectly . was a little disappointed in the `` sides '' . overall good experience but would probably choose bouchon 1st .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very big portions and the service is amazing ! the mashed potatoes and mushrooms were so good ! it 's expensive so make sure you only take the person that you really really really ( did i mention really ) love lol !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really love that it 's classy yet not pretentious . you go in to this beautifully open dining area , but you do n't feel over underdressed . servers were waiting around to cater to your needs , but not in that anxiety-inducing i 'm watching over you way . this was our vday pick and frankly i was glad they did n't have a fixed menu . being at a steakhouse i felt obligated to get the steak ! i was also very appreciative of the fact that i did n't have to eat mine drenched in butter . my ribeye had a very nice crust of charred creole seasoning , with a lovely red center . those smashed potatoes could not have been any creamier ! i love when they serve the potatoes in that little pot . honey got the lamb and it was deliciously tender , it practically melted in my mouth . nothing out of the ordinary or spectacular , but a solid choice for date nite or a nice dinner out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for my 21st birthday with my family . was almost the best steak i had in my life . we also had some good wine . came back here for a 2nd time recently with my sister before we headed off to a concert , and it was n't as good this time . not sure what it was . portions are large , and prices still relatively expensive , but it just did n't sweep me off my feet like the first time . but it still gets 4 stars . folded napkins each time you leave your seat . all good . and my sis will prob remember me eating the leftovers in the hotel room after the convert . ahahaha .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dinner was fabulous . the bone in ribeye was perfectly done , the filet was blue as requested , not an easily done prep-and spit on . the grits , as well as the creamed spinach very tasty . the banana cream pie a perfectly yummy dessert for two . well worth the price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for a steak place in vegas .. 5 stars , and this is simply why . steak , $ 52 bone in ribeye , one of the best 20 oz steaks i 've ever had service , waiters were always very helpful drinks and apps , good flavor and well and fair portions . all in all , i expected to be hungry after and go to like a smaller and quicker place after just to make sure i was full , but i was so satisfied i was sleepy . also , i went in at 8:30 for my meal and for a table of 4 i think we left like close to 11 . it was n't that the service was slow , the atmosphere and ambiance was just right to forget time and enjoy your meal and the people your with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good , and worth the price ! all food was very good and service outstanding . perfect location if going to shows in venetian or palazzo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was by far the worst meal i have ever had . not steak , meal ! i went with a group of 4 , only 1 steak was cooked correctly and it was super fatty . i had a filet ordered medium to medium well black , it showed up well done with no char whatsoever . my friend ordered hers blue and it showed up rare . my husband 's was fine but like i said super fatty . the other friends was over cooked as well along with the snottiest looking disgusting foie gras i have ever seen . bottom line_ you go to vegas to have a great meal and it sucked . all of it sucked . go somewhere else for $ 100pp .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service was great and the food was delicious ! ! make sure you go in hungry , the portions are huge ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a fancy steakhouse in vegas . sure it was great , the food was good the service was superb and the wine selection was almost too much to deal with , but its expensive . hey its a fancy steakhouse in vegas . so it lives up to its name . if you are looking for a great night out for steak this is as good a selection as any . just be prepared to pay about $ 100- $ 150 person if you are going to be on wine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had dinner with the guys so we reserved the chef table in back with wine pairing and a tour of the restaurant . it was definitely the best dinner experience i had in las vegas . one of the dishes was a quail which i normally am not fond of but they did such a good job i devoured it . the wine pairing was excellent and they were generous with their pours . i even took a full glass back to my room at the end of the night . excellent service and food ! my new favorite place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in a nutshell : -best service i 've ever received in a restaurant . they treat you like you are the owner , totally personal and attentive without ever being intrusive . the wait team is on the ball with every facet of service -food was fantastic of course . got the bone-in filet ( 10oz ) which was cooked perfectly , the missus got the filet medallions , which was a bit misleading as these were small steaks , not `` medallions '' ! ! lot of food . the side dishes are quite large , suitable for 3 or 4 , so a party of 2 will have more than enough ordering just 1 side dish . -the room is very nice . uber minimal , nothing on the walls , just nicely sculptured archways and ceilings . very nice environment for a phenomenal meal . the prices are high , esp considering side dishes are all a la carte , but nothing astronomical . figure around $ 100 person for a starter , entree , non-alcoholic drink , dessert , tax and 20 % tip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although very expensive ( my chicken was 36 , husbands steak 50 ) , you get what you pay for . great food and service . left full and pleased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here often . still one of my favorite steakhouses in vegas . the restaurant ascetic is less dolled up than cut or carnevino , however i enjoy the simplicity of the place . think underground wine tunnel , that 's the decor you should expect . love the apple cured bone in bacon and bone in rib eye . last visit , service was a little sub-par . in a town that tries to pinch you for every nickel bringing in our own wine , a 2001 peju ( $ 200+ bottle ) from our personal cellar may have hurt his pocket . living here in vegas probably raised my standard of service , especially when you take home six figures as a professional server . yup . it is a career here vs a job for most places in the world . without corkage ( $ 35 ) , the bill was still $ 300+ for 2 people . we enjoy our food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the most amazing dinner here with my wife the other night . very fancy restaurant , but gives off a warm ambiance . we were looking for a great meal to spend $ 150-200 on , and we hit it out of the park with this place located in the venetian shoppes . quick rundown : food was absolutely amazing . my wife had the bbq salmon and she is still talking about it days later . i had the rib-eye and i have to say that it was on par with any other steak i have had , including my fav maestro 's . service was what you would expect from an establishment like this , impeccable . constant checking in and recommendations that were absolutely perfect ! was impressed when i asked for a wine recommendation with my steak i was not told the most expensive bottle they had , rather the one that went best with the meal . overall if you are in vegas and looking for a classy and elegant dinner that will cost you , give this place a try . i do n't believe you will be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "five star service the bone in rub eye was a good size and so favor full and tender that i ate the whole thing , the strawberry shortcake was unbelievable . unlike anything i had before , my wife loved her scallop and macadanina bread pudding . in fact . it was the olmy bread pudding i liked", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really wanted to love delmonicos . i made reservations weeks ahead of time and booked our room at venetian because of delmonicos . the food was good . it just was n't amazing . i could have made everything we ordered at home . it just was n't special . the service was really awkward . we were seated at a table by the area they prep the plates before bringing them to the table . that was annoying . even more obnoxious was how the servers would lean against the wall 2 feet from our table and stare . lastly our desert menu was plopped down on the table and then the server walked away . womp womp ! ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "perfectly prepared red meat drowned in yummy sauce washed down with amazing wine . poppy could n't ask for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is outstanding . the service is amazing . the truffle chips are to die for . their caesar salad is incomparable . steak and shrimp is great as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great meal , would be excellent but i had to send my steak back for a little more cooking ( i said medium to well and it was more on the medium side - i am a bit picky with that ) . the service was perfect , however . did n't have to wait long for anything , and i really like that the whole table is served at the same time , it 's a nice subtle touch . very attentive and friendly service . i enjoyed the experience and was not disappointed even going in with a high expectation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here the past weekend and i needed a haircut stat ! this location is right down the street from me so it was a quick 10min drive . i had called beforehand to see if there was a wait , and there was n't any , awesome ! it 's located in the fry 's shopping plaza , it 's easy to get to and there 's plenty of parking . and when you 're done you can grab a bite to eat at the eateries that surround the plaza ! upon entering it 's a small great clips , but it felt more personal than a larger salon , the hairdressers are attentive and so nice ! my hairdresser gave me a super cute short bob like i wanted , and she was just so awesome ! i paid $ 13 for my haircut , another place i had gotten it cut i paid $ 30 ( for a short bob too ! ) . but i will most definitely be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i checked my son in accidently under my name . we come here all the time and never had an issue . i told the lady who was n't cutting his hair that he should be in the system and was told that there are no notes under his name . i 'm wondering well of course cause you just added him to your system . the lady who cut my hair was amazing and very respectful however the other short fat one was not . its super annoying and i hope that we will never get her again because my family loves this location", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty decent great clips location . usually not too busy from anytime i 've ever seen it and i have always been helped fairly quick . so far i have n't had a bad cut here like some other places around . the actualy cut is usually pretty fast too and within walking distance from home . great deals if you follow their stuff on email or text . will return for sure !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was in need of a haircut bc the ends of my hair were just horrible lol . i had erica and she was just the best ! she made conversation the whole time and made me feel comfortable ! she cut my hair just as i asked ! what i appreciated is that she made sure that my hair was even lol . she was very helpful in suggesting hair products i could use to keep my hair healthy as well ! i will definitely be coming back ! super happy with the results and service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "haircut was good and stylist nice but the manager was unpleasant from the time i stepped in until i left . never experienced anything like that at other locations and made for a disappointing visit", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't ever believe the check in time . you 'll always have a 20 min wait after you arrive . also , the ladies here call you , `` sweety '' and `` hun '' . so if you want to feel like a child , or like your at your old nanas house come here . the proper way to address a gentleman is sir .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you want a man 's or boy 's cut , see cameron . he knows his stuff . he cuts my hair all the time and i always get complimented on it . i of course know the exact style i 'm looking for and am also very specific in the process . you have to let your stylist know what you want ! it is key .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this place one more time . the manager was nice and refunded our money last time . so we decided to try them again , today . never again . will we return here . do n't care if they offered free haircuts for a year . they do a terrible job on the haircuts ( consistently uneven . ) and have even worse customer service . they completely skipped my sons haircut and took the guy after him . when this was pointed out to the stylist she says `` well , he 's already sitting in my chair . '' seriously ? my husband even had to explain to the `` stylist '' how to even out his sideburns . which she still butchered horribly . you guys are a joke . i 'll just watch a few youtube videos and start doing their hair myself . i 'm sure i 'll do 100 times better of a job .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "whenever kiddo needs a new pair of shoes , we pop into this famous footwear location to buy a pair . he likes this location because of it 's close proximity to asu and he says `` dad , the scenery is better at this mall '' ... ..he 's 15 and full of hormones . the place is clean and offers a nice selection of shoes . that 's why we come here ... for the shoes , right ? http : www.yelp.com biz_photos famous-footwear-tempe-2 ? select=wht5fagi7r86wkw7-vx2lq # wht5fagi7r86wkw7-vx2lq http : www.yelp.com biz_photos famous-footwear-tempe-2 ? select=e3kkbu1h7z9pmee8nqqxfg # e3kkbu1h7z9pmee8nqqxfg http : www.yelp.com biz_photos famous-footwear-tempe-2 ? select=jgxxmrjkybxdh2-6mllqlq # jgxxmrjkybxdh2-6mllqlq return factor - 100 % ( at least until kiddo graduations from hs )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "store is clean . nice selection . i get really annoyed when i walk into a store and a gentleman asks if i need help and i said oh i am just looking and thank you . then the guy comes over and says well what do you need help with , i said i already have found what i am looking for and do n't need help , but thank you . third time the guy comes over and i said i do n't need help again and to please leave me alone . this was all within 5 minutes . i got i needed to check out , brenda then asks for my last name , she said well for the rewards . i said oh i do n't need this thank you . then i slide my card , she asks to see my card , why does this person need to see my card for a $ 4.00 transaction and not check my id to compare to the credit card transaction ... not sure . these people are pushy and do n't know what they are doing . please avoid !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good price and super fluffy slippers ! i stopped into this famous footwear location because my slippers at home fell apart and i wanted some new fluffy soft goodness to keep my feet happy when i run around on the cold tile . at first i was worried because i could n't find any men 's slippers , so i asked for some assistance and the guy who help me . me in the correct direction where the men 's slippers were a little bit tricky in their location as they were next to the kids shoes and women 's . i ended up finding a wonderful pair of $ 40 fluffy leather with super full for lined interior . they are great and keep my feet super toasty now and have nice traction on the bottom too . all in all i am as happy as i could be with my new slippers and would recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought 2 months ago a pair of super comfortable sketchers for work . i kept forgetting to write this review and i totally forgot the name of the ladies who helped me . i bought the wrong size in the store , went back and they ordered the size i needed and said they will mail it to my home . they did and a lot sooner than expected . i really liked the customer service and they have 5 start from me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love shoes but most importantly i love great customer service ! the employees are awesome ! ! the manager , gina , is wonderful ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "manager alex is really a good manager . he honored a price mix-up for me , when really he did n't have to . i was in a hurry and not in the best mood , but he looked past it and made everything exceptional . i will definitely go to this location again . i hope this comment is reviewed by upper management . alex is qualified to run this store !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really , really , really wish the mesa riverview store was still open but this store is just as good . i mean , its a chain store where they are all pretty much the same , right ? the people that work here are nice and helpful . my only complaint is that it is in tempe marketplace and the parking sucks . especially since this is right next to the uber-busy target .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were very pleased with our service we had great service from alex today .going to come back for sure", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't know if they were having a bad day but the customer service was terrible . i even called corporate and the rep apologized which was good and she said she 'd have the district manager call me asap and i still have n't heard back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unfortunately , i 've been to this place three times . fortunately , ted and his crew did a great job each time . i initially chose this place because they are a preferred state farm collision body shop but ended up loving their work . ted will give you a quick estimate , arrange a rental , and handle all insurance issues . your car comes back clean and looking brand new . they will work with your schedule . highly recommended ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the people at this shop are amazing ! they got my car done so quickly it was like it was never gone . my rental car for the duration of the repairs was taken care of and ready for me when i arrived ! so stress free ! they even stayed late to accommodate my work schedule and offered easy late drop off with a key box . the texting of updates made it so easy to do business with them ! best auto shop in pittsburgh ! i 've worked with many other shops and this one is the most honest , fair , and helpful of them all ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mr. ted eazor and his crew are the very best in pittsburgh . they handle everything , the insurance , car rental , cleaning your car , just everything . they are great , i have been here a number of times and they always made my car look brand new . i once tore the whole side of my car out backing into a fire hydrant . mr. eazor did a fabulous job . their work is impeccable . i would recommend them to everyone . eazor 's auto salon is fantastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was a new person in the city , and i had an accident . i did not know who to call , and found this place a little too far for my comfort . it had great reviews so i used it anyway and had my car towed this location . i have had such a pleasant experience . my car was fixed within a week , they were flexible with pick up times and even sent me emails with photo updates on how my car is doing ! ! i highly recommend ted and his employees . they treat you like family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ted eazor is one of the most honest people i have met in this business . he bends over backwards to accomodate our 1-car family ! ted stands behind his work and will make sure you are happy with what they 've done . i drive an extra 20 minutes to take my car to him , but it is so worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eazor 's auto salon did just a great job on my car . they repaired a bunch of dings and scratches , had it done when they promised , stuck to the estimate and gave it back to me in excellent condition . in particular , the car has a type of paint that can be difficult to `` blend in '' and they were able to make the car look like new again . very impressed with their work and i would definitely use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to other howl at the moons , and when i went to this one , it just was n't what i expected . it was n't a dueling piano bar ? i had a great time nevertheless ! but if that 's what you 're looking for , keep that in mind . it was more like live music . the other thing that i thought was strange was their food situation . they have an appetizer buffet from 6-8 , and that 's it . you ca n't order anything off of a menu . personally , i 'm not a fan of buffets , especially when there are a bunch of drunk people around them ... so my group ended up leaving to have something to eat . if you know what to expect , and arrive after you eat , you should have a great time !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went for a happy hour party that a friend `` won '' . some $ 1 drink tickets and a happy hour buffet . the place was packed and loud but i was pleased to see that it was a very diverse crowd . the drinks were good with a nice selection of beers and huge specialty drinks . it 's pricey but no more so than any bar in that area . the buffet was nothing special bbq pork sliders , potato salad , cheese tray , salad and chips . you can get outside food delivered if you want . it was fun ! so much fun . the dueling piano was awesome . they take request . the tip is wrap your request in a buck if you want it played . i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this spot is pretty to new the pittsburgh scene , although it is a franchise and there are others in major cities across the u.s . they have great happy hours with a free buffet . the place is very clean and hip . they have buckets of drinks to share that are very fruity . i noticed many bachelorette parties when i was here and it seemed as though they were having fun . the drinks are average price for a nice spot downtown . it gets extremely busy on saturday nights . i try to stay away from it then . it is perfect on a friday night . i have noticed they play many of the same songs every weekend , although i do not mind . they have a full band and switch spots . guitars , drums , and other small instruments . overall always a good experience . the singers all have something different to offer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place , hilarious fun ... awesome performances . make sure you hang out later so you can see shawna hit the stage and tear it up . drinks are a little expensive , especially because it 's a place you want to keep drinking and watching the show , but other than that it 's a great addition to the downtown nightlife scene .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was okay . that about sums howl at the moon up . my friend won a `` happy hour '' here , however , for something that is meant to get people in the door , and woo them to want to come back , it left me wanting . for one , the happy hour consisted of two drink tickets , but you still had to pay $ 1 for drinks . considering that the only drinks that you could purchase with the tickets were miller light , coors light or angry orchard , that kind of left a sour taste in my mouth . even outside of the `` free '' drinks their on tap list was pretty limited . i 'm fine paying for nicer stuff , but charging for what amounts to beer pong beer at a promotional event seems out of place . the piano play was okay . again , nothing that blew me away ; it was mostly just loud . i did like that the pianist singer took request , and to their credit performed a nicky minaj song on the fly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cool place . drinks are not too expensive ... but then again im from nj ny so im used to getting robbed ! staff was attentive and cool . drinks were always replenished in a timely manner . there was n't a drink that i did n't enjoy . we sat right at the bar away from the draft of the door ... good fun . there was a live band , three different people playing all good ! very talented . place got busy really quick but didnt feel crammed . there is a bathroom attendant remember to tip them . also the crowd was just super nice ! we had random people come up to us and start up conversations ... first time in pittsburgh but i am in love with every aspect so far", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good music but very weak drinks . suggest you get a good buzz before going so you can actually howl at the moon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great atmosphere . the place is full if energy and great adult cocktails . the staff was friendly and ready to pour your drinks . the band keep the music lively and entertaining .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hey , this place is fun ! really needed to hear some live music and get a drink in pittsburgh while in town for a convention ... this was the place ! good libations , friendly staff , fun band . even though i felt like i was old enough to be everyone 's dad in the place i still had a good time . ( i 've decided there 's no graceful way for a middle aged guy to drink alone in a bar ) also..i 've always thought the whole idea of bathroom attendants was kinda weird..but this guy was cool , and clearly enjoys his job of helping to make your peeing experience a pleasant one : ) toss him a buck or two , he appreciates it ! great experience ... will be back , and older , in about a year !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a fun place to be ! yummy drinks , live music and happy people all around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here for a bachelorette party on a friday night . i pre-purchased a table for $ 80 that included two drink tickets per guest , a shot for the bachelorette , and $ 40 toward your bar tab . we got tables close to the stage . our server and the stage security guard absolutely made our experience ! they were so kind and accommodating and the security guard entertained us all night ! he sang , participated , kept the creepers away , voluntarily took pictures for our group . the music was great ! we had an absolute blast . i will say the drinks left a lot to be desired -- syrupy , sugary grossness . but they did n't mess up my dirty grey goose martini , so i was a happy gal . also it is important to note that we were a mixed age group -- our party ranged from 22-50 . absolute great time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fun times . great atmosphere and some talented musicians . everyone seems to have a great time here . only suggestion is there is one pianist that has a very high voice and is n't the best singer ( the balding guy ) . some songs he does well in , but most of the songs he sings , it makes me want to leave just because it hurts my ears . i recommend for sure ! very different than anything else in pittsburg .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to howl at the moon pittsburgh many times since it opened , and i had a great time every time . i used to be on their frequent flyer list , which meant that i could book their happy hours ( which normally you have to win ) at will . i now live in central pennsylvania , but it is well worth the travel costs to travel to pittsburgh just to patronize this establishment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rum runner was delicious . the place was a little dead , but i suspect it 's because it 's a new location . the band was great and the girls ' vocal skills were amazing . my friend was celebrating her birthday and enjoyed a drink bucket .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for a fun place to hear shitty versions of smash mouth and or hootie and the blowfish then look no further than howl at the moon ! they 'll play all your favorites from the likes of creed fuel and the goo goo dolls ! trust me save your $ 5 at the door and take it to charlie murdochs or sing sing cause this place sucks ass !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "howl at the moon is fun ! the lively atmosphere and the dueling pianos roaring at the crowd all night is great . it 's fun to either just sit and watch or dance with the crowd.. there is a cover charge to get in . they make fun specialty drinks in cups or buckets that you can even take home with you . the service is very prompt and fast and i 've never really had to wait for a drink .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm used to the howl at the moon in philadelphia . the music is loud , the sound is balanced , and the musicians have energy in there act . came to howl at the moon in pittsburgh with that expectation and was let down . some of the musicians are great ( specially the guy with the shaved head ... give him a raise please ) . the big downer had nothing to do with the musicians ... it was with the sound . the low end did n't exist . either the sound guy was off or ( s ) he does n't have ears . sound was incredible unbalanced . sounded like the drummer was in the bar next door and they were trying to play along . i played in a touring act for several year so maybe i have a construed opinion . again , i 'm comparing to philly . night and day difference . i hope the next visit is an improvement ... hope to update this review with something more upbeat in the near future", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had been to howl at the moon in charlotte and was so excited to learn that they were opening in pittsburgh ! friends won a happy hour here several weeks ago , and we just had to attend . i had a great time . the entertainers are fantastic and very talented . the drinks were good , and one of the bartenders even created a drink for me ( that i loved ) based on what we told her that i liked . however , i was disappointed that more people were n't hanging out here on a thursday night . i hope that they quickly get the word out and build up their clientele !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "like others on yelp , i attended a happy hour that was `` won '' by a friend . that means a free ( limited ) buffet and dollar drinks ( for specific drinks ) . the live music was fun , and it was a pretty good deal ... and everything was okay . something 's a little off ... not sure if i can put my finger on it . but this is a good place to go with your friends , not sure if i would go back on my own .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the performers are decent here . some get really into it but others do n't bring that much energy which can be draining . this piano bar has one of the larger dance floors i 've seen and encourage people to dance on stage as well . expect lots of bachelorettes to be there . it 's fun if you go with a large group . before 10pm it 'll be basically empty but gets more rowdy and fun deeper into the night .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome place . a must go . better than any other dueling piano bar in town . 9-11 on saturdays , 1 dollar drinks . ca n't beat it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "place is ok . the band had some really painful miscues , apparent to even the non-musicians in our group . some songs were good , others were unlistenable . it was clear some of the players were very unnatural at some of the instruments .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i did n't like the band choice for halloween night , but i did like the atmosphere . it was full without being overly crowded .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bad experience from the gate , bald manager i believe cory very unprofessional and claimed he had to move our tables for a fire hazard , shame we saw several other tables back to back . next were there for a happy hours and told we had two complementary drink tickets , then we 're charged a dollar a beer . oh and they do n't have food but are getting it someday . my advice go to sing sing they have their stuff together and this place wo n't be around to long . another great example of poor service , lack of management and systems . what a joke definitely not coming back only stayed for a friends birthday and i feel bad he had to spend his 30th in this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i won a happy hour that i used for labor day weekend . my group got there around 10pm , and we were given drink tickets for $ 1 drinks . when we went to use them , the bartender told us that the special was over , and that they drinks were full price . when i expressed my confusion , she got the manager . the manager ( a blonde female ) came barreling through the bar to yell at me . she said the special was over , and i 'm not using the tickets . she then took the tickets , ripped them and threw them out , and just said ok ? the bartender ( who was really sweet ) apologized for the manager 's terrible customer service . even though this was a fun bar , this interacted left a really bad taste in my mouth , and me and all of my friends do not plan on returning . this place really needs to get new management !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i wanted to like this place i really did . i went there around 9pm on a friday . i went to the bar on the upper level and had 2 bartenders stare at me for a good 10min before i was finally served . he asked what i wanted and i said a vodka water made with absolute , the bartender looks at me and just says `` titos '' apparently he was making mine with titos vodka . i was a little annoyed but went with it . came to find out my not strong at all vodka water made with cheap vodka at that was $ 8 ! ! i get vodka waters with top shelf vodka at other bars for $ 5 . as for the dualing piano part . it was fun but u have to be in the mood for it . there were a few bachelorette parties there who seemed to be having fun . my suggestion , get nice and drunk before u go because the drinks are weak and expensive", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is like kennywood without kids . ugliest crowd i 've ever seen . no hope for night life in pittsburgh .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so , i came here because my friends told me it was so cool , but when i got here it was a very ( almost impossibly ) crowded place ! the drinks were very expensive and the bartender was very rude ! the piano guys otherwise were awesome ! that saved the night !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my least favorite bar in pittsburgh . the live music is not good and it 's so loud it 's painful . never really gets too crowded which is nice and it 's a really big place so you can move around . drinks are okay , nothing special . i would n't recommend but if you absolutely love live music , i would say check it out because you might like it !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "only reason i 'm bothering to write this is because a couple of times now the bartenders seem to intentionally give incorrect change ( that is off by 5 dollars or more ) , and are pretty rude . also they charge a cover here ( which is understandable because of the music ) , but they charge the same cover they charge at 10pm at 1 am", "score": "1"}
{"review": "always had a great time until recently . one of the blonde male musicians ended up having my friends purse which was missing for a few hours . whether he was trying to steal it or not , that 's your decision , our group has ours . after he was confronted while the bar was shutting down , he was incredibly rude . would n't you think if you found a purse , you 'd give it to the security guard when you were finished performing , knowing very well people would be looking for it and asking other employees of it ? well this kid did n't , he kept it for a few hours until the bar was shutting down , even when people were being kicked out for being there too late he still had it . if we would n't have noticed him wearing the purse , who knows what would 've happened to it . clearly his intentions were anything but good . if these are the individuals you hire at your place of business ... good luck .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok i hardly ever give 5 stars but this place surely deserves it ! ! ! so much so i think my family and i go at least once a week . the rotisserie has got to the best in the carolinas hands down ! ! ! their compimentary sauces are to die for ! ! ! they are always friendly and attentive here as well . portions are pretty respectful for the price and quality of the food . i have tried the fish and chicken dishes . if you are ready for a party in your mouth with latin flair this is definitely the place to be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i returned to pio pio with my family on a friday night to see if the food would be as good as it was on the weekday afternoon that we tried it . it was even better ! ! i ordered the same thing : chicken , red beans , yellow rice and plantains and it was just as delicious , and thankfully not as salty , as my weekday experience . although it was really crowded and the food took a little bit to come out it was worth the wait . my daughter had the pork chop with rice and plantains and did n't like it as much as the chicken , but nevertheless she said she would return and order the rotisserie chicken next time . it appears to me that this place is consistently good , and is quickly becoming one of my absolute favorites . try it , you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good , simple , food . better than viva chicken . alot of bang for your buck here . love how all the salads are topped with tons of avocado .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not much else to say that has n't been said , but i do love me some pio pio . i have to be in the mood for it , because i do n't usually crave roasted chicken . but whenever i go its always been great . i used to get the 1 2 dark meat until i started doing weight watchers and switched to the white meat . i thought it 'd be dry and not as flavorful , but i was soo wrong , its just as good . add to that a side salad w avocado and the yummy garlic dressing , rice and beans and tostones ( def a splurge on ww but worth it ) and i am a very full and happy girl ! ! i 've had the tres leches and sangria in the past and both were also excellent !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best peruvian chicken in town . their roasted chicken is fragrant with enough spices to make it flavorful but not overpowering with their spices . i especially love their green spicy sauce . it 's tangy and spicy . it 's addicting : ) . their fried yuca is a real yuca , not mushed like a french fries . i have n't tried most of their dish on the menu . i only ordered the chicken here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place lives somewhere in between diner dive and fancy brunch spot , which for me is not the sweet spot . i much prefer it cheap and cheerful or gastro-fabulous , but these breakfast spots definitely have their place in society , and we were hungry . three of us went for breakfast , and got the traditional breakfast combos : two meats , two eggs , toast and potato things , waffles and coffee and one fresh oj and it came to a little over $ 40 . too steep for what it was , but still pretty tasty . lovely waitstaff , exposed brick and some breakfast . this place is probably a lot of peoples ' jam ... and peanut butter . they have peanut butter in individual packets on the tables . cool .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was very good ! it was n't extremely to die for i 'm moving to canada for this restaurant , but it was very good ! the owner and waitress were really nice . they are very child friendly and i love their healthy options menu . overall , 10 10 would recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great and friendly service by all . nice , clean and relaxed environment . lots of yummy food with each serving . will come back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i dine here 1 or 2 times a week . i enjoy getting there for the early bird breakfast on weekdays . traditional breakfast . service is friendly and knowledgable . i have requested items not on the menu and they are accommodating ( within reason ) . the coffee is hot and plentiful . as a vote of confidence i generally see 2 to 10 police enjoying breakfast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything you look for in a great breakfast joint . food is great , prices are too , and the staff are usually wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited for brunch at about 11 a.m. on june 12th . i ordered the eggs florentine . i got an over buttered rendition of a hollandaise sauce and raw spinach with a side of burnt `` home fries '' . eggs florentine is traditionally made with blanched spinach . after complaining , the waitress said , `` that 's how we make ours '' . she offered to take it back but if i 've learned anything from the media , it 's do n't send back your food ! she then concluded with , let us know next time and we 'll grill the spinach . uhhh ... there wo n't be a next time !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was our first visit to this restaurant and we will not go back . we did feel sorry for the server who was serving the entire place and her service was adequate given what she had to do . one order was missing the sausages that were supposed to be there . the other order was supposed to have swiss cheese not cheddar on the sandwich which was a very disappointing monte cristo . ( very little egg in the french toast ) . all the home fries were undercooked , tasteless and too cold to enjoy . the portion was large though but we left most of them on the plate . owner ... you need to get more staff in the kitchen and serving . the place was busy for a weekday but they may not come back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered a chicken club sandwich with an egg and side order of fries . nothing spectacular but no complaints either . service was decent and pleasant . i 'd go there again but probably for breakfast this time around .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there 's an early bird special if you go before 930 ( if i remember correctly ) which gives you a handsome discount on the traditional breakfast ( 2 eggs , toast , potatoes , choice of bacon or sausage etc ) the server was friendly and attentive and was always available to top up my coffee . if you want to reduce your carb intake they will replace your potatoes with tomatoes which go well with the meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just tried this breakfast joint , did n't want the same old from boom . on the way to tricolore but got sidetracked . will come to sunnyside again with the family for sure . coffee good . light breakfast was just right . my companion had the meat plate ( aka the super sunnyside ) . they even have a counter with stools , flashing back to our family 's favourite the dear departed tivoli . wifi and all you can eat pancakes french toast on certain days ? fantastic !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "omg the best breakfast place i ever been to . i got something called the super . 3eggs 3saugase 4 bacon stripes a big slice of cooked ham french fries never been fully in a breakfast place ever . their o.j . and chocolate milk tasted great . so much cereals that i have n't even seen in stores to choice from . overall great place to come sit and hang out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the breakfast here and the pancakes ! always a pleasure eating here , friendly staff decent pricing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our favorite breakfast spot . every weekend i take my family here for a big , friendly , reasonably priced breakfast . the service just ca n't be beat , and the food is great for traditional north american breakfast !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decent breakfasty food . decent eggs , toast and bacon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came in for breakfast . three of us got omelettes and jessy got a benedict . they were all good , standard diner fare , generous portions . we also got excellent service , but that might be because the place was so empty . : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here with some friends after a fun night of dancing , in desperate need of some greasy nourishment to fill my grumbling belly . to be honest , i was n't expecting much more than just your run-of-the-mill greasy spoon , but i was wonderfully surprised . the place was fairly busy and there was a bit of a wait , however the host was well organized and attentive , keeping us continually updated . once we did sit down , our server was friendly and efficient . i went with the delicious sounding tomato and feta omelette . the tomatoes were marinaded in a little bit of vinegar and some herbs , almost like bruschetta . it was delicious with the marinaded tomatoes balancing out the salty feta . definitely keeping this idea in my back pocket ! overall , i was thoroughly impressed with my serve and food , and look forward to my next visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good breakfast , good service , not too busy any time i 've been there , very decent and no complaints .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good place to go to get a great , cheap breakfast and avoid the line-ups at other breakfast places in the area . friendly service , good food and great prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome place . love the liberal use of corned beef in a number of dishes . just a great diner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food . great price . was suspicious of reviews . typical greasy spoon . low in innovation . high on taste . had the breakfast grilled cheese . added mayo for moisture and swapped for scrambled . no problem with modifying . great non-formal service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had breakfast here for the first time today . nice little restaurant . prices are reasonable , food was fantastic ! everything we ordered was perfect ( even the bacon that i requested to be well done ) . very friendly staff . we will definitely go back here again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely not going back to this place . over priced , poor service , and terrible food . this place was nothing like what some of these reviews say . we got a table right away but we had to ask that it be cleaned and set . three tables around us had not been cleared the whole time we were there and were left with garbage and food . we ordered coffee and water and our food arrived before our drinks . had to remind the server we ordered drinks . it was n't overly busy and the service was so slow . not once did the server come back and ask if everything was ok or even refill our coffee and water . as for the food . we both ordered the all day breakfast and it was horrible . the potatoes were not cooked and soaked in grease . the eggs were ok but so oily and greasy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "its fine the breakfast was fine it wasnt anything i remembered that made me give this place a rating of fine there prices were ... ... .fine", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent and friendly service ! nice clean restaurant , including the washrooms . tasty , freshly squeezed orange juice and a delicious breakfast menu . home fried potatoes were very tasty and eggs were perfectly done ! whenever i have sausages with breakfast , i want them to taste exactly like the sausages at sunnyside grill . there are other breakfast and brunch options within walking distance on st. clair , but this is the one we 'll be going back to again and again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "completely mediocre . i was there on a saturday at 12:30 , it was fairly busy but we got a table right away . my major complaint with this place is the food is bland , under seasoned and just blah . i had the eggs benny , english muffin was barely toasted so it became soggy . i requested soft poached , one was perfect and one was quite under , with a lot of the whites barely cooked . hollandaise was ok , nothing exciting but not terrible . the potatoes were again just ok , but needed salt desperately . it looked like they had been cooked awhile ago , at some point they were crispy , but by the time the had got to me , they were steamed and soft . my son had scrambled eggs and sausage , the eggs were rubbery and the sausage had the same issue as the potatoes , crispy in another life , but soggy in this one . if you 're in the neighbourhood and you want a proper breakfast , just go to emma 's !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is an attractive , clean restaurant that serves a good , greasy spoon style breakfast for cheap . the waiter was very attentive and efficient , and the coffee was above average . if you 're in the 'hood , go !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sunnyside grill is sort of american diner sort of a place and a great place to go for brunch or for a quick bite . nothing fancy about it but it is good food at good prices . they have sort of egg with cheese and bacon in a english muffin thing + side of hush browns for $ 5.99 . i had one of these and i loved it . my son had kids meal pancakes and they were great too . so yes , check it out for easy , reasonably priced brunch or diner sort of food . it 's fair to say you gon na get good bang for your buck .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a super pleasant place for a delicious breakfast . the hubster and i came here sunday at 1pm ( peak time for the partier set ) and were pleased to find no line up , no pretension and a tasty tasty breakfast at decent prices . i 'm not kidding when i say this place is pleasant . it 's cozy , clean and yes.. sunny . the service is very friendly and their orange juice is fresh-squeezed . it 's also quiet , which is great for those who may have overdone it the night before . a standard breakfast ( 2 eggs , bacon sausage ham , toast , homefries ) is about $ 9 . their home fries are crispy on the outside , soft and nicely spiced . despite boom being down the street , this is going to be our go-to breakfast spot in the neighbourhood . it 's just as good without the high prices and the lineup .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "two of us went for a late brunch and were not disappointed . service was prompt ; waitress was courteous . she brought rye toast instead of wholewheat but i kept it anyway ; she offered to replace it . a cook chef came from the back to apologize to the guests at the table next to us who were waiting about 15mins ; the staff had somehow lost the slip with their original order . i thought that was very good ; usually the wait staff are the ones to do that kinda dirty work . i 'll certainly go back another day .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decided to go for fathers day breakfast with my wife and 7 month old son . first off food was undercooked the homefries were pretty much raw on the inside , bacon was awfully chewy . but that was not the biggest dissapointment during our visit when my wife asked if they had a change table in the bathroom the waitress replied with `` you either have to go to starbucks down the street or you can use the floor in the bathroom '' so it is definatly not family friendly if you have small children . definatly will never be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "beautiful place filled with nice staff and delicious food . we enjoyed our breakfast meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of the best places you can have breakfast in the area . the portions are reasonable big and the price is good too . i 've been there twice and the service is very good . those two times that i went it was a sunday morning and i had to wait about 30 minutes to be seated , so do n't go over there if you are starving ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3.5 stars . fast basic breakfast . good value . very kid-friendly and cozy . $ 4.99 early bird special from 7-10am . staff very attentive and friendly . had the `` light & lively '' bfast from the `` healthy '' menu . 1 egg , toasted bagel or english muffin & cup of yogurt with fruit . the egg ( easy over ) was perfect and english muffin was toasted perfectly as well ( crisp all around yet soft and chewy in the middle ) . yogurt & fruit was surprisingly disappointing . tasted like artificially sweetened fruity yogurt with too-sweet fruit in syrup ladled into it . did not eat . hubby had the french toast . light and tasty but served with fake syrup ( not real maple syrup ) . despite the yogurt and fake syrup would definitely go back again for a quick cheap early morning bfast .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "living downtown in a `` transitional '' neighborhood has its challenges . last night i was walking my dog in huntridge circle park ( somewhat of a mecca for the homeless ) and unwisely allowed him to run free -- and of course he immediately ran into the bushes and proceeded to roll around in a pile of poop . now , i 'd like to think that it was dog poop ... but the unpleasant reality is that homeless people have been caught on camera pooping in this park , even though there 's a public restroom right there . either way , thankfully we have this awesome dog groomer right around the corner on charleston & 15th , and i took him in for a bath first thing in the morning . i 've been using lucky 's for a couple years , and they are a super-friendly , super affordable family-run business that always does a great job ... for cheap ! i ca n't say enough good things about lucky 's ! if you live downtown , check it out for sure . and also beware of homeless turds !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't take your cat here , they will charge you $ 90 ! ! ! i have 2 small dogs that have a lot of hair when shaved off and you want to charge me double for a just as hairy cat ? ? my 2 neighbors who recommended this place also said they had a very obvious cut nick on there lapaopso mix and nothing by staff was said what so ever . they are never going back . also checked with my vet and no call came in from them to check to see if shots have been up to date . that 's illegal and unprofessional . they also do not keep records in any info of animals .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "called to get price quote for a shave wash for my english bulldog . lady i spoke with told me she needed to see my dog first to quote me , but finally was able to give me an estimate of $ 40 . when i got there after explaining i needed a # 4 reverse shave , which he 's had for years , she told me it 's not possible and she may possible cut my dog in the process . i was flabbergasted ! ! i immediately left . if i could , i 'd rate my experience with no stars !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place i drive from southern highlands to get my dog groomed here . she really takes her time and does a good job . she does not over charge and is super friendly . also , not like other groomers that tend to change the price every time , she stays consistent with her price . definitely worth the drive for us !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't think of one bad part of our pet grooming experience here at lucky 's pet . called jc , made the appointment , drove down to their shop , jc is such a people person ( and dogs ) both dogs look and smell amazing . thanks jc & crew ... mindy & blu will be back to see you again . we went to their second store located at 5643 west charleston ... easy drive , easy to find .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my maltese poodle , she was extremely matted.they took great care of her , and left her really cute for a low price . definitely will go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . groomers are so sweet to my pups . good prices , good parking , decent hours . my dog guapo does n't like it here though . he does n't like people touching his paws .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place rocks . got my two dogs in and out in two hours with no appointment looking happy and beautiful for a reasonable price . great spot for getting your raggedy dog looking great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here every 4 months for 3-4 years and love this place ! they are kind of far from me , but worth it for 1 ) the service and 2 ) the price which is nearly half what petco petsmart charge . they treat my dog with such patience . i 've been meaning to write a review for years , but when i picked up my bichon who 's been having problems walking and saw they put her in a special sling to keep her comfortable and were handling with such great care , i had to take a second . my dog hates the car , but when she knows she 's going to get groomed she gets excited because she knows she 'll be pampered . she 's scared of petco after they clipped her several times and i had to have her in the `` cone of shame '' for over a month while she healed . so glad they cured her fear of the groomer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they did an excellent job on my golden retriever who is full of hair and energy . i 'm sure she was n't easy to do . she got a cute little kerchief and smelled like perfume . it was fantastic and all for only $ 40 ! staff was easy to work with and helpful with a last minute grooming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cleaned and treated my cat so special . did not have to wait long and they put cute scarf on him too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner and her family are incredibly friendly and accommodating . they always treat our dog , lacey , like a princess and do a good job of grooming her . highly recommend lucky 's to any dog owner in the area looking for a new groomer that is also a local business owner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm having to change my rating and my review . i 've been taking my dog here for a few years and i let the first time they cut him go , but not a second time . it 's understandable that accidents happen , but they should at least let you know , so you can properly care for them and you can avoid big vet bills .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was called other places to try to get my dog groomed but everyone was full and i was referred to this place by a friend it ended up being very nice ! i really really liked how my dogs haircut came out ! sometimes whenever i take my shitzu mix to the groomers they always end up making him look like a girl : even putting on a pink bandanna sometimes ! but this time the lady even waited for me to come on in and ask me how she how i thought his ears looked like i told her that i did n't really like him like that and she went ahead and cut them for me just how i wanted them : ) will definitely be coming back here with my dog again ! mayra was very nice ! i also really want to buy one of those doggy strollers they have there ! lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these people are terrible . i took my two poodles and maltese dogs here and after i picked them up and took them home they were very scared and nervous and would n't move . my maltese would let me pet him and finally i carried him to examine him and found that he was all cut up and there were blood stains on his butt and personal area . that can leave a dog traumatized . my other poodle got an ear infection the day after , i wonder how often they clean their supplies . his ear infection got worse and eventually he got very sick . my last poodle seemed to be fine but he did have small nicks . they should n't have been cut in the first place though , never going back . they never even bothered to let me know this . i will be sure to warn people about this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great staff . good products . have n't been in one in a while . they were friendly but not overly up in your face . april , michelle and karen were great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's bbw what can i say ? ! this location is in north lake mall and can get jam packed around the holidays . there are always promotions running at least twice per month so register to receive coupons and emails . the current special for the day is $ 8 3 wick candles . woot , woot !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't go here to gamble ! the food is good , but the bartenders are awful . they spent the whole night gossiping in the corner and talking on the phone . i 'd rather take my money elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this location is not the greatest ; however , it is off the strip and a relaxing , chill place to hang out if that is what you are seeking . the servers are nice , food was good ; however , i was not impressed with the drinks . i asked for one margarita , tasted horrible , so i had a glass of wine instead . there is not a lot of room for plenty of people , so it may feel a little tight . overall not too bad of a place , there may better out there , but for a quick stop at a bar , or a place to hang out with a friend , this may work for you = )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the greatest spot ever to just have a meal and etch the game . not to mention they 're never crowded , lots of sports tvs on , very spacious and clean . annette is one of the severs waiters there and she is just amazingly sweet . the prices are affordable for the amount of food they give you . plus they offer military discount and that 's always a plus ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! we are accommodated very well here , the servers are awesome and the food is excellent ! my favorite dish is the shrimp tacos . the taste is very flavorful and definitely hit the spot : ) we also always get the tempura asparagus , very delicious ! drinks are also amazing . overall always a good experience here and recommend to everyone to try out for lunch or dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great local bar ! love this place , i walk in and they have my drink ready ! love keoki , carla , april , david ( bar back ) , stacy , annette , kyle ! ! and jay ( the chef ) this is the place to be !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . come here a lot when family is in town . everyone always loves it . all types of awesome sandwiches . drinks are always good as well . great bar menu . also have shuffleboard which is fun . only complaint is if you eat there early and ca n't sit in the back side , the bar side is very dark . must work out for drunk guys trying to get laid .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was a chill environment in the restaurant . smell of smoke strong from the bar . came in through the restaurant side , but i believe it 's all connected . food was just okay . we had nachos , sliders and wings . wings by far the best option of the 3", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had the pleasure of coming here for dinner on new year 's eve after a long adventure with a friend ( ! ) who happened to be a girl ( ! ! ! ) . already in a chipper mood , the service was slow but the company was good , and the food just happened to be delicious . i ordered the pulled pork sandwich which was exquisite for $ 8 ; she had the salmon , which at $ 17 was a little on the expensive side , but tasted wonderful nonetheless . a memorable experience on my part .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is my go to for happy hour for several reasons : 1 ) you ca n't beat the $ 2 wells and $ 2 drafts . 2 ) great , quick service . 3 ) it 's close to my house . i really like the dark loungey style . they have a lot of tvs , slots at the bar , and a shuffleboard table . i 've always had a good time coming here with family and friends . i 've only been to the restaurant section once , but the food and service were both great . i really liked that they brought out warm chips and dip to the table .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well we moved into the neighborhood almost a year and a half ago both of us like to get out and drink gamble and socialize this place is awesome in every way the food is top notch the machines pay back and i saved the best for last the bartenders are incredible they remember your name what you drink it 's so nice its truly your bad if you do n't enjoy this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of our favorite neighborhood bars ! really good food and drinks . every time we come here april is our server and she goes above and beyond . she remembers our order every time and gives great service . there are a lot of tvs including a big screen which makes it perfect for games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is always delicious , friendly staff , great machines . chris the bartender keeps us coming back , he is great ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first of all a big shout out to the hot bar staff , it almost goes without saying but i said it anyway . i must give it up to the kitchen crew because as a man that loves to chow i like the menu ( tater tots , hells yeah ) good wings , cold beer , i like it all . great place to watch a game .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my new favorite place ! ! ! i 've gone twice in the past week . 1 ) it 's a dark and chill bar 2 ) they play music from steve miller band , dave matthews , led zeppelin , & country 3 ) they have fried corn dogs as appetizers 4 ) they have a grilled cheese and tomato soup on their menu for $ 5.99 5 ) they have sandwiches under $ 10 & entrees over $ 15 6 ) they comp your drinks when you play 7 ) patrons are really friendly , classy , and well mannered 8 ) their food is good 9 ) it 's close to my house 10 ) they have a ton of tv 's for sports go try it ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here and we loved the food the atmosphere was great , but the only reason it did n't get 5 stars was because of our server she was a total space case .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had rotator cuff issues , dr recommended welch pt . guy welch was up front with me after the evaluation , said he did n't know if he could help or not , after 6 sessions my range of motion improved but i still had pain . he could have kept me coming back and gotten more money . instead he suggested to go back to the dr . i had surgery november , welch did the rehab . he is priced competitively , does n't try and keep you coming back to fill his wallet . i am very satisfied with the results . flexibility and range of motion is within 5 % of my other shoulder and i am pain free . took 16 weeks but he could have kept me longer . i left there with a list of strength building exercise and could n't be happier with the results . i would highly recommend this organization ! the entire staff is great ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been having knee pain for a few months , and my doctor referred me to welch . it 's a nice office , and a large roomy therapy space . they took their time with me during the intake , and really watched how i walked around and moved my body to see what might be wrong with my knee . what they discovered is that it is n't my knee at all . the pain is a result of other muscle problems in my hips and glutes . i appreciated learning this ! they are a bit pricey , but you should check and see if your insurance plan covers it . i was happy with my first session , and will continue to see them . i ca n't wait to get running again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i walked in to welch pt in tremendous lower back , hip , and leg pain . after six weeks of working with dr. coleman and the staff at welch pt , i am pain free . thank you to everybody at this clinic . i have my normal life back because of you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beware of the business practices of this institution - if you are in an accident and need physical therapy - they will not work with you or your attorney on payment when legal proceedings are in order - for average run of the mill therapy please consider a more ethical business practice", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent staff ! i have gone though physical therapy here twice now , as they were recommended to me by my orthopedic doctor . very pleased both times !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "look around for another physical therapist ! their treatment is more expensive than other qualified pt 's in the area and you will receive more extensive care . i have used physical therapist both personally and professionally and know first hand , so please do your research .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was in the kabab house for the first time on sunday night and i simply loved it . great family owned business that had fresh food & a great feel to it . i 'll be going back and i would recommend it to anyone . great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super fresh food..great prices . ala carte and entrees both .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious . the salad is outstanding . the kebobs were outstanding . the humus is bland , bit well made . the iced tea is terrific . the staff are friendly . the prices are reasonable and the servings large . i had to try the beef egg roll ; quite different and fun . we will definitely return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i was super excited when a new middle eastern restaurant opened up within walking distance . unfortunately , i 'm left pretty disappointed . to the staff 's credit they were incredibly polite and the service was great . unfortunately the food was simply bland , especially the hummus . i 'm pretty sure they just ground up some chickpeas and called it a day . also the food took way longer than it should have . the cook must be pretty new to this whole restaurant thing because they only cooked one meal at a time . i had to watch them cook and serve the 2 other people who arrived before me one by one in order . given that pretty much everything served here is either already prepared or grilled , they should be able to prepare multiple orders at once . i 'll try them again in a couple months just to be fair , so i hope some garlic and spices finds it way in to their food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food , and great prices . the family and staff are informative and kind . the food was very fresh ( i watched the lady make my foule and i watched the guy make everything else right in front of me ) . as a caveat , i do n't think i would classify this food as `` mediterranean '' or `` greek . '' i would call their food middle eastern and arab , which is what i expected . regardless , it was good . i think yelp controls the classification .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my new favorite mediterranean food restaurant ! great food at a great price . wonderful customer service . the grape leaves and gyro are amazing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are great . extremely friendly and nice service . food is perfect , i wish they would dim their lights and make more cosy atmosphere . the food sure deserves it . anyway , this restaurant well deserves full five stars . food is great . service is careful , accommodating and friendly . everyone should try it out", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this probably one of the better middle eastern restaurants i 've eaten at in northern phoenix and they are a very nice family run restaurant . the food is great , the prices are very good and it 's very fast ... you ca n't beat that !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! great tabouleh , falafel and kibbeh . decor is a little antiseptic so best bet is takeout . family run business which is great . we have generally went to sabas but after trying kabob house we have n't been back to sabas once .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i saw a sign for this place on our way to the movies this weekend . we stopped by for lunch after our movie . place is small and so so . service was really good . we had the humus with meat ( great idea ) , hubby had a gyro sandwich ( pita wrap ) and he loved it . fries were good too , tasty and crunchy . i had ordered a cubideh sandwich ( wrap ) but ended up just eating the humus , and taking the wrap home . hubby thought humus was kind of bland , i thought it was ok . the meat was like hamburger meat but with herbs and spices , i liked it very much . the portion was reasonable ( ~ $ 8 , it is an appetizer ) . we want to come back to try the grape leaves , the baba ganoush , and the tabouleh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unhappy about the hours . change the yelp ad . you guys are closed sunday ! i drove all the way out to get my favorite food to find you are closed ... . common now ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a wonderful surprise , this restaurant was . this is a family owned restaurant and they are all so nice and welcoming . i had the kafta plate which was more than enough food . they do a special trick with the rice which makes it taste like no other . you will have to give it a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic to have a true mediterranean restaurant where everything is fresh and tasty . try the yogurt drink ... perfect ! chicken sharwma was superb . my new favorite local restaurant", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter , grandsons and i were looking for something fast and healthy so i yelped restaurants in area we were in ... ... the reviews were great so we went with them ! ! soooo glad we did ... ... ... ... ..the service was outstanding and the food delish ... ... ... .she and i had the kafta combo and loved it ! ! one of the boys had a cheese burger ( go figure ) and loved it too and the other ordered the falafel ( from watching kickin it ) but was not crazy about it ( prob too young to appreciate different cultures yet ) so mom switched plates with him had his falafel , and he loved his kafta ... ... ... ... ..bringing dad next time ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered takeout from the place and the food was great . we got the gyro salad , a side of falafel and also the gyro plate ! definitely will be coming back for more ! have been wanting to find a good mom and pops mediterranean place nearby and this is it ! decent prices for a good amounts of food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food ! good service ! very friendly family owned business . i 'll be back many times ! i love the food . the chicken , the bread , rice , salad . everything is great . very fresh , quick service and wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our new favorite resturant for a weekday date night ! we werent sure what to expect at first when walked in . though we were happily surprised by both the great food and kindness of the employees ! we ordered the gyro plate and the kabab koobideh plate . they both came with a generous portion of rice and a wonderful half salad and at a decent price ! it left us full but not overly stuffed . we 'll definitely be back with friends and look forward to trying more of the unquie menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is amazing and delicious ! ! ! ! the food is authentic and made to order . i would come here everyday if i lived closer . do n't miss this tasty and satisfying new restaurant ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic ! very generous portions for the amount of money your meal costs . get the gyros ! so delicious . everything is made fresh to order . their hummus with the ground beef was very good . this place , while not fancy , definitely is comparable to the persian room at a fraction of the cost .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service was great and the variety on menu good . all food prepared up front visible to the customer which i like . the food was great , be prepared to leave full .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all the food is very fresh and incredibly delicious . i had the falafel plate , which included not only 6 falafel patties , but a salad and a generous helping of hummus and pita . everything was prepared to order ( not ahead of time ) and spiced to perfection . the staff were very friendly , to boot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best pizza in canonsburg ! dylan is without a doubt the best pizza delivery guy in the biz . they should give him a raise and the award of best delivery guy ever . try the mac and cheese bites they are fabulous !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this pizza ! ! ! the only pizza place that we order from . a deluxe is so loaded with toppings that one piece fills you up . their specials with coupons ca n't be beat and they are so nice on the phone . it 's also a plus they deliver to us because we are in the country .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they told me they were delivering me pizza , then they called me back 30 min later and told me they do n't deliver to my address . wtf ! ? ! tell me that from the start , not when i 'm expecting pizza in 10 minutes . they said they delivered to lawrence not to cecil . it 's like an extra 4 min . driving time . are you really gon na tell me you ca n't make the drive after i 've already been waiting .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very good quality pizzas . the prices are great . always use one of their coupons inside the store or from past take outs . less than 9 bucks for a large plain take out . their wings are amazing . highly recommend . the pizza is n't in the `` amazing '' category , thus the 4 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered several pizzas for a work party..cheeseburger , buffalo chicken , supreme and taco ... .fast delivery..inexpensive and really good ! will order again and keep passing menus thru out the office . yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have had many take-out pizzas from here , and all were good . importantly , the order was hot and ready when stated . i especially like the white chicken pizza with spinach and bacon . the crust is really good and crunchy , and the toppings are fresh and well done . we plan to keep coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i eat here quite often , the high quality food and fresh handmade sauce is to die for . it 's always good to be able to get great food but it 's even better when you show up to a restaurant and receive great service . the staff is super friendly here in canonsburg . they definitely put the customer first . if you 're ever in the area you should definitely stop in this place and try it out , you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastically free , fun little exhibits that will entertain little ones ( and the young at heart ) for hours . there 's a room with all kinds of lizards , snakes , and marine life . there are rehabilitated birds and mammals outside ; and little kids will love to touch the bunnies through the cage and watch the funny turkeys . the tot planetarium shows are wonderful for toddlers on up . there are awesome nature camps and programs for all ages that happen year-round . and , for adults , the planetarium program on saturday nights followed by the telescope viewing out in the field makes for an interesting , charming date night .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the animal exhibits are interesting and more extensive than the center 's modest exterior might suggest . there 's an outdoor area featuring various types of birds such as owls , hawks and -- most notably -- a bald eagle . the indoor exhibits include a planetarium and numerous aquariums holding freshwater and saltwater species . this is a good place for kids to spend their time . organized activities include classes , day camps and after-school activities . as other reviewers have noted , this place is a gem made all the better by its free admission and the gorgeous surroundings . the woods and creek are made for kids to explore .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of those really cool mini-museums ( `` centers '' i guess is what they 're calling them ) where you can get freaked out by bugs , snakes , hawks , walking sticks , snapping turtles , and other crazy wildlife . i would love to try the planetarium sometime soon . they seem to have a lot of programs at very discounted prices . also , admission to the center itself is free ! how cool . they also have places for little kids to play , books and toys , etc . located in the huntingon reservation off of wolf road in westlake . there 's a little picnic area nearby with a huge field . i freaking love the metroparks ! ! it seems as though i 'm always finding something new to do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is fun for all ages . from the exhibit inside to the menagerie of animals outside : - ) it 's fun to get up close and personal with the animals , and watch them do their thang : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite places to visit ! it 's great for all ages . their wildlife rehab center and staff are fantastic ! keep up the great work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an unbelievably great place - very good for young children to experience animals and learn about their habitats they also have classes for pre-schoolers - which are the best - they have the best teachers ever - in fact , there are waiting lists for their classes ! ! if your child wants to learn about the outside world - these are the best classes you could enroll him her in . the teachers are patient & loving , and present the material in an age-appropriate fashion . they are the best pre-school teachers in the city .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not big , but there is enough to see if you 're in the area . kids will love it and it 's free . brought some small injured wild baby animals in and they help me with them , they gave them a look over , gave me some great advise and they ended up doing fine and went on to living a full healthy life in the wild .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "plenty of things to do both inside and out . the programs and animals inside if its hot or rainy , and paths and outside attractions for when it is nice out . the annual rubber ducky race in june is a great event for the whole family . jumphouses and carnival activities make for a fun time for everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! such a great place to learn and appreciate wildlife ! great habitats for the wildlife , my only critiques would be the peregrine falcon and the venemous reptiles could use bigger exhibits , but maybe with more funding , they 'll get upgrades . great place for everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "underappreciated gem -- even has special toddler planetarium times !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the nature center is great . luckily , we live close and can frequent often . the building houses a planetarium and turtles at one end . down the hall is an amazing aquarium with a tide pool . we love to search the tank for new fish . add a few large boa 's , a couple of rattlesnakes and a huge iguana and everyone is happy . the outside exhibits are beautiful . the professional landscaping includes a pond with a bridge that the kids love to cross . eagle , owls , hawks , fox , bunnies to name a few . we always go on a little hike when we leave . the woods are so beautiful . free to public , but donations welcome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great place to go with young kids to see animals and learn about the environment . we love going here with our 1 year old . he 's fascinated by animals and being able to see so many different kinds up close is a great morning for him . they also do some pretty fun activities ( planetarium shows for 0-3 year old , classes for pre-school aged kids , easter egg hunt for kids a bit older ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a tourist to cleveland this one is a gem , practically free x it 's a non profit so you can donate ( since i know what it 's like in non profit we dropped 40 ) . lots of local animals to see ... .bald eagle and all ! i think the coolest part was the bee hive , you can see inside of the hive . thanks to the helpful staff for telling us what to do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "toddler show was great ! animals were neat too . great for wee ones !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was very impressed with the information they provide regarding ohio and the land , animals , insects , and the science behind it all . was very impressed to learn there was a planetarium . have n't had a chance to experience it yet but look forward to it . they have a ton of live animals to check out , and , the strangest i 've ever seen , an indoor bee hive ! ! ! i was so impressed . the only thing i was n't a huge fan of is its location : i was hoping to see hiking trails that were easily accessible by foot . i 'm sure there are some within driving distance , and the lake is right there , but this place is totally worth visiting . especially if you have kids . they could spend hours checking out the different exhibits and they will for sure learn a lot about ohio and the wildlife that inhabits it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this center is surprisingly good especially for free . the first time i went here was to take them an injured squirrel from my yard . they take in small animals like this and try their best to rehab them . it gave me a chance to check out the facility though for the first time in the 4 years that i have lived in the area . since that first visit i 've been back several times . every time they have had little animals out that you can pet like chinchillas , owls , skunks , etc . stop in for a visit if you 're looking for something fun to try -- especially with kids .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not really sure what happened since my last visit , but wow was it great ! the food was cooked perfectly and all of us left full . the green chili was so great i sat there looking up recipes for when i get home to make it ! phenomenal fresh salsa ... perfectly cooked pulled pork , and the mooseadilla was awesome as well ! wait staff was great and right on with service , drink refills , etc . we will definitely be back again and that is a promise !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went on a tuesday . wings were only 59 cents and the beers were under $ 3 . my favorite of the top three spicy flavors was the mango habenero . fresh cut fries were pretty good too and we really enjoyed the atmosphere . lots of tvs and the bartender crystal was very friendly and informative . happy hour is 12-7pm monday thru friday - just wish we had one of these in wadsworth . there 's really no good wing places like this nearby .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great wings , great sandwiches & wraps , and even my salad was awesome ( i do n't expect much out of a sports bar salad , but it surprised me ! ) . i 've had friendly and attentive service both times i stopped in . the bathrooms smell terrible -- i think they have plumbing issues , but if you can get past that then it 's definitely a place streetsboro was in need of ( sorry chuggers ! )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "comfortable atmosphere , good service , good food . amanda was our server and she was just wonderful ! i had the buffalo chicken dip appetizer and the jumbo pretzel sticks appetizer ; both were delicious . they serve pepsi products ( i prefer coke ) but that was n't enough to dampen my spirits . i 'd definitely come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as a note , i give stars based on how well the establishment accomplishes what it has set out to do . happy moose is a bar and grill . as such , it succeeds masterfully . the environment is really cool - renovated from an old eatnpark . the room is filled with local memorabilia and is very spacious . all of the food has been great . the french dip , custom burgers , and appetizers are all exceptional . the menu is vast , yet the kitchen seems to be able to pull it all off very well . surprisingly a lot of the spreads , dips , and sauces are made in house . they have a great beer list comprised of about 10 craft draft beers and seasonal bottles . i love the fact that the menu gives you a price for all the alcohol ... sooo nice ! prices are all very reasonable and the service that i have experienced has been great . the perfect neighborhood bar and grill .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were very happy while eating at the happy moose ! we went on saturday around 5 and were seated promptly . they were n't very busy which was great . our waitress was super friendly and was very attentive . she even offered suggestions and boy were they good ! i had the wing and pretzel combo and it was perfect ! although too much food for me they were sure tasty . the buffalo ranch sauce was perfect ! my husband had the ribs and wing combo and he said they were fall off the bone and very tasty . i 'm glad we tried them out and we will be back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best sports bars around . the food is always good and the servers are always nice ! we usually get burgers or ribs , both are great choices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not get wings on wing night . its a matter of them getting wings out and not cooking to order . i can ask for them extra crispy any other day but wing night , you get what they give you .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a good 3 - 3.5 star . we really like this place , but i am not going to say i am a 'fan ' just yet . there food is pretty good but a little on the pricey side . you do get a decent portion but you may struggle a little when the bill shows up . the service has always been really good . they are focused on being a sports bar though and at that , they are pretty good at . inside is a little industrial , so if moose makes you think it is going to have a warm woodlands feel , do n't . but that being said , it very comfortable and open .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "some of the members of our motorcycle ministry and i went last night , and it was great . the food was amazing . the atmosphere was amazing . the service was amazing ... definitely will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped here after the spartan pittsburg . service was prompt and friendly . food was good not great . had the wings with the smoke rub and the irish nachos . my son had the texas boy . all were neither a hit or miss . next time i 'm in town i will be back to try some different wings .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decent atmosphere and beer selection but for 59cents per boneless wings it could be of decent size . i got some chicken nuggets size and it was really small . maybe not pick the special next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "have yet to have a bad meal . this has turned into our weekly go to place . noticed some turnover in the wait staff but food , service , and cleanliness has stayed consistent . wish they had a patio and a larger parking lot . would really be nice if their website provided current info regarding performing bands each weekend . great place for family dining or a night out without the kiddies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have gone to this restaurant several times and always enjoyed it . however , we called a hamburger order in-picked it up . four days later we receive an alert from our credit card company questioning us of a large tip applied to the amount . nope we did n't leave a tip cause it was a pickup . we looked over our receipt . after 2 phone calls we were told this sometimes happens and we needed to give them our credit card info so they can refund us the amount . i 'm sorry but the tip was more than the hamburger and all i get is oh sometimes this happens ! well they have now lost us as customers and our family of 6 that we would take there . `` sometimes this happens ! '' ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? what is up with that ? beware it could happen to you !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "arrived to be seated my a friendly hostess . but seconds after being seated noticed 2 dead bugs on our table . waitress laughed and made a joke of it . not amused . food was good . not fantastic but not bad either . was slow to come out and with a few errors but they did correct them . i would return for the sliders .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "alright food bad service . waited 40 minutes for my waitress to come around so i could get my bill . i could see her . she was busy vaping behind a wall by the kitchen entrance . i finally flagged down a different waitress and got my bill . the whole time my waitress bartender was busy huffing flavored water vapor . no one ever checked on me the whole time . i wo n't be back . i hope you wo n't go there either . next time i 'll listen to my coworkers and go to rocknes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the french dip sandwich was really good and well cooked . the wings were mediocre . the service at the bar was fairly poor and slow . it was n't really busy on a mid week evening and the 2 bartenders did n't really seem to have much of a clue . she was only friendly when she handed me the bill . i would n't go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's good to see a family owned restaurant in the fast food capital of streetsboro ohio . i 've been traveling here for many years and have long since given up on finding any remarkable food . this restaurant is no exception . food was okay at best . i had chicken wings that were a bit under cooked . they came drenched in sauce . it was literally floating in it . salad was decent . beers were good . service was fast but without personality . if you put this place in any other place i would pass . in streetsboro however it offers at least a choice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "found this unique place on a recommendation from a friend ... . and although we did n't have dinner , , we had drinks ... .. staff could not have been nicer ... even recommended a few italian restaurants in area ... . hats off to this place ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice atmosphere . kid friendly . love the rib nights . reasonable prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best cuban i 've ever had . great friendly service . plenty of tvs for sports . the music was just a bit loud for my old ears .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't see what people complain about here . if i wanted bistro style , high quality expensive food i would go to rosewood . i go to the happy moose because the prices are good , the servers are pleasant and the alcohol is great . my only issue would be to tell management to hurry up on that sunday liquor license . i wanted to go cocktail crazy but had to stick with beer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give this place 3.5 stars . not quite a 4 , but not a 3 in my book ( obviously since i wish i could give it a 3.5 on the scoring . it has bands from time to time , which is what makes it a 4 . not many places have an area that converts from a stage at night to tables during the day . i would give it a 3 for food . it 's just your typical , everyday bar food . nothing to write home about , but it 's not necessarily bad . just average . i 've been here a couple of times , and i have always enjoyed myself . the service is also fantastic , which also helps its rating . i would recommend you stop at least once to try it out , especially if there is a band .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were a group of 4 had dinner last night 3 had burgers 1 had the rib special , chicken nachos for an app . service was very good , all agreed food was also very good much better than our first experience here a year ago", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i ate here yesterday and both were told how wonderful the fish sandwich was . so we ordered it . first the fries that came along with sandwich were limp and greasy . it is pretty hard to mess up fries but they did . the fish was a glorified frozen fish stick with breading looks like a very large chicken mcnugget . it was served on what looked like a yummy french baguette . it was n't . it was bland , tasteless and rubbery . we asked for the catawba sauce ( mayo and siracha ) which turned out to be the only good tasting thing we ordered . do n't order the fish sandwich no matter what anyone says , unless you like fish mcnugget sandwiches . $ 42.00 for two fish sandwiches and fries that we did not finish or take home , 1 beer that my husband did n't finish drinking , water for me , fried pickles ( tasted good not did n't like the breading ) . overall not good food and not worth the price . save your money and go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got ta say this place is disappointing . such a great name , it has to be a fun late night place , right ? nope ! ! ! they have a good beer selection , but no one who knows anything about beer . the food is ok , but the atmosphere is just sad . they really want to close by 10:00 , so do n't plan on sticking around .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "used to come here quite often and really enjoyed it but the last few times it has not been good . the quality of food is not good , the zucchini planks were so greasy and the fries used to be really plentiful but instead there were hardly any fries at all . i ordered a side of cole slaw and paid $ 1.99 for two spoonfuls . there were bugs on the walls and the temperature was not controlled very well . very disappointing !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "$ 32 for 12 wings and two beers . food was ok. beer was ok service very marginal . two bartenders and only 10 of us at the bar but had to repeatedly wait for service . they both did find time to spend quality time with a couple of regulars . i got the dry wings and they were pretty much fried and rolled in a salt spice mixture . the place was pretty empty and i see why . wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was pleasantly surprised to find that they had high chairs as it looked very bar-y when we walked in . we ordered the fried pickles , which were pretty good . the wings were just ok and the bill was huge for what we had . it just felt very overpriced for very average food . we did n't even finish our wings , and that 's saying something . our service was mostly attentive , however . this would probably be a good place to drink and watch a game .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the best sports bars around ! ! ! great food , good beer selection , and reasonable prices . on top of that the servers are super friendly and are exceptional at their jobs ! ! ! highly recommend ! ! ! ( and the fried pickles dip are the bomb ! ! ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a truck driver have to sit a day great place ... great wings ... great waitress ... but get a sunday liquor license please my company comes here a lot", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was ok but nothing to write home about . be careful with the add-ons and up-sells . everything is extra , and it adds up . a side of sweet potato fries was over $ 7 . celery for the wings is extra . if you need extra chips for your spinach dip , they 're extra . our bill ended up being nearly $ 60 for two people . we could have gone out to a nice steak house for that much .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "yesterday stopped on the way back from going to the casino at 10:30pm . they were closing and denied us service . it was a saturday night at 10:30 ... ? there is no way this place is going to stay in business long if they are not open on weekends past 11pm . be warned , do not plan on going here late at night . all of there customers must be old people that go to bed before 8 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ate here a couple of times before my diet was restricted for medical reasons , and i thought the food and service both were exceptional . i 'm looking forward to having the doctors let me go back in a month or so . in the meantime my son knows their mentor location well . john a. thought the windows were a bit odd for this kind of place , but it used to be an eat 'n ' park . changing the windows would have been a major remodeling expense . the place seemed very kid friendly when i was there both noon and evening .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there was 6 of us for dinner . food was very good . 3 burgers , 1 fish sandwich , wings and a salad . all of us were pleased . the only reason it did not get a 5 was the service . the place was not very busy but our server made us feel very rushed . the place was not even half full . will be back but will order takeout", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm generally not a harsh critic for many things , if there is effort involved i would n't be quick to judge on a first visit basis , but waiting almost 45 minutes just to be approached and then asked what we would like to drink is lousy . that 's almost saying that you straight up , do n't care . how on earth there was a mix up , is beyond me . even on a friday saturday night with the place packed that would n't be okay . me and my girlfriend got our drinks after 45 minutes and ordered our food . we got boneless wings fritters and they tasted like dirty fryer oil , as did the breaded chicken sandwiches . the hummus was really good though . it honestly deserves 1 star , but the fact that we had a lot of that taken off our bill was nice at least .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went on the sunday before memorial day , the only race in nascar was on at about 8:15 . had 2 beers . asked for a food menu and we were told the kitchen was closed at 9:00 . i could understand that on a regular sunday but before a holiday was disappointing especially since the burger that the girl received looked delicious .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "today was my first time at happy moose . upon entering i was greeted with a friendly smile and then choose to sit at the bar . the bar is very spacious , made of granite , with plenty of seating . there are a lot of big screen monitors every where . so , getting a good view is no issue . the beer prices were good and even better once the baseball game started . this time i choose an appetizer , buffalo chicken dip with tortilla chips , that was so addictive i ca n't wait for more . i enjoyed my first experience and will be going back very soon", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and service ! my companions had beer . i was undecided between the pinot grigio and the chardonnay . i asked the waitress if i could have a taste of each to determine which one i preferred . ( a common practice in az ) . she stated that they do n't do tastings and the alcohol was weighed so they could n't just give me a little . we asked for the manager who promptly came to our table . she said the same thing but said she , too , would have to get permission from someone else . as it turned out , they did bring me a sample of each and i chose the pinot grigio . they were very accommodating although i suspect if we had n't pushed it they would have just left it at no . everyone in our party was very pleased with their food selection . ambiance was nice and they were n't too busy . we definitely would go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrific food , craft beer and service . came on a tuesday night on a business trip and there were a ton tvs playing the indians game . it was 59 cent wing night and the wings were a great quality . they came out hot and fresh with many different flavors . i had a nice lake erie monster imperial ipa to go along with it . great well run restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband proclaimed , `` i want to get you liquored up tonight ! `` ... so off we went to happy moose . the parking lot was packed but we were able to get a couple seats at the bar . a number of drinks containing 3 olives cherry and some apple pie moonshine shots and i was toast . the fried pickles were delicious and that 's not the booze talking . we had pretty good service too ! of course we will be returning !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm giving 3 stars for the food . but overall this is a nice place to drink a beer and watch the game .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i got the black & blue burger & my girl got the pulled pork sandwich , both were very good & i would get either one again . now the wings are a different story . would n't get the again . they were to chewy for me . plus i got they 're equivalent to a sweet heat sauce that was bland . no sweet or heat . potatoe skins were ave .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we were so excited when this place opened . we were disappointed the first time we went . hubby said the bar stools were too low for him to be comfortable and i found myself sliding around on one all over the floor . but , since then , we 've made a few trips back . we sit at a table now since he is in a wheelchair . the staff and patrons always hold doors for us , when we come in and when we leave . the server does n't even hesitate to move a chair out of the way so i can get the wheelchair under the table.. drink service is fast . when i asked what beer the server would recommend , she chose one for me that was perfect and i will order from now on . the dining room is bright and welcoming and the huge televisions on the wall are easy to see . we are becoming sunday regulars there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "second time around i have to say the burger was pretty good . definatly above standards . the wings are also very good . will deffinatly go back . they only reason i didnt give 5 stars was the service was slow today . otherwise happy moose was impressive today . kudos to the owner and his cooks !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't drive by this local joint ! visited for lunch from out of town and had the bacon and blue burger with onion rings . best rings i have ever had in my life and that burger ... .omg that burger . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i stopped here at random , and i must say the food , drinks , and wait staff were pretty awesome ! i had the angus beef sliders with fries , and my husband had the six pepper dry rub wings which were ridiculously good ! also try their apple cinnimule - surprisingly pretty darn good ! overall , great place to stop by if you 're looking for a well seasoned meal , good drinks and pleasant staff . should we ever find ourselves in this area again , we 'll definitely come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here to spend time with family and watch game started of with appetizer platter for $ 12.99 we had tasty ribs that fell off bones and mozzarella wedges and chicken tenders . we were able to choose the sauce we wanted . also had potato skins but they were on greasy side . at half time we ordered food chicken quesedia and pulled pork sliders and asian chicken salad . food good and service was attentive . the game outcome on the other hand . ..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good ! both the service and the food were exceptionally good . i got a chicken philly and it was cooked perfect . no problems what so ever . the prices also did n't break the bank .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i could give a rating of 0 stars i would . came in to just my toes polished . first they asked what i needed . then stated they did n't have time to complete a service so simple . when i told them . so then why ask ? is my question . if your establishment is not set to close for another hour and a half . bad business and lack of professionalism in my opinion . will never come back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place . its always quiet and relaxing , no crowds , no making you feel rushed and hurried . the owners are so nice . its dark on the outside ( to block the sun ) but inside is clean and calm with good massage chairs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . friendly staff , and great services ! they take their time and really take pride in their work ! i will continue to come here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to this location and told them about the yelp advertisement for one large with 5 toppings for $ 10.99 . they stated that it must be an expired coupon and that they are n't even on yelp . i explained that you are on yelp and someone needs to either pull the advertisement or honor it . they refused to honor the yelp coupon . not sure that i would come back after that . they are in now way trying to accommodate the customer .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they use yelp to get people in the door then they tell you something else.they tell me that `` they '' did not put the coupon on yelp . well who did it the tooth fairy ? if they lie about this what else do they lie about ? stay away ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pizza is very good , and if you go on wednesdays , they have thier wacky wedneday special , large 1-topping for 5.99 . free flavored crust and usually quick service . the employee even offered us free drinks while we waited in the dining room .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gave hungry howie 's a second try . i am glad i did . the pizza was good , all that is wrong with the no flavor carb wraps is right on with the pizza . i would consider eating here again . i always recommend using the website since it has coupons and is easy to navigate .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it took me about a month from when i moved across harris before i figured out where this store was hiding . since then i 've been four times , twice leaving with pizza . the first time i ordered online , that was fast and simple . did a $ 5 pepperoni with the garlic crust , loved it . second time popped in to get their version of little cesar 's hot and ready , that was good and about that same . next two times went for the same but they only seen to keep one actually ready , i end up leaving because i do n't have twenty minutes to wait . if they 'd keep some pizzas ready for their advertised specials this place would be five stars , since they skimp i got ta take stars off . too many other places i can stop at when i decide i want pizza on the way home .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very good price for what you 're getting ... i got a calzone and it was super filling . definitely recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just ordered from them , and they are speedy , and our delivery driver was super nice . she was so pleasant and friendly that we want to order again ! delicious food , we love the bbq wings , and the garlic butter crust is delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i waited the full wait time ( 40 min for my delivery ) which is n't to bad on a friday night . got my pizza and i am not impressed . 1 pizza is fine , the other is burnt , and the cheese bread is so greasy it could kill ya by looking at it . the howies on sardis rd is way better !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "our family loves hungry howies ! this particular location has always been friendly ! the service has been great and delivery seamless . i enjoy the multitude of options they offer and i really enjoy their deals ! this is our number one pizza spot ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they rather not deliver to african americans , i ordered food , two different nights in the same week , and they never came . what makes it so bad , is that i was a the super 8 on sunset , and they 're in and out during the night making deliveries .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there are many things i like about this place , but will try to boil it down in a few sentences . for starters , my wife is a customer . colours , highlights , blow dry , whatever it 's called - she always comes out looking amazing . after enjoying her results.. i decided to give the place a try , and have quickly become a dedicated customer . i like the overall experience , high quality and assurance that i 'll walk out looking much better then when i came in . from a guy 's perspective , you ca n't really ask for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recommend this salon without hesitation ! i have n't found anything close to the same enjoyable experience downtown . it is a beautiful space , everyone is friendly and i love my cuts . i get my hair cut by amanda who is meticulous . i am also addicted to their hair bling .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great location , very easy to find ! the salon is clean and beautiful ! it is a bit pricey but was very happy with the cut and artist .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to get a cut style - my wife and i both started going - clean , professional and friendly and it seems like they have a lot of regular customers that are super happy with their hair", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was difficult to find parking . but the actual salon was professional not dramatic like most salons", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the only reason i am giving this 1 star even though i will probably go back to do some shopping for packaged food and such from time to time but will no longer be tasting the free food is the fact that i witnessed one of the food tasters blowing her nose while standing at a food tasting table , and not only did she not wash her hands , but she did not change the plastic gloves that she was wearing before continuing to handle food to give out as samples . i was so stunned that i just had to walk away . yes it was my fault for not bringing it to a managers attention but if you could have seen the stunned look on my face . she did not notice me but i damn sure noticed her . stunned ! i remember exactly what she looks like and will be reporting her but again just stunned that she did that in plain view of everyone . can we say blech ? ! ? !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after a year of visiting this sam 's i 'm giving it 4 stars because i like it much better than costco around the corner ( 15255 north hayden road , scottsdale ) . why is this ? well , first off let 's say that i buy only certain items here , as i do n't do my regular `` grocery '' shopping at this joint . ready made bags of salad , about 3 bucks . land o ' lakes sharp cheddar cheese , 2 lbs. , about 5-6 bucks . get the idea ? great for parties and entertaining as well . great place to stock up on bbq sauce , coffee , tortilla chips , a-1 , charcoal for smoking and grilling , and a few other items . big plus for me vs. costco , it 's rarely crowded , and i can run in grab 2-3 items , and be out in less than 10 minutes . try that at costco !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "optical only i 've been getting my glasses at sam 's club optical for years and one of the techs , melanie is just terrific . if she ever leaves i am going to follow her ! ! she is customer focused , very personable and helps the customer make a good selection . she is precise in her fitting , very professional and confident . melanie is an assest to the organization and the reason i go to sam 's year after year for my glasses .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good place to go if you need varies kinds of items . of sometimes you do n't need a 55 gallons barrel of stuff ... lol but a great place and great people ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like this sam 's . i get my eye exams contacts glasses here and some groceries . it 's almost always pretty dead and therefore easy to get in and out quickly and easily . they do n't have nearly the selection that most costco do , but i 've never waited in line here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they did a great job on my sons birthday cake ! we asked for specific colors and drawings on it and they only charged us $ 14.00 ! ! we had gone to some grocery stores and they wanted to charge us up to $ 70.00 because what we wanted was not in their `` book '' . the cake was great and my son was so happy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sam 's club or costco ? 90 times out of 100 , i 'm at costco . however , there are times when i shop at sam 's club because they carry some items costco does n't or because it 's more convenient to shop at sam 's club when i know costco will be super busy and sam 's club wo n't . this store is a great alternative to costco . they 're so close to one another that if i drive through costco 's parking lot and see a nightmare of cars there ... .i drive 2 min to this store and shop . they keep the store clean and organized well . we 'll keep coming back . return factor - 80 %", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here because a groupon made it basically free and i still overpaid . first of all they did not have all the items promised in the groupon . we were in at 6:30 pm and they had no rotisserie chickens . this place is a joke compared to costco . we will be canceling .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "being long time happy members of costco , we decided to go to sam 's today during their open house to see how it compared . we were totally unimpressed with the lack of customer service , the unfriendly and unhappy looking and acting employees , the fact that we were not made aware until we went to pay for our purchase that they did not accept visa or american express , our only 2 cards . we will definitely stay with costco and not bother to go back to sam 's !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this rating is for the photo processing area . today i went to pick up slides that i had left there and also to have them rectify two poorly processed photos which i only noticed when i got home . ( i had processed over 90 photos ) so i get there and the guy i had previously dealt with was off . ok no problem . i looked for help and a lady who works for sam 's was unable to look for the slides where i told her they were . ( i saw where the prior guy had stored them . ) then , i asked for the pictures to be corrected . at the point she advised me that all the machines were out of order . so i spent money on gas to get to a place that does n't even have one working photo machine . not good . i usually get photos done at their competitor down the road , but decided to give them a try . how does one pronounce , `` bad idea '' ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am a sams plus member , and really wanted to have my tires changed in scottsdale 's sams club . however , i have been trying to call the store on the phone , and no one picks the call . it 's been two days now , and i do n't know why no one picks up calls at this branch , but just because of this , i have no choice but to have my tires changed at discount tire .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been standing in line , and am the next person in line for about 15 min with no end in sight , just to renew my membership . if i did not need this i would have left . costco is so much more efficient . hard to understand why anyone shops here who does not have to .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "get your lunch here ! very inexpensive and always tastes great ! the lady with red hair and the young guy with glasses are the only ones who have a nice personality !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the person who said that it was like a parallel universe to costco hit the nail right on the head . this sam 's is located very close to one of the busiest costco locations i have ever visited . however , while it seems that most of north scottsdale is at costco , this sam 's seems like an oasis ( if you hate crowds ) . in fact , there have been several times where it seems that there may only be 10 or so shoppers in the store ( i know , it 's probably more ) . anyways , they have a great selection of music and dvds , a great selection of snacks , pretty good pizza , comparable gas prices to costco , and a whole lot less people . i 'll admit , i am a member of both sam 's club and costco and while costco ( especially the one literally 1 4 of a mile away from this one ) offers a larger selection of merchandise . if you want a stress free , crowd free warehouse club experience , you just ca n't beat sam 's club .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "totally burned off on sam 's . first of all the credit card policy is terrible . master card or debit card only . the sam 's in georgia take visa , sam 's in cozumel mexico takes all major credit cards ! so , they burned through my cash to purchase two tires for my yukon , balance and rotate all of them . i left for california the next morning and the vibration was totally nerve racking . stopped at america auto depot in lemon grove california and had all the tires re-balanced . every tire was several ounces out of balance .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sam 's club is close to costco , and you might think that it works be unnecessary , and you 'd be wrong . sam 's club sells many different brands from costco , and sometimes the place to find certain items is at sam 's . when they have the same items , they are comfortable prices ( within a few cents ) . they also will have special deals in neat that the sell by date is approaching quickly i live where there is no sam 's club , but i keep my membership for traveling on the mainland .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased a groupon for sam 's club renewal fee plus a $ 20 gift card . this proved to be a very difficult transaction for some reason as i spent over 25 minutes at member service counter to renew my membership . i then paid for my purchases with the $ 20 gift card and put the balance on the credit card . by the time i got back to the car , something did n't quite add up so i looked at my receipt - the cashier added $ 20 to my purchases instead of giving me a credit of $ 20 for using the gift card . so it was back to member service counter for another 30 minutes ... . i know i do n't always look at receipts ; i wonder how many times this cashier has made the same mistake with other customer ? i could n't have been the first customer using a gift card ! the membership fee is not worth the hassle - costco has similar pricing with products of much higher quality .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went into costco because i wo n't be spending my money at sam 's because of rudeness and ineptness of their employees . much greater variety of inventory but more importantly , friendly and efficient associates . i did n't wait 5 minutes in line for a couple of sandwiches and when it was my turn the lady at the counter greeted me with a friendly `` hello , may i help you '' and when i asked another for a bag to carry out he told me they did n't have bags but he would look for a box for me . he disappeared to the back , obviously went to some trouble and returned with a box , packed the box up and was polite . when i asked for a bag at sam 's the young woman rudely informed they did n't have any and turned her back to me . it seems the sam 's associates are an overall unhappy bunch and they treat customers accordingly . go join costco and you will be much happier and so will the manager at sam 's because it willl mean fewer complaints for her .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was in the north scottsdale area today and needed to pick up a couple cases of water for a church water drive tomorrow . the sam 's i typically go to is on bell ( habit ... ) . i did n't want to drive all the way over there so i yelped for another sam 's ... picked up this one . i like it better . it seems cleaner and somewhat less crowded . pallets of water were just inside the door , so that made my trip easier . the check-out lanes are a bit awkwardly positioned but i found them . this location has the usual stuff : tire & battery , jewelry , electronics ( ipads , laptops , cell phones ) , food , etc . this location is on northsight , off raintree . good thing yelp had the address because it otherwise seems like it would be easy to miss .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tip : watch out for fat angry red shirt guy in the food court tyipcal sams club . clean and nice cashiers but food court needs more attention and beter customer service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was very happy st sams club tires . jay really knows his business ! i learned a lot about why i should have my tires inflated to a certain number . you 'll have to ask jay yourself but it is worth the trip over there . the wait time was minimal but sometimes inevitable that you might have to wait some . its really worth it ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "julia with skinrn is amazing ! she is highly educated but down to earth with a wonderful personality . she truly cares about the results you want to achieve . i used derma pen and laser for vein removal . she is professional and honest about what you need and how often you need treatments . would recommend her to anyone ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "julia from skinrn has saved my skin and bikini line . i started going to julia for laser hair removal on my bikini line and armpits . i have always been insecure about these areas and wanted to improve them . julia has not only improved by bikini line and armpits , but has made it flawless in these areas . there are no more razor bumps , or shadows i feel so confident in my own skin and i no longer need to hide under a sarong . i had such amazing results with the hair removal that i also trusted julia with the dermapen facial . my pores are nonexistent and it improved my acne scars and hyperpigmentation in one treatment . i will only trust julia with my skin .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had such a great experience with my laser hair removal with julia ! from my first consultation , she proved to be an expert in her field . it was really important for me to find an affordable treatment plan without compromising on quality of service . skin rn hits both of those marks . the treatments are effective and i am thrilled with the results . and julia is extremely sweet and makes the whole process as comfortable as possible . i would definitely recommend her business . i have found her practice to be clean , safe and very professional . my skin feels safe and better yet , hair free !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "international newsagents is a good place to make a pit stop for water or for a packet of crisps , but its main purpose is to provide the people of edinburgh with international news . with its wide selection of magazines and newspapers from across the globe , it 's probably one of the only places in town you can pick up a newspaper from your hometown ( if you 're not from edinburgh ) . they have everything , from the washington post to french newspapers ( that i could n't read or tell ya about , because my french is regrettably shameful ) . le sigh ! so even if i ca n't understand what the french paper said , someone who is here on business or indeed lives here will very much appreciate being able to pick up the latest scoop from back home . and , like eleanor , the army of bagpipe playing dolls displayed in the window dolls did invoke a giggle or two !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "o\u00f9 d'autre acheterez-vous un canard encha\u00een\u00e9 \u00e0 \u00e9dimbourg ? presse internationale , presse \u00e9trang\u00e8re et presse nationale .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i agree with gavin - this is a normal newsagents that also stocks international publications . nothing to get amazingly excited about , except perhaps if you are wanting to know the news from your homeland , or trying to learn a foreign language . it 's not limited to only newspapers - there are magazines and others as well . a veritable plethora of worldwide press . apart from this , it 's just a normal newsagents with the standard range of snacks , drinks and the like . with a location like this on the royal mile though , they will get a lot of business from tourists and residents buying the foreign media . i ca n't think of another place in edinburgh that stocks the same sorts of things .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "america does a lot of things better than britain . i could list the many ways in which this is true , but the most important one is this : american vogue . i am pretty much carrie bradshaw in my love for vogue , the only difference is the shoe collection , the apartment in nyc and mr big . so i was mega happy to discover international newsagents which sells newspapers and magazines from around the world . my dad likes to pick up a new york times here when he is in edinburgh . i guess it 's primary purpose is to provide all the tourists with their local news while on holiday . but it 's great for the locals who need their fix of new york magazine or us magazine . i was browsing through people magazine ( i know , i know ) and put it back a little squint and the shop assistant came running over and lined it up again with the other magazines . hello ocd ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the comforting feeling you get when you pop to a spanish supermarket hideously hungover and pick up a scottish newspaper and a bottle of irn bru is second to none . it totally reminds you of home ! i guess that 's what this international newsagents is to the tourist population of edinburgh . i was excited to see the racks of newspapers outside ranging from the new york times to some russian publication which i ca n't even begin to reproduce the name of . i found this really cool in amongst a totally commercial part of the city . american magazines were also available . you can also get the usual newsagenty stuff in here like lottery tickets and sweets .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i study languages at uni , so this place has long been a friend of mine . the amount of times i 've had some newspaper-article based assignment , i should have bought shares in this little shop . it 's pretty much the only place i 've been able to find that always has spanish newspapers in stock ... and a choice of more than one . and even if i did find another place , the guy who always seem to be working in here whenever i go has such good chat that i could n't bring myself to cheat on his shop . i 'm guessing from the fact that it 's on the royal mile that it caters for homesick tourists . personally , when i 'm on holiday i relish the chance to be able to cut all ties with real life for a few weeks and forget what 's going on at home , but each to their own i guess .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "whilst i think we 're perhaps getting a bit carried away about international newsagents , as it is after all , just a well stocked paper shop , it 's still worth four stars in my book as since borders closed , there 's periodicals for sale in here that to the best of my knowledge , ca n't be found elsewhere in town . be it the new york times , berliner morgenpost , or oddly enough , the shetland gazette or whatever the hicks call it , if it 's news based and not from these shores this is your best bet in town to find it . providing an excellent service then , but still makes me miss the glorious borders . it 's only really worth a four , but like eleanor i too witnessed the window full of pipers , and that little touch of eccentricity wins the day for the international newsagents .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "like many other locals i visited international newsagents to pick up a foreign language paper to assist with foreign language lessons . i was later inspired to give up these lessons so maybe i picked up the wrong paper . international newsagents is smack bang in the centre of edinburgh on the royal mile , making it a very convenient location for incomers , tourists and spies to indulge their homesickness or catch up on the latest happenings . essentially international newsagents is just a newsagents specialising in selling a great stock of papers , magazines and periodicals from all over the world . in this it does a good job . to manage this , it cuts all the usual sort of trash you might find in a newsagents . beyond this it might not be anything special . but it does its job and provides a very useful service with no complaints .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm awarding another star as when i walked past the other day i realised that they have an absolutely hilarious oddball wall of bagpipe playing dolls in the window , the whole side window is full of boxes of the exact same doll which is a little creepy but funny none the less . i 'm not sure why they have such a surplus of these doll as i 'm not sure who on earth would buy them ? for the giggles it definitely deserves another star .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "about the same as other locations . you get what you expect . chicken can end up being a little greasy . the mashed potatoes and gravy are fake . prices have gone way up . not as a good value as it used to be . they used to have really good specials but they are rare now . update 6-9-16 : they do not honor the coupons in local entertainment guide even thou the location is listed in the book . when asked the clerk said they do not know , i only work here : wrong answer !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely terrible service . the girl taking our order kept ignoring what we asked for , and would walk away while we were talking . then we were supposed to get a free lemonade , and the guy refused to give it to us even though we ordered a 16 piece meal and the lemonade comes with a 10 piece or larger . never going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "everytime i have gone to this particular kfc my order is never right . today instead of getting 10 pieces my bucket had 8 and they forgot to include the chocolate chip cookies . there was no napkins or condiments included in the bag it 's very frustrating when you get home to discover your order is not correct and you do not want to back out to get the rest of your order . learn to get your orders right . there are other places to purchase fried chicken in brunswick that are less expensive and are bigger pieces of chicken ! do n't give people a reason not to go to your establishment", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best chicken i have ever had it has great flavor . same with the sides even their cookies are good ! i must admit this is the best semi-fast food restaurant i have ever been to !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't expect the order taker to try to save you money at this location ! i ordered a bowl and small drink . normally , a restaurant worker would say `` allow me to save you some money by making this a combo . you 'll save two dollars and get a medium drink instead of a small and a cookie '' . this is the type of service that would bring me back to this restaurant ! when i brought this to the employees attention , he made no attempt to make it right . he could have at least given me a cookie , which would have dramatically changed the tone of this review .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is good but every single time i stop there to order pot pies , they always only seem to have 1 left ... .frustrating ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i took the tour a couple of month ago and had a great time . unlike other tours we had a party bus which was a lot of fun . the bus had an open bar . at first i was skeptical because there were a lot of people out side of light nightclub but the host got us in quickly . he really took good care of the group . when i come to vegas next year i 'll go again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hour-long waits are apparently typical and expected here , according to advantage 's help line and the reviews on google . i 've been here over an hour and the line is longer now than when i first arrived .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we rented a town & country van for five days for under $ 200 bucks . we were going to get a impala but when we went to pick up the car he gave us a killer deal that we could n't turn down . after reading reviews about this place after we already booked i was nervous , but we had no problems . got the car in less than 30min because you have to get the car before flights arrive . would i rent from this place again ? yup .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you love waiting in lines and have an hour to kill this is the rental car company for you . never again . no . use anybody else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had to run in and pick my food handlers card . do not go in the main entrance , you 'll just be told to go back outside . on the far west side of the building you 'll see a smaller entrance that says food service . i took the online course , so all i had to do is print out the certificate . when i walked in i immediatly saw a sign that said please have exact change for card - $ 5.00 . i almost had an oh crap moment but found 5 bucks in my coin purse . they do n't take visa and wo n't offer change . ai n't that something ? ! ? i was inside less than 5 minutes , they took my picture and printed out my i.d . really quick . there was little kiosks that people can take the course there . there was about 8 booths and all of them were filled up and one guy waiting .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have had to go to this place quite often in the last couple of weeks , however , i am no new customer . they have have different types of services that they offer , they have the children 's immunizations on one side of the buildings , that is available for un-insured patients or low income . my kid 's are not insured , and this is the best option vs. paying $ 300+ per immunization at the dr 's office . they also have family clinics . i went there to get my immunizations up to date , and to have a 2-step tb skin test required to start school in the medical field . the staff on clinic # 7 were very helpful , last year i took the skin test , but lost the card with the results that they provide you with , and when i went to ask for a duplicate , they had no problem helping me out with that , no fee , and they also were able to give me all my lab immunization history so i could give it to my advisor at school . i recommend it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came her for my foreign travel immunizations . i ca n't really speak about the other clinics there like std testing , general health , etc. , the foreign travel clinic was very clean , organized , and i received exceptional service . although you do n't have many options for travel immunizations , dph is a great place to go for your needs . i have no complaints !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for being last minute getting my daughter her 11 year old shots , it was pretty fast . they were friendly and had a good steady flow .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "getting an std test is always scary . this place made it quick and simple . i arrived at about 3:30pm on a tuesday and there was absolutely no wait . 20 minutes and $ 20 later i was out of there . they gave me instructions to call friday morning for my results . the wait time on the phone was a little tense ( close to 10mins ) but other than that this was a flawless experience . thank you maricopa county for this service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is extremely friendly and super nice . the only thing that really upset me is that when they sent me my results through email , i had to go to an app . it 's much easier to just show the results right than and there since some people do get anxiety and it sort adds on to it . other than that the workers were very nice and gentle .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ho ho ho.. merry christmas . 't was the night before christmas , when all thru the house not a community manager was yelping , not even a mouse ; the yelp swag were hung by the chimney with flare , in hopes that an elite event soon would be there ; the elites were nestled all snug in their beds , while visions of yelp mints danced in their heads ; and evelyn in her yelp'kerchief , kris in his sweats , had just settled down for a needed winter 's rest , when out on toronto there arose such a clatter , i sprang from the bed to see what was the matter . when , what to my wondering eyes should appear , but a spirited boozy uye , and eight drunk yelpeers . ... .. happy christmas to all , and to all a good-night ! ( ) please do not drink & drive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "santa claus is coming to town ! ! thanks for all the volunteers , the sponsors and participants making the parade so memorable and successful nothing beat seeing the faces of all the kids lit up when all these awesome floats paraded by . just be patient , santa will show up eventually ... ho ho ho ! ! ps i wish i am much much taller !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "badly organized - we were near the end of the parade on front st - there were gaps of 15 minutes between some floats and another 15 minute wait for the santa claus float at the end which just flew by with barely enough time to take a photo - a big disappointment - we arrived on front st at 1 pm and had to wait until past 3 30 pm to see santa - next year we are going to oakville 's santa claus parade which is much smaller and only takes one hour - this was a waste of time", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a fun spot to watch games and eat good bar food . they usually have some kind of raffle giveaway during big games too , which i 've won a couple times : ) ! i come here for the burger though ! i swear it is the best i 've had in vegas ... .. very random , i know . you can `` create your own '' with type of cheese , sauce , bun , etc . i always get a burger cooked medium with swiss cheese , sauteed mushrooms , and hickory smoked bbq sauce on toasted sourdough . it is soooo good ! ! ! with a heaping amount of fries ! my boyfriend swears by their pizzas , which are also delicious ! overall this is a good spot to play video poker , get good drinks by a very friendly staff , watch a game , eat a great burger , and play elvis pinball !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my favorite `` local '' bar ! stiff cheap drinks , great food for if i do n't feel like cooking , trying to avoid fast food , and especially for after a late night . i can come here anytime of day and be entertained , enjoy a drink , and a good meal . my faves here : wings , pizza , any of the sandwiches ( including the burgers ) , breakfast , josh and steed . but dont go . it 's my personal oasis .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent pizza ! i am picky about my pizza , and this place is one of the very few that i come back to , because i crave it . excellent thin crust . this is a villa pizza outlet inside a nice , huge sports bar . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "typical sports bar but a good place to watch a game and enjoy a great meal . garlic knots are tasty . the pizza is fantastic ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we live in the neighborhood and have been here many times and have always had great service in the past . we always order dinner and play the video machines at the bar . this was our first friday evening at double play and the service was horrible ! the quality of the food was very good , as always . the two bartenders seemed oblivious to our presence and made no eye contact with us or other patrons until engaged in a transaction . in short ... the only thing lacking here is the staff 's attention to the patrons . game-up people !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "another neighborhood watering hole of mine - i love that they have a mini game room and a shuffle board table . try the pizza and catch a game or two.. they have a ton of screens . i also think they have quiz nights on tuesday nights.. but do n't quote me on that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to watch football games in vegas . great staff with a great menu . a bit off of the strip but its worth the 5 minute drive south on vegas blvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wir waren gestern wieder mal bei ihnen zum abendessen , wie einige male zuvor auch . jedoch ist uns bei den getr\u00e4nkepreisen fast schlecht geworden . es ist schon frech , f\u00fcr ein gro\u00dfes apfelschorle , deren flasche ( war sichtbar ) als billigstgetr\u00e4nk aus dem discounter ( ca . 0,90 cent ) zu erwerben ist , \u00fcber 4 euro zu verlangen . da es die gro\u00dfen flaschen sind , war der inhalt nahezu abgestanden . so war es bei dem pepsi auch , das f\u00e4lschlicherweise als cola deklariert ist , was aber nicht serviert wurde . das wasser war mit selters betitelt , es handelte sich allerdings um ein italienisches wasser , wirklich sehr schade.die 4 bruscetta ( gro\u00df wie ein ringfinder ) waren lecker , aber \u00fcberteuert . das tolle essen und der sch\u00f6ne aufenthalt wird durch solche aktionen verf\u00e4lscht und kommt in restaurants jetzt geh\u00e4uft vor , dies ist entt\u00e4uschend . hier sollte umgedacht werden , kostet ein naturtr\u00fcber apfelsaft zum mischen wirklich nicht die welt .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "beim reinkommen stinkts nach fisch , und beim rausgehen nach zigarettenqualm . aber fangen wir mit dem postiven an : ein modernes online-reservierungssystem , hat auch prima funktioniert . ist auch empfehlenswert , wenn man einen tisch am fenster haben m\u00f6chte . denn die klasse aussicht ist der eigentliche trumpf des bella vista ! bei unserem pizza-test hingegen fiel es durch : 4x papp-boden , macht auch papp-satt . animiert aber nicht zur wiederholung . der beilagensalat war bunt ( f\u00fcr die harten wintertomaten kann das restaurant nichts ) , die ( leckere ) salatso\u00dfe aber mal zu viel , mal zu wenig . die r\u00fcckenlehnen der kunstledersessel sehen aus , als ob nachts die katze ihre krallen dran sch\u00e4rft . ist halt alles schon etwas in die jahre gekommen , daf\u00fcr sind die preise sehr zivil ( f\u00fcr den ausblick ! ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "essen ist ok , mehr aber auch nicht . bedienung war sehr hektisch . preislich ok , man darf halt nicht zu viel erwarten . schade um die location . die aussicht ist echt sehr sch\u00f6n . da h\u00e4tte man mehr als nur ein stinknormales restaurant , welches einen garantiert vom hocker reisst , machen k\u00f6nnen .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "allgemein kurz & knapp : wirklich empfehlenswert . ambiente sch\u00f6n und mit weitblick . ruhiger raum . sehr freundlicher und sehr aufmerksamer service . profis ! essen ist lecker , kein schnick-schnack . gutte grappa-auswahl ! weinkarte ist etwas mager . bedienung sehr professioneller , aufmerksamer service . freundlich , angenehm , umsichtig . das essen lecker und ohne firlefanz . haben \u00fcber groupon ein men\u00fc bekommen und es war wirklich gut . fleisch \u00e0 point , leckeres gem\u00fcse ( tortellini mit birne und salbei gef\u00fcllt ) . das ambiente toller blick \u00fcber die filder . angenehm ruhig . angenehme g\u00e4ste . sauberkeit sauber und gepflegt . auch auf den toiletten .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ambiente sehr gut . restaurant liegt im trend durch die lila und graut\u00f6ne vollkommen im trend . essen sehr frisch und hei\u00df . sauberkeit auf hohem niveau. ! gute auswahl an weinen und anderen getr\u00e4nken . bin jetzt schon mehr als 10 mal hier gewesen und kann nicht \u00fcber die qualit\u00e4t und frische meckern . alles so wie man es von einem restaurant in der lage , im 20ten stock , erwartet . der ausblick alleine ist schon ein besuch wert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "03.02.13 ein k\u00f6stliches gericht mit sch\u00f6ne aussicht von stuttgarter flughafen . das restaurant befindet sich in der 20 stock eines hochhauses . es lonht sich hin . gerne wieder !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "vor l\u00e4ngerer zeit dagewesenessen mittelklassebedienung schrecklich ! ! ! ! .finger weg !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "das restaurant liegt im 20 . stock eines hochhauses mit blick \u00fcber hohenheim , flughafen messe bis zur alb . der ausblick ist wirklich das beste an dem lokal , welches irgendwo zwischen italienischer und schw\u00e4bischer k\u00fcche schwankt . so stehen vitello tonnato neben maultaschen und wiener schnitzel vom schwein . das ambiente ist gem\u00fctlich und nat\u00fcrlich dominiert durch die tolle aussicht . die bedienung ist ausgesprochen schlafm\u00fctzig und wenig professionell . so wollte man die getr\u00e4nke erst bringen , nachdem alle g\u00e4ste anwesend seien . das essen war eher durchschnittlich und offenbar ist der k\u00fcche klar , dass die besucher eher aus dem fenster als auf den teller schauen . die bruschetta waren total danebenl . v\u00f6llig geschmacklos unter einer s\u00fc\u00dfen balsamico-crema . echt schlecht ! penne , canneloni ( nur noch eine portion abends um 19:00 uhr ! ) , salat und pizza waren ok , aber wenig kreativ . mit etwas mehr liebe zum detail und beim abschmecken w\u00e4re die location ein echter tipp .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "essen gut , service gut . location ok. es versporcht von der location mehr als es ist . ein gutes restaurant", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nach den grottenschlechten bewertungen hier haben wir uns entschlossen im bella vista die finger vom essen zu lassen und nur ein bierchen zu trinken . die begr\u00fcssung war herzlich , die getr\u00e4nkeauswahl ist d\u00fcrftig . da wir fast die einzigen g\u00e4ste im lokal waren , ging die bestellung flott . leider war unsere bedienung im ton sehr barsch , irgendwie 70er jahre ossi niveau und dem netten ambiente nicht angemessen ! dazu passt auch der h\u00e4ssliche plattenbau in dem sich das lokal befindet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "der mittagstisch war ordentlich , das preis- leistungsverh\u00e4ltnis gut . die grandiose aussicht l\u00e4sst das gute essen noch besser schmecken .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "zum vergleich mit der vorg\u00e4ngergastst\u00e4tte eine enorme verbesserung der atmosph\u00e4re . gelungene umgestaltung der r\u00e4umlichkeiten ( seit nov. 09 ) im aktuellen style . violett und schwarz passen sehr gut zusammen und auch die beleuchtung ist angenehm . leider konnte das essen , bis auf die anrichtung , nicht dem gehobenen ambiente standhalten . mein putenschnitzel war zu kross angebraten und schmeckte insgesamt trocken , was sich auch nicht durch die sauce ( die auf wunsch extra kam , immerhin ! ) \u00e4nderte . der service war in ordnung , aber als die g\u00e4ste zahlreicher wurden , schien die bedienung \u00fcberlastet und es dauerte deutlich l\u00e4nger aufmerksamkeit zu erlangen ! insgesamt kann sich der nachfolger sehen lassen , doch sollte das essen mehr qualit\u00e4t f\u00fcrs geld bieten . die aussicht ( wenns wetter mitspielt ) richtung flughafen ist \u00fcberragend und entsch\u00e4digte in meinen fall f\u00fcr die schwache k\u00fcchenleistung . ps : das wiener schnitzel meiner begleitung h\u00e4tte nur einen stern verdient .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nett umschreibt das am besten . leider durchschnittlich und nicht wirklich highlights , service fast nicht vorhanden . espresso war eine laue bruehe ohne crema.. hat verbesserungspotential", "score": "2"}
{"review": "das haus ist auf jeden fall nicht zu \u00fcbersehen , ein restaurant im 20.stock w\u00fcrde man dort aber sicherlich nicht erwarten . die ( gesch\u00e4tzten ) 60 meter h\u00f6henunterschied werden dank expressaufzug schnell und bequem \u00fcberwunden . wir hatten f\u00fcr unsere gruppe ein buffet vorbereiten lassen und wurden freundlich begr\u00fc\u00dft und an unsere pl\u00e4tze geleitet . der blick aus dem fenster ist spektakul\u00e4r , \u00fcber den flughafen bis zur schw\u00e4bischen alb ( es war diesig ) . das buffet war optisch ansprechend zubereitet und ausgesprochen lecker . besonderes highlight waren die antipasti ( gegrillte paprika , zucchini , auberginen ) und die desserts ( tiramisu und panacotta ) . dinge die zur neige gingen wurden immer z\u00fcgig nachgebreicht und auch ansonsten war der service ausreichend aufmerksam und in der regel flott , wenn auch potentiell eher etwas unterbesetzt . auch wenn das essen f\u00fcr uns an diesem abend nicht der mittelpunkt war , so waren wir doch rundum zufrieden .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "zuerst gar nicht als restaurant zu erkennen , befindet sich das restaurant im 20 . stock eines hochhauses - was nat\u00fcrlich einen wahnsinnigen ausblick auf den fluhafen bzw . auf der anderen seite in richtung fernsehturm erm\u00f6glicht . der empfang war sehr h\u00f6flich , die location sehr sch\u00f6n eingerichtet . im inneren befindet sich noch ein sehr sch\u00f6nes und gro\u00dfes aquarium . der service war sehr zuvorkommend und freundlich . die getr\u00e4nke waren sehr schnell zubereitet . das essen war sehr lecker , so dass ich mich sogar zu einem nachtisch hinreissen lies . alles in allem ein sehr gelungener und sch\u00f6ner abend in einer sch\u00f6nen location , deren ausblick seines gleichen sucht .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wir wurden sonntags , um die mittagszeit und ohne reservierung freundlich empfangen und haben trotz relativ vollem lokal einen tollen fensterplatz bekommen . die betreiberin ist herzlich freundlich jedoch nicht aufdringlich . wir hatten einen vorspeisensalat , dieser war frisch , knackig und lecker . die darauf folgende pizza war extra lecker ! toller teig , klasse belegt und knusprig gebacken . schmeckte lecker wie aus dem holzofen . der abschlie\u00dfende espresso war stark , hei\u00df und ebenfalls lecker . zu dem wirklich tollen geschmack kommt beim 'bella vista ' nat\u00fcrlich noch der tolle blick . leider l\u00e4\u00dft sich die qualit\u00e4t und sch\u00f6nheit des lokales von au\u00dfen \u00fcberhaupt nicht erahnen . wir kommen ganz sicher wieder und freuen uns schon heute auf die grandiose pizza ! 5", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i made an appointment for a move a couple weeks before the move . 5 days before the move , i found out the work on the house would not be completed in time for us to move on the scheduled date . i emailed kyle and asked him to reschedule , and he said he would , but that i would have to pay another $ 100 `` truck reservation fee '' . he seemed more concerned with keeping my $ 100 than being flexible and accommodating . moves can be stressful enough without having to deal with a business that is not understanding of people 's changing circumstances . with all of the other moving options out there , i am not sure why you would chose someone that is going to nickel and dime you and not be flexible . kyle basically chose to make a $ 100 for nothing than to reschedule and earn $ 400- $ 500 for actually moving us .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they were extremely professional and efficient . they treated all my furniture so nicely and were very respectful ! great guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was most impressed with kyle 's office management . he promptly responded to my calls and emails . he was pleasant and easy to work with , and most importantly , his crew arrived on time , worked quickly and carefully , and caused no damage while unloading the truck . great company !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't recommend them at all . i repeat do not go with them . they took a long time packing and then did n't do a thorough job . their job seemed hurried . they did n't hang up all my clothes on hangers . they misplaced things . they did a slipshod job like they were throwing things in boxes to get the work done . on top of that , they did not put bedbags on the mattress but came to the storage site and then put the shrink wrap on the mattress . even the shrink wrap on the furniture looked like a shoddy job . not totally wrapped around them . they may be cheap , nice , but the workers seemed inexperienced in my opinion . i 've had better", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unbelievable great customer service . we moved my mother from her home into assisted living . employees on time , work fast , friendly , respectful , they do the job right . prices are fair , middle of scale with all i called for quotes . the best service for your moving needs . i will be using them again , absolutely , positively , without a doubt . what a relief i found a great company for future moves .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid very positive experience . the person on the phone was clear and helpful . the person that came to deliver had a great energy & was fast . they booked me on short notice and excellent price . would use again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the second time i used pearson moving . they are very professional and nice . i would recommend this company to anyone . thanks to pearson moving and there staff , they made my move easy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "conner and gavin just moved my furniture . these gentlemen are two of the most professional and kind-hearted people . they were extremely pleasant , professional and moved quickly and no damage . service with a smile and all around professionals ! ! i will be using this company again ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a fantastic moving company ! it was easy to schedule , they were there on time , they wrapped everything beautifully , they never stopped for a break , and the team was very respectful to my elderly parents who we were moving into assisted living from their home they had been in for the last 23 years . thank you jacob and richie , you guys were awesome ! ! ! pearson moving and company rocks ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far best moving company i 've had the pleasure of dealing with . i hired them because they had the best deal minus all the shady looking companies . 2 bedroom apartment into another 2 2 apt . and they were able to do it in 2 hours flat , not a minute over and not a minute under ! connor and 1 other helper , i wish i got his name to commend him too . to be quite honest , i kind of ca n't wait to move again just so i can be a repeat customer ! thanks pearson moving , will highly recommend to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've used this company a couple of times for local moves and they always provide prompt , friendly , exceptional help . we recommend them to anyone who is moving - they will make your moving day so much easier !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best movers i 've ever had , and i 've had a few ! on time , courteous , quick & careful . could n't have asked for more . much appreciated , fellas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best moving service i have ever worked with . hard working , personable and thorough . it was a pleasure from booking to the follow up call to check in after the move to see if i was satisfied . dylan and jacob were polite and so pleasant . i will recommend these guys as well as the company anytime someone is , looking for moving needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the movers arrived early , we 're incredibly kind , and very fast ! they even offered to help set up my furniture . i 've never had a moving service take this much time and consideration to ensure the customer is 100 % satisfied . everything was seamless and their hard work was a huge relief and left me with absolutely no regrets . i would recommend pearson moving to anybody and everybody ! this will , without a doubt , be the company i will use for every move in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't believe these guys only have 1 review on yelp . the guys were great , got to my house on time and ready to work . prices are very reasonable and customer service is fantastic . we used pearson to move our 3 bedroom town house into a new home about 8 miles away . we used them primarily to move our furniture ( recliner sofas , dining table , matresses , dressers , nightstand etc . and few boxes of other stuff ) . the two guys got the entire job done in less than 3 hours ( loading , driving to my new place and unloading ) . very very efficient . will definitely use them again and recommend to other family friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super experience with pearson ! they unloaded our moving truck in 1 2 day , at a very reasonable price . our crew was lead by hayden , and all 3 guys were great . very professional and careful with our things . i will definitely recommend to my friends and neighbors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clint and gavin were excellent ! they were punctual , friendly and very efficient . they worked an incredible amount of stuff into our truck like a game of tetris.. it was amazing ( and it was 115 degrees outside ! ) i would very highly recommend pearson moving . they made our day so much easier .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really awesome folks from scheduling to completion and billing . they listened to what i needed to do differently when i pointed it out and used their time very efficiently while helping me move . i recommend big time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pearson moving team was so professional . they arrived on time ( actually a little early ) , were courteous and very efficient . for the price i expected some headaches but they turned out to be the best moving crew i have ever hired . i will definitely use them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the guys were fast , thorough , and so friendly ! our whole experience was far beyond our expectations and we saved 100 's of dollars in the process . we highly recommend this company !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pearson moving helped my sister move into her fianc\u00e9 's house and my family could n't have been happier ! from our first call to the office , ( i think we spoke with kyle ) to the end of our move , the staff made sure that our furniture stayed clean and protected , all while being very friendly ( not common with other moving companies . ) would definitely use pearson again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so impressed with this moving company , especially my movers from last weekend , dj and jacob ! ! finished in record time , and they were friendly and professional ! it 's a high recommend from me ! i would use them again in a heartbeat , and have already spread the word about them to others ! thanks guys ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommended ! it was my first time to ask help from a moving co. and kyle and his crews gave me a wonderful experience of moving ! my boyfriend and i live in two different places , but we need move our things into a same storage . the moving team picked up our stuff in two different locations and then drove to the storage , but they had job done very quick ! the price is pretty reasonable and affordable . thanks a lot for pearson team 's professional moving services !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought the 2 guys , will and kevin , were so professional and helpful . will pointed out things i needed to do and not do . they arrived on time , worked quickly , and were thorough . i will use the again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prompt and courteous . were there on time . made sure everything was protected . did n't break anything . gave us good pricing . definitely recommend them for your moving needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've taken my corolla here a few times for repair , mainly due to convenience to work . i get the feeling they overcharge for their service , and lately they have not been very accommodating with pickup times ( end of my workday 5pm is too late ! ) . also , the building is really modern and expensive looking-you are paying for it . anyone know of a good alternative ? ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "like dave , i 've taken my corolla here a few times out of convenience . my usual guy is generally booked well in advance , because he 's awesome , and i get stuck coming here for an oil change , etc . not only are they unhelpful , i 've had my iphone car charger go missing and a greas-y red rag left in my car right after an appointment . do n't they have service quality control ? body repairs are ridiculously expensive ; a new sun visor costs upward of $ 100 + plus labour and wreckers will cost under $ 30 bucks all inclusive . this may be a decent spot for purchasing a toyota , but i would n't recommend this place for repairs and maintenance in a hurry . the only redeeming thing about entrusting your don valley north with your car is the free wifi and the cafeteria while you wait .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a regular 45min oil change was what i came for . sure enough got a call at 45min saying oil change was done and my wind shield wiper and right tail light was out . asked me if i wanted to changed . i agreed . another 40 min goes by and no call back to inform me that my vehicle is ready . i go to counter inquire , and they have misplaced my paper work . 5min go by until they find it . that 's why they did n't call to inform me . i made the mistake of not checking their work . 2 weeks go by and i realise they did n't change my tail light . and makes me wonder if they changed my wind shield wipers . cost 30 dollars more for a service not received . should have listened to my father and always do it yourself .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "mark is the guy you want to see in service . goes above and beyond and helps clients . very sociable ! my car is still at the dealer due to a recall but i 'll update this again when i get my car back . update : faster than expected . also shoutout to don valley north lexus hertz ! you guys are awesome ! big thanks to mark , victor , nobu and all the staff at weins dvnt . 4.5 5 edit april : i called the day of after picking up my vehicle because i saw `` aeroplan '' at the top of my receipt . they added my membership card number immediately . just checked and got the points . 5 5 ( and if you follow me , i rarely rate any company a 5 5 )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i started coming here because of my service advisor , marlon lopez . marlon gave outstanding service and really took care of all his customers , and always was upfront and honest . when he left toyota on the park to come to don valley north myself and like 20-30 other customers started coming here to find him and it 's worth it . you build relationships with him , just like your family doctor or dentist and when you have any trouble he will do a lot to help you out ! ! likes : passion and dedication to customer service , upfront , integrity . dislikes : sometimes the service line up can be long and he 's not in every weekend so call ahead to make arrangements . line ups are usual and typical in every service dealer but you get confortble chairs , free wifi to use and complimentary coffee and newspapers not to mention a free car wash after every service appointment ! ! overall come and see marlon ... many customers appreciate his customer service and he had many thank you cards and gifts from all us loyal customers ! ! steven november 2013", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is usually where i go to get my vehicle serviced . i like their wifi waiting area and shuttle service . the only thing is that they said they would call when my car was ready and did n't . i had to call and check on them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the receptionists are not helpful . i went there to have my car for regular maintenance . when i checked the status after 2hours . the receptionist did n't even know what happened to my car . the moment i gave my key to toyota staff , toyota is now accountable to what ; s going on with my car . if it'sleft unserviced , they should have a process to check . i am totally displeased and will never return to this place.. such a sad thing that it 's a new and nice building , but crappy front liners !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "experienced a body ecu failure in my 6 month old frs series 10 . unfortunately toyota did not stock this part for my particular model . they tried other computers from other more common models with no success but unfortunately mine was unique . i was without my car for 2.5 months . the service manager and my service adviser did an amazing job of taking care of me . they had no control of this issue but they took ownership of the problem and made sure i had a rental and kept me up-to-date with weekly phone calls . dvnt has always treated me well but this was above and beyond what i could have expected . will definitely continue to buy cars from dvnt and have my vehicles serviced with them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3.5 stars brought my car in because it had a recall on the phone they told me it 'd be 1 hour to replace part i came in and went to service centre attendant . he adv it 's going to take 2 hrs when i asked why because they told me 1 hr he said they are very busy ... . when i asked for shuttle they told me to sit in a corner because shuttle is still out 1 shuttle for a 15 000 sq foot facility . and the shuttle does n't run until close only until 5 pm . he adv i 'd need to find my own way back i got home on my own and was called 2 hrs later and advised the car was ready when i went to pick it up it was ready and washed . overall experience was good . very busy location .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice , new and clean . i like this circle k , but all circle k 's lose a star for overcharging for 5 hour energy drinks . also , they charge 75 cents for air . i 'd rather go to qt where the air is free .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love this store . we will always drive out of the way to go here ! ! a huge reason is mike aka bubba ! he is awesome , very friendly and always smiling . all of the staff is friendly and really remember who we are after seeing us . the only down fall i think is that sometimes the syrup of cherry or vanilla is out . but that really does n't change my mind ! we love this store ! ! and love mike ! ! hire more people like him ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the busiest gas station in north phoenix with it being a hit or miss on `` satisfactory '' customer service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my favorite circle k ! the employees are so nice and friendly . they also have fresh brewed iced tea ... which rocks my world !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new circle k format here . they started out great , with staff saying hello like a quik trip . but that has fallen to a lower level recently . if you go late at night , it 's like pulling teeth when the person says hello . i think night staff is more like your standard circle k staff of the older stores . they have a huge selection of beverages here , coffee , slushes , soda , teas , etc . large store , very roomy . well designed gas pumps with 2 pumps per row , easy access in out of driveways , convenient location . i hope they get back to the greeting customers each and every time with an upbeat , energetic tone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish circle k stores would increase their fuel max to $ 100 since my large truck usually uses about $ 80- $ 90 . other than that , this location is larger than most ... i think they are starting to figure out that qt is kicking their rear . i just wish they would figure out a way to take better care of customers like me that probably buy more gas than people that own most cars . guess what guys ! qt lets me fuel up more than $ 75 !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dont go ! terrible experience overall . understaffed . they were out of several things that we wanted . waited an hour to get our food that was n't right . then waited another 20 min for our daughter to have syrup for her pancakes . no refills came and when my husband asked she forgot . we asked to see the manager and she told us he would yell at her and she was n't going to get him . i told her it was n't her fault because they were so understaffed she was spread too thin and i needed to see him . he was not very accommodating and did not do enough to make us satisfied . we have n't been there in years and now we will never go back again . oh ... and i 've been sick all night ... .bonus !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i agree with anthony . from the time you walk in the door . trying to get seated . cold food . took forever . could n't get check . and had to get up and ask waitress for check . guy at cash register did n't want to take our money as he was texting someone . it was the most exasperating dining out experience i can recall . i firmly believe they should terminate everyone on the morning shift and start with green horns from the detention center . the public would be served better . also almost broke a leg as the entrance was sheer ice . i suggest you visit so you will know i 'm not exaggerating .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is normal but my rating is for the poor service . i got here at 12:10 pm and the waitress took the order at 12:20 pm . i ordered an omlette with hash browns and bacon strip . it took them 35 minutes to bring my order just to see they missed my bacon . well we all work and have allocated lunch hours , i was n't able to eat there , packed everything and came to pay the check ( $ 11 ) . i usually tip around $ 5 to the same waitress but given the poor service this time , i tipped her $ 2 . i do n't know if that made her mad , she delayed in giving my receipt back . she just left to kitchen saying someone else will come to give me the receipt . i waited for 3 minutes then another waitress saw me and came to give me the receipt which just needs to clipped from the credit card machine . this is the worst experience i ever had .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst dining experience ever ! we have to wait for our food for 50mins before being told that there is only 1 cook in the kitchen because the other two quit ( no wonder ) ! and the employee are unapologetic . would never visit it again . plus : the interior looks dirty .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "still have no idea what the negative reviews are about . its denny 's . you should know what you are getting into . the food i receive here is what i expect , and the service has been fine . i eat here a couple times a month from times that range from 3 a.m to 1 p.m . i have no problems at all recommending this denney 's location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family & i always have a great time here . we even run into our friends . great spot for a compfy meal . only downside is no wifi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gross . we had kids with us so they put us in a separate room . they were understaffed so it took forever to get our food . it 's denny 's , not a place i would eat , i blame my brother in law lol .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a true classic . whilethe food is borderline horrible , the late night ambiance is unparalleled . at 3 am , you just never know who will be walking thru those doors ... or what 's going on in the bathroom . the crane game is rigged -- but a total blast when leaving . the wait staff makes this place . from aspiring pirates to old war vets , the staff will no doubt make your stay worthwhile . always smiling ... .and pleasantly rude at the same time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i stopped in for her birthday breakfast slam . we think breakfast is denny 's best meal , and we often get the breakfast at other times of the day . but the suprise part for us this day was when a young woman , about 10 yrs old with all smiles , and her father walked up to us and said `` i paid for your meal today '' . what a great surprise for us - she was as delighted as we were .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok ok your probably wondering why someone on the elite squad is bothering to mention dennys . i 'm here to champion something i feel is worth championing . the grand slam breakfast has been around for years and years and yet dennys seems to be shrinking in popularity . there are not many around anywhere . dennys has several versuons of the grand slam . the grand slam slugger is my personal favorite . where here else can you get two eggs cooked anyway you want , two bacon strips , two sausages links , toast , pancakes , a huge glass of juice or v8 plus coffee for 8 bucks ? yes it 's true . this is not a special , it 's on their everyday menu . clean , fast service , no hassle , consistent food and service , reasonably priced . plenty of free parking . i 'd say dennys is poised for a big comeback . next to and in front of kohls .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's pretty alright , just your average denny 's , they seemingly have their shit together now judging from the previous reviews .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "denny 's is the jerry springer of food and has a reputation for lunacy . i use this location as a late-night work spot on the east side . power plugs in every booth and good wifi . staff is professional and efficient . and there are very few crazies that come in . many of the late-night folks come from a later shift at progressive nearby or are regulars . the food is denny 's food . what are you going to do ? but this denny 's is a good choice for a late-night stop . it 's not out of control .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "denny 's tends to be a paradox more and more . as the years go by the food is getting worse and worse . the deep fry things look aged and everything looks an automatic qualifier for a cardiology appointment . but ... very important but ... the majority of the waitresses are really nice , you have free refill on coffee and other soft drinks and the classic diner ambiance you expect from denny 's . if only they could renew the looks and specially the food ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this location has terrible service- super slow and the staff is very abrupt and rude . plus its super annoying that they never have to-go containers . do n't plan on taking leftovers home or ordering anything for pick up . the cleanliness is also an issue for me- bathrooms are gross and i 've never once gotten a table that was n't sticky . i do n't consider myself a food snob- usually i love denny 's . this location is just awful though .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a joke . 25 minutes before someone waited on us . 10 min to get our drinks . over one hour later another table questioned what was taking so long - only to have the `` manager '' cone out with a attitude and said basically tough it 's gon na be another thirty minutes - when i said it was ridiculous her response was oh well and walked away . stay away from this dump . oh and no toilet paper in ladies restroom - guess that does n't matter either . wish i could give zero stars for this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "crappy service , unclean store and why is there ice cream machine always down ? ! and they never seem to have enough people working or a bunch of call offs . i can never just come here , order and have a great time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible service ! waited over one hour for our meal . my food was lukewarm and i froze my butt off waiting to eat . it 's like they put the air conditioning on full blast so that you wo n't stay long , however if they simply got the food and drinks out quickly people could leave faster ! their whole process is a joke ! dennys needs to start hiring people who care about serving and hospitality , otherwise change the theme from `` family friendly '' to `` ass holes on purpose '' so that people know what their getting when they walk in the door !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "open tables and they said there was a 20 minute wait . the host said they were unable to seat us because the kitchen was backed up . we just wanted to be seated and have our coffee -- we would n't even had ordered our food , we just wanted to be seated . not good business practice in my opinion .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a wonderful store ! i stopped in with some friends from out of town and we all had a blast . mixing different scents and trying to reproduce some of our designer favorites was so much fun . i recommend this as an experience , not just a place to buy perfume .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding place both in-person and on line . the ownership management `` smell '' like absolute winners with a well run , well organized , and well trained staff . i was so impressed with their knowledge and effort that i asked the manager to send me a stack of business cards to hand out to my other less than sensitive male friends to get their wife 's a little something as well . great place to order yourself something or do as i am , a stocking stuffer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super cute shop in birkdale ! my fianc\u00e9 hates walking into stores like bath & body works or any `` smelly '' places , but i made him come in with me and he said it did n't give him that nauseating headache most fake perfume places have . the girls working there were super friendly and just let me smell what i wanted to and would ask if i needed help at appropriate times . the interior is beautiful , it makes you feel like you 're in hogwarts with all the glass jars and potions ! you may feel like a bull in a china cabinet if you 're a little clumsy ... just be careful : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to come here occasionally but i will not be back . the service here is n't that great to begin with . even during non busy hours the workers are slow and do not pay much attention so sometimes you really have to wave them down to get their attention ... which is annoying . but i would come back because the food was good . well , things have changed . it seems that the prices are going up for the dishes but the quality of the food is going down . with so much choices out there it 's definitely not worth putting yourself through such crappy service for mediocre food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cockroach in my congee . mediocre service . mediocre chinese food . there are plenty of other places around , surely they are cleaner . if you walk outside of the restaurant , sometimes they keep their side kitchen door open and you can see all the dirty bins and the meats hanging in open air on top of them . gross . gave this restaurant enough chances ; will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place for consistent cantonese food , done fast , done deliciously and for great value . the family is always hitting up this location because it never fails . it 's packed at peak hours with tons of chinese folks . the ultimate seal of approval . noodle soups , rice , congee , all the usual suspects are done well . yes , the service is lacking for typical cauasian standards , but that 's because they are busy and you need to eat and get out . time is money and they know people are busting down the door . another example of the solid gta chinese food scene .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always hits the spot . great soft shell crab . service is n't the friendliest but its fast . you have your most popular honkkong items on the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am from los angeles visiting the toronto area . the surrounding area has lots of competition ( which brings more choices for the customers ) . most of the other places are starting to close down since we came pretty late in the evening . the food here is delicious and it is reasonably priced ( per current us exchange rates which is $ 1 to $ 1.31 ) . the milk tea is good since the tea maintained its temperature as i took my last sip from the cup minutes later . the portion size is decent sized and is authentic hk style food . will definitely come again next time i visit this area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we come here once a year the day we drive up from new jersey to toronto on our yearly trip to canada . why ? my grandma really likes it here . every year i ca n't say i 've been disappointed by the food . the service is always very friendly and the dishes satisfying and delightful . flavors are always very delicate , unlike many chinese restaurants which bombard you with sweetness or sourness . try the jook ( rice porridge ) and noodle dishes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "okay food nothing stood out for me but the decor and plating was nice . they have a handful of dishes you would n't normally find at other restaurants which is great . the prices are average . we had the lo mein , it was okay the soup seemed to be lacking flavor but the toppings ( i had the beef delicacies ) were flavourful and good . the chili oil is soo good though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is a great chinese restaurant for lunch classics like rice and noodle dishes , but it 's especially a great pick for dinner since they have good quality and yummy dishes , plus free dessert soup . i come here when i have a craving for roast pigeon and always leave satisfied . the fried turnip patties are also delicious . the decor is better than average for a chinese place and service is decent . food is consistent and the price is right !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great for noodle and rice dishes . done really well - jook too . fast !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant is beyond 5 stars ! seriously , i hardly give any 5 stars and this is above 5 stars ! i 'm from new york and my cousin brought me here last year in may . i loved it ! i 've been wondering what is the english name of this restaurant . finally , i found it ! : d the `` jah seen lai '' aka fried milk ( literally ) was my favorite ! ! ! ! ! ! ! after i had my first jah seen lai there , i was looking for it in ny . however , the fried milk i had in ny was not as good as the one in keung kee . the fried milk from keung kee was amazing ! ! ! in addition , the drinks were good , too ! i had the red bean + vanilla tapioca . delicious . so thanks to the yelper who reviewed this restaurant first . cuz i would not know the address . i want to come back to this place again ! ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came for a regular dinner . we ordered a clam in spicy wine ( $ 12 ) and a pork chops in sweet and sour sauce ( $ 10 ) . the clam entree was indeed really spicy . the portion was generous . the flavour of pork chop entree was average . the portion was impressive for the price , though . the pork chops were soft and juicy . both dishes went well with white rice . the services was friendly . the decor was contemporary , airy and pleasant . while one of our orders costed only $ 10 , most dinner entrees cost over $ 12 , including vegetarian dishes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after watching the fourth of july fireworks display at the us-canadian border at niagara falls , i came to keung kee , after a 2-hour drive , for a midnight snack . the congee was nice and thick ; it had the right consistency for congee , relatively filling . the fried chicken wings were nice too , they were pretty light and crispy . on a different note , i found the atmosphere to be very fitting for a midnight snack . the music was soft and very pleasant . the waiters , who were ready to go home since it closes at 1 , gave my table a fair amount of attention .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "before my visit to keung kee , i did not have high expectations . my parents have told me that this restaurant was great but i was still skeptical of the quality of food . i decided to give it a try with my friends . arriving at the restaurant , we were seated and the waitress quickly took our order ( see photos of food ) . the food arrived one after another at a decent time . the sweet and sour pork was good but did not 'wow ' me . the vegetables did not have much flavor but maintained a good 'wok hei ' . the white cut chicken was decent and the meat tasted well with the rice and green onion . the tofu and fish in steaming pot did not have flavor and disappointed me . overall , the food was below average . the d\u00e9cor was nice and added a nice ambience when eating . i give this restaurant 3 stars . i recommend this restaurant to people that do not know what to eat for dinner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "well , not all restaurants ca n't be good as others . keung kee used to have an amazing reputation for their food and customer service . but after today , all good things have to come to an end . i was very disappointed with the food quality and service my family received today for our lunch . the food portions were decent , but they were not executed to proper standards . although there was a complimentary drink if you order an item over $ 5.99 before 2:30 p.m. , it was not worth it due to the long wait time for a simple dish like stir fried turnip patties , and honestly , it was the worst one i have eaten in my life . honestly , i would not be returning in the near future unless certain changes are made .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very good ... i am a fan of keung kee ... .they maintain a good quality of food", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came with five others today . four of us decided to share dishes . we got a scrambled egg and beef rice noodle , a preserved meat sticky fried rice , and a plain rice noodle . scrambled egg and beef rice noodle was delicious . portion was large as well . preserved meat sticky fried rice was decent , but the portion was a tad smaller . plain rice noodle is one of their specialties , and as always , it was well done . i love how they serve it with skewers . heads up , the sauce is peanut , not sesame . for the two who chose not to share , i heard the satay beef instant noodle was good , but that the portion was smaller than it used to be . i also heard that the mango milkshake was very mango-y . their teacups are not traditional chinese tea cups . they 're now plastic and citrus colored . they 're lovely pops of color .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stop reading and just go because their food will blow you away . seriously , stop and go in already . i can not describe how excellent their dishes are . i ... just ... ca n't ... . ! ! bonus : they close at 1:30am so that 's definitely worth the rating cuz good food at late hours is hard to find , here here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my fav congee place , place is comfort and clean , deco is morden , service is fast and friendly , menu is clear , food is yummy their chicken congee is the must-try item i have been here more than 15 times and everytime i order smt new- they never disappoint me ! tips : ask them for recommendation and they will give u wonderful advice", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service was really good , was seated and serviced instantly , went around 4pm ish . im not really a fan of this type of food , im more used to `` buffet style '' chinese food . so it would be unfair for me to make any remarks . i had that yellowish chicken that you see in all the pictures and garlic beef on broccoli . i really enjoyed the beef . i wanted to go to mandarin but my chinese friend insisted on here . not a bad experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a very solid 4.5 to 5 star restuarant . service was fast and friendly , food was delicious , and prices are right . i recommend their brand name chicken porridge , mixed cow intestines , and their even their complimentary soup was good . my bf and i went here for dinner , for 60 bucks , we had super delicious super-seized shrimp , noodles , and several other plates . very good food ! if we are ever back in toronto , would go again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "keung kee restaurant is seriously the most overrated places i had ever been too and the reviews here say otherwise . i find it astounding that people think this place is great , sure the food is good but the service is terrible . it took them awhile to get my order and food despite the restaurant looking less busy and they still screwed it up . i had ordered their keung kee chicken congee ( their speciality congee ) and it took them around half a hour to bring it ; seriously congee should be the first thing that they will bring . what 's even worse is that i wanted chinese doughnuts to compliment with the congee but they did n't even bring it until the end when i was full . also they screwed up my order and thought that they are clever enough to add something that i did n't order . horrible service and decent food , the decor may look enticing but do n't go to this restaurant ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the quality of food in this location is not as good as the one in unionville . based on this experience , i will go back to the one in unionville to eat .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went to both locations ( midland finch , kennedy hwy7 ) a few times last month ... my experience were very good , great food and friendly staffs , and the price was very reasonable ... . and most important thing , both places were very clean every time when i visit ... . i hate going into restaurant that is dirty and poor service ! ! anyway , i will recommend this restaurant to my friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always come here for a late night run . this restaurant is usually open until 2am . it has fantastic food for a good deal . the restaurant is very clean and there 's usually room for parties of any size . the menu has a lot of options to choose from so if you 're craving southern asian food , this is a good spot . i usually get a rice , the pepper salt tofu , and a meat dish . the consistency is on point , and the portions or reasonable . the deep fried tofu dish is fantastic . its a great dish and there 's plenty to go around !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they were very generous with their seafood for the seafood congee . the \u6263\u8089 and the eggplant were very nicely done as well . the sweet and sour tilapia was the most upsetting dish out of the eight dishes we had ordered . overall , it 's a `` yes '' from me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "canto food that has enough 'wok hay ' . this place is super tasty and i love the fact that it is both a family style restaurant and 'cha can teng ' ( tea diner ) . this place is 4.5 stars but yelp does n't have this option ... it lost half a star because the signature dish of the keung kee , the chicken congee , is not too flash . check out my food blog on my profile for more detail and photos !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here around 9 pm and waited about 15 minutes for a table . there was a piece of food on the seat and i kindly asked the server to wipe it away before we were seated . she gave me one napkin and told me to do it myself in a rather haughty manner . the typical bad service is just as i remembered ( i hoped things would have improved but guess not ) . i ordered the large seafood congee and both taste and texture were still good . we tried a spicy chilli beef in a wrapped waffle cone shape and it was predominatly cumin , chilli peppers and star anise . the stir fried noodles with beef and veggies was good . not too oily . fried pig intestines were crispy , not overloaded with fat and a decent portion . stir fried bok choy using ginger and garlic was a decent taste , nothing too fancy . overall the food was good and the prices decent but service is sadly lacking like many other restaurants .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "go see zeke . awesome guy , great bartender , fun to be around . always a great attitude ! my favorite place hands down .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our favorite place for breakfast ( usually every saturday morning ) is no longer serving breakfast in the restaurant section , but only in the bar ( smokers , poker and slots ) , so we will no longer be going there for breakfast . very disappointed that this was done .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible customer service . i spend almost $ 350 and the bartender did n't offer a drink . are you guys racist , because i was the only person did n't get a drink . and when i ask for a drink she ignore me wow . i 'm speechless", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to this dentist because i was fairly new in the area and my neighbor got the $ 25 referral incentive . the staff is very nice ; however , i do n't like to say negative things about others even if it is true . i finished my treatment with another dentist who properly diagnosed my gum infection and treated it that same day . i would n't recommend this place to people i care about .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been going to dr baker for over 5 years now . i was content until i started seeing another dentist . there are some procedures that dr b leaves for his assistants that my new dentist actually does himself . also , the office owes me over $ 40 because they over estimated my portion of the payment , which is fine . this happens to all dental offices . my problem is that i received a letter asking how i want this money back - a check or applied towards future procedure . i called back and asked them for a check . it 's been 3 months and i have been following up every month ... still no check !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish that i had not tried this place . i think 5 reasons are enough reasons to never go back . so many problems and frustrations and they never say sorry they just keep charging money . poor professional skills . poor workmanship . poor performance skills . too many errors . save yourself and go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am shocked at the stars and previous reviews that have been left about this office . i have loved impressions dental . the office staff are amazing and knowledgeable and dr baker is about as nice and as good of a dentist as there is . i would recommend this dental office to family , friends , or just anyone that is looking for a new dental experience . most definitely 5 stars in my book !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr baker preformed 2 root canals for me , both came out horrendous . to which he did not fix or take responsibility for . the only recommendation he gave me was to get 4 new crowns put in ! i went to another dentist and they fixed his mistake at zero charge .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been going to this place for 10 plus years . dr. b is awesome , extremely nice and knowledgeable . my hygienist michelle customer service is top notch and she probably the best when giving a cleaning . the ladies up front work with you with scheduling and always make you feel welcome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best dental office i have been too ! ! dr. baker and his staff are truly amazing ! ! the staff is professional and helps me feel at ease in the dental chair . who likes going to a dentist-not many but i enjoy every visit ! ! they are extremely through and check your insurance coverage before any treatment , so i am aware how much the treatment will cost and they have always been 100 % accurate ! ! they offer massage dental chairs , pillows , blankets , water coffee , tv and headphones while having your dental treatment done , so many amenities to help you relax . my family and i will be patients for life ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible office ! hygeneist was unprofessional and rude . she also struggled with tools and was rough .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love impressions dental ! been going here for a few years and they always take great care of me ! i am absolutely terrified of going to the dentist but dr. baker 's hygienist is the best ever ! dr. baker seems busier than ever so he is usually getting rushed around but the ladies in the office really take the time to explain everything to you and make sure that you are at ease .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great dentist dr baker with a tremendous staff from the ladies working the front desk to the excellent professionals who assist in making sure your dental needs are taken care of . my hygienist michelle is super and i 'm appreciative of her dedication to making my visits so pleasant ... ... ... .highly recommend this dentist in south chandler ... ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "once again , i have all high fives for the staff of impressions dental . i came to them with intense mouth pain and was seen right away . my husband even called one evening because the pain was so bad and dr. baker called in meds after hours . katie was very compassionate while taking xrays and assisting with the evaluation . dr. baker as always was kind and explained his procedure and conclusions clearly and answered all my questions . trista at the front desk facilitated my referral to an endodontist and quickly responded to my call questioning whether i should have a second opinion . i may be missing a name here that facilitated my and my husband 's calls so i thank all the staff ! the result was a root canal and i thank impressions dental for promptly being concerned about my pain and moving the process along . when you are in pain , people who care make all the difference !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love impressions dental they always make my teeth look beautiful , everyone makes you feel welcome ! ! ! i would recommend impressions dental ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently dr baker and i decided the best option to replace 4 extremely eroded teeth ( from age and wear ) was to extract them and replace with a permanent bridge . having had no extractions since my wisdom teeth in the 70 's i was very afraid of such a drastic step . i mean they are my teeth and all . dr baker prescribed a sedative beforehand for me and w ocean music playing in my headphones it was all done more quickly than i could have imagined ! a temp bridge was quickly installed and off i went . a very happy client ! another fitting , another mold and i have a delightful smile and teeth that fit and look perfectly normal 5 stars for dr baker and his entire staff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only thing i have tried from this restaurant is the pizza and ziti . pizza was very bland , but not inedible . the baked ziti was absolutely terrible , dry and had no flavor whatsoever . i would not recommend this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "solid . i recommend delivery as i have actually never set foot inside the place . however , i have had delivery now several times and been satisfied every time . i order the super pack for 25 bucks and feed 7+ people . a baked ziti ( really good ) 2 large pizzas ( really good ) 2l of soda and 20 wings ( not as good ) . thats a lot of food for 25 dollars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were the first ones to arrive on a saturday morning at 11am . this was a perfect stop to shake off the cobwebs from a friends wedding the night before . i always enjoy the cheese combo . it 's served with the best fries , coleslaw , and amazing french bread . for those visiting pittsburgh and ft lauderdale , you must give it a try ! after all , it is a pittsburgh staple ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i travel for a living and pittsburgh favorite of mine ! i try to make sure to eat there when i 'm in town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the garlic parm wings and this location did not disappoint once again the food was excellent the service was good except ... if you have leftovers ... we had a table of 6 with an $ 80 bill needing a box for pizza , fries , and 1 2 of a sandwich ... our server brought the box for the pizza and 2 pieces of paper for me to wrap a wet sandwich in . i asked what the paper was she said `` that 's for your take home sandwich '' `` ask my manager , that 's what you get now '' ... disappointing if that 's the case , they do have boxes available if you push back . i go out to eat to keep things simple , last thing i want to do is origami my food container .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ca n't stop coming here ! so freaking good . they 're tots are so addicting and the service is so welcoming , friendly and attentive . my kids love primanti 's ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we come here all the time food is always amazing they are kid friendly which as a mom is the best part an the staff is always happy to be there an just really nice people", "score": "5"}
{"review": "want to gain 2 lbs just by eating a sandwich , here you go ! stay skinny and good looking pittsburg , or not !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "primantis is a must for a pittsburgh born and raised at least once a month . also the service is always fast and good . the beer is always cold and reasonable . try the pastrami egg and cheese .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "only good after you go to the bar . sober it sucks . drunk it 's great", "score": "2"}
{"review": "also ich war von dem kompletten konzept der sae restlos begeistert . ich habe da studiert und war immer sehr zufrieden mit dem angebot . die dozenten sind kompetent und die betreuer ( supervisor ) waren immer hilfsbereit und nett . ich kann auch die meinung des mannes ganz unten nicht teilen . bei mir haben sie sich nach meinem interessensbekunden sofort gemeldet . es ist ja auch ein privates ausbildungsinstitut.. da w\u00e4ren die ja auch leichtsinnig , das nicht zu tun . das konzept der sae beschreibt sich auch sehr leicht . learning by doing . man bekommt eine fundierte theorieausbildung , die sich im rahmen h\u00e4lt , um den rest muss man sich selbst k\u00fcmmern , hat aber vor ort auch alle m\u00f6glichkeiten dazu . wenn man da halbwegs anst\u00e4ndig arbeitet , bekommt man eine verdammt gute ausbildung vor ort . ausserdem habe ich seither viele kontakte \u00fcber die ich mich sehr freue und die mir bisher immer sehr n\u00fctzlich waren . ich kann das studium an der sae jedem empfehlen , der sich nicht zu schade ist , selbst was zu arbeiten . alles in allem.. klasse institut !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ich finde es ein bi\u00dfchen schade , dass die sae sich nie nach meiner anfrage gemeldet hat , da wir gerne als audioproduktionsfirma gemeinsam mit den sch\u00fclern studenten der sae unser projekt verwirklicht h\u00e4tten . ansonsten sah das immer sehr interessant aus , was die so auf dem medientagen im r\u00f6merkastell vorgestellt haben . selber habe ich die schule nie besucht .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent service ! they were able to hook us up with an awesome turntable with all the audio equipment and stereos for a very reasonable price . we thought we may have to go shop at different places afterwards to get everything we need , but we were in and out with all our purchases from one place . they offered help with anything if we had any difficulties and provided plenty of information to help us pick out the perfect system for us . i highly recommend going here for your audio equipment purchases or repairs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great find ... stopped in to find some new vinyl at jerry 's , looked in at galaxie.. blast from the past . walked away with a set of kenwood kl-660 's .. got home , plugged them into my nad amp , great sound ! vince was amazing ... super knowledgeable ... tried out some different receivers and speakers .. ca n't wait to go back . building a vintage stereo system to listen to old vinyl and some new stuff . glad he 's here in the burgh", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing place . the craftsmen who work here can fix anything , hence the wide variety of players they sell , plus cool , modern stuff like this crosley i just bought from them ( http : www.crosleyradio.com product.aspx ? pid=1686 ) . i feel really good about how they 'll stand behind everything they sell maintenance-wise 100 % . highly recommend this shop to anyone , even someone who has never owned a record player before ( like me ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just love supporting the small businesses in pittsburgh . just got another record player for $ 70.00 here , and it sounds wonderful . the record store ( jerry 's records ) was giving away box 's of records at the bottom of the stairs . but you have to take the whole box . ( 100 or so records per box ) i found a few gem 's ... ..king crimson , cream , almond brothers , traffic and groove holmes just to name a few .. i even got a mister rogers lp ! ... .not great condition , but i will be playing them on my new record player . both places have very friendly and knowledgeable staff.. prices are cheap .if you have some time to kill , you have to pay these guys a visit . now i got ta go get some pizza & beer so i can play my records .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited galaxie , atlas , vintage hi-fi ( after i finally found it ) , and phils tv to get an idea where i was going to bring my vintage pioneer sx-1980 monster receiver to get some much needed attention . i ended up bringing it to galaxie . there were some things about the other places that just did not `` click '' with me . it took about 1 month for vince to email me and say it was ready to be picked up . i was not in a hurry and wanted him to take his time on it and do it right . well , i picked it up last week and i am happy . everything now works on it and it was done for a reasonable price relative to the value of the unit . thank you very much ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i brought a stereo speaker in to have a woofer replaced . he had the job done within a day or two and did n't even charge me ! it goes without saying that i had a great experience at galaxie . i would definitely go back if i ever need a more involved repair or am in the market for some stereo equipment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a special request for galaxie , i wanted them to eliminate the beeping sound and bright light from my air purifier . galaxie made the changes within hours , and i picked it up same day . excellent and friendly service , high quality and dependable work . i would definitely go back there and i highly recommend galaxie . they care about their customers and they care about providing a high level of quality service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "galaxie provides everything you could hope for in a business transaction : 1 . locally-owned 2 . good communication : when my item was ready to pick up , i received a voicemail message including the price of the repair , galaxie 's hours , and contact information . 3 . affordable : my touch-sensitive lamp turned on when plugged in , but the touch sensitivity no longer worked . i had called another repair shop before trying galaxie , but it was unable to fix that type of problem . galaxie repaired it within a week or two for a whopping $ 10 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the second time i turned to vince to fix my hand-me-down record player . the first time he needed to keep it a couple days to fix it , but it was back in no time and as good as new . this time , after a moving mishap sent me back to the store , he was able to fix it right away and i left with a working record player in minutes . unreal . he 's so nice and knowledgeable , and not a bit cocky or intimidating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after getting burned by atlas audio , it was refreshing to take my tape duplicator here . the thing just needed a little tlc , and vince was just the man to service it . he located the problem ( which was not what the chumps at atlas had said it was ) fixed it quickly , and provided the service at a reasonable price . he was very informative , and did n't seem burdened when i asked questions . all in all , a great experience . hope i do n't have to get this thing fixed again any time soon , but when if i do , i 'll be going back to galaxie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only place i would go for all of my electronics repairs . not only does vince do a great job , he charges the most reasonable prices . never been to a more trustworthy repair shop . and the location 's great too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gave this place a number of tries . i have bought two turntables here and one cheap receiver . the receiver broke literally the moment i plugged it in . no big deal it cost around $ 15-20 and was very low end . two other turntables i bought stopped working within a month of purchase ... not belts ... not needles , these were replaced and they still do not function . when i bought the last one i asked what his return policy was because of my previous issues ... he sort of chuckled and just assured me it worked . i got burned three times and i will not be back . buyer beware .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they fixed my 1970s technics receiver , and it works like new . i did n't think parts would even be available . and the price was right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vince did a fantastic job cleaning up and repairing my mothers turntable for me . planning to pick up a new amp from him in the near future and maybe having him work tl1200 too . they also have great prices for sleeves and slips too . have bought a few hundred over the past few years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed to find an honest , reliable and competent person to refoam my 35+ yr old speakers . i am so pleased that i found vince and galaxie electronics . he did a truly excellent job in a timely manner . he also completely checked them out to see if there could be any other issues . vince did such a fine job , so i also asked him to check out my pioneer receiver and turntable . i then asked him to refurbish my reel-to-reel tape recorder . all of the work was expertly done and the price was reasonable . i highly recommend vince and galaxie electronics . i would not hesitate to have him repair anything . i am so glad that i found this place ! and it 's also great to check out all the vinyl at jerry 's records while you 're there . they have everything you need .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my carpets were in bad shape.. 2 cats , one who has some digestive issues , plus a lot of wear and tear had them looking pretty terrible . even the last carpet cleaning service i 'd had did n't get out the stains . however , dial carpet cleaning did the trick ! they were extremely professional , and i appreciated the text notification when the service person was en route . not only was he on time , my carpets were cleaned well , and he worked quickly and efficiently . they even send a thank you card in the mail , which i thought was a nice touch . my carpets look almost brand new , they smelled great when he finished , and the cats ( and i ) were very happy . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service from dial was excellent ! the technician , channing , was extremely professional and i was alerted that he was on his way . he did a fantastic job and was very friendly . the tile and grout looks amazing and is glowing ! ! thank you channing and dial !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this guys are professional . they came on short notice right on promised time . my tennants left the carpet very dirty . jossey went above and beyond to clean the carpets and also the tile in the kithcen . there were no surprise charges . i paid $ 99 for the whole house . i am very satisfied and i recomend them . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company completely exceeded expectations ! i own a house in vegas and since i 'm not out there too often i didnt realize how long it had been since my carpets were cleaned ! about 3 years : s i honestly just went through yelp & trusted the reviews . the woman who helped me over the phone was super friendly and knowledgable ... when it came to my technician he was absolutely efficient and thorough . my carpets ended up looking awesome and for the price it is totally a deal ! all done in under 2 1 2 hours !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dial carpet cleaning did a fantastic job on my carpets . they were easy to schedule with and gave me a 3 hour time slot . i was notified by text when they were on their way . jose was very friendly and professional and showed up on time . he was able to clean both upstairs and downstairs along with the steps in under 1-1 2 hours . jose also cleaned off the tile around the carpeted areas so the tile was not wet or dirty when he left . i would highly recommend dial carpet cleaning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off , i want to say i am a very happy customer ! ! ! my technician ken arrived on time and was very professional . he helped me move two pieces of furniture that i could n't lift myself . i rent a condo and the carpets are cleaner then they were when i moved in . i was a little worried about the high traffic areas at first because my brother likes to sneak and wear his shoes in the house but ken did an awesome job ! i will for sure continue using their services and let everyone else know how great my carpets came out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dial carpet cleaning cleaned 3 rooms for me at a reasonable price . they were professional and the carpets looked fantastic . i was disappointed that they were late showing up for my appointment . i was scheduled 10 to 12 . i got a call at 10 stating they were delayed and would arrive at 12:30 . ( i did appreciate being notified ) however they did n't arrive until 1:30 . i was a bit annoyed that i spent 1 2 a day waiting .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i live in the bay area but have a few rental properties in las vegas . last month one of them was left in horrible shape by the tenants . not being from the area a friend suggested a referral company that screens companies , lets you post your project and then receive multiple bids . i picked dial carpet cleaning because of their low price and no hidden fees policy , but i was pleasantly surprised when i saw the amazing job they had done on my carpets for such a small amount . unfortunately , i have become accustom to companies doing the bare minimum and it was nice to see one that over delivered for a change , which is why i took the time to write this long review to recommend dial carpet cleaning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "again great service ! ! i had my up stairs carpets cleaned and my stairs and they look brand new . i was called 15 minutes before the service guy arrived and he was right on time . he was efficient yet swift . my carpets were finished in a little less then 2 hours . recommend this company to everyone ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome service . alex was very knowledgeable and helped with all my needs . will use for all carpet cleaning both personal and business needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my sofa , love seat , and four fabric dining chairs cleaned by dial and i am very satisfied with the results . they look brand new and the technician was very professional and fast . i am very happy to find a carpet cleaning company that does n't price haggle . the price i was told over the phone is the price i paid . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my washer hose failed and i had minor flooding in the laundry and adjacent rooms . i found pinnacle from a google search and they arrived within 1-2 hours and got right to work . they were courteous and professional . they removed the water in a timely manner and my drywall did not have to be replaced which was great . the contractors later said they did not do a good job of removing the baseboards and may have even caused very minor damage so i took off one star . otherwise great job ! ! by the way i can not comment on their pricing because my homeowners insurance covered their services and i never saw their bill", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these guys are awesome and i highly recommend them . we are doing renovations on a home we just bought including drywall , countertops , cabinets , tiling , etc . they do it all and do it to perfection . they have a great team who are really easy to work with and are all good people . their prices are extremely fair and they do n't compromise for quality . an easy 5 out of 5 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they did the water cleanup and mold cleanup quickly and reconstructed the bathroom and den just like we wanted them to and did n't charge an arm and leg . we would hire them again ! ! thanks ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "would definitely recommend pinnacle restorations . i hired them to remove tile and install engineered hardwood in all my bathrooms . from the owners visit to review the job and give me a quote , to the final day of install with pete , it was an easy process . they were always on time , we 're very respectful and professional , and my floors look wonderful ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great job pinnacle did on sheet rocking our ceiling . abraham was the best and did a great job . this company is good ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my lexus shut down just after getting off the freeway from so cal . aaa driver recommended this place , where i could probably have it repaired the next day , friday . nachos diagnosed a leaking water pump , and got it done by 2:00 on friday at a very reasonable price . very happy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are the sh t ! highly recommended ! i drove into vegas thursday , my clutch gave out on friday , googled for nearest mechanic body shop to tow and diagnose my car . very accommodating . they were able to get my car , diagnose it , get the parts , worked overtime just to replace my clutch and have it ready by noon the next day ! ! i do n't kno anyone else being able to do that next day service , but i needed my car by sunday because of work ! so price was worth it and like i said , they will work with you . thank you guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed a new battery nacho took care of it , humberto installed it . all done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nacho to the rescue ! the ac for our 20 year old passenger van quit working on our drive up to vegas from san diego with our gymnastics team . the return trip forecasted even hotter weather so getting it fixed was a must . we tried our best sunday to no avail . called nacho first thing monday morning and he took the van right away . replaced a fuse for free , unrelated issue , explained hat could be wrong with the ac very clearly . he was personable , knowledgeable , and i felt he was trustworthy . 45 minutes later our van 's ac was charged and running like a champ ! the drive home was much more comfortable than it would 've been ! if i am in vegas again with car issues i know where i will go and even refer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very happy i brought my 5.3 v8 chevy suburban to him while in vegas to have my radiator replaced . it was great price , service and timely repair took the time he quoted ... . he warranties all parts and labor , highly recommend nacho to everyone", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this auto repair shop is a hidden gem ! the location is n't ideal but the services provided are superb . ignacio ( nacho the owner ) is very humble and takes pride on how he treats his customer . he goes above and beyond and checks for anything else that might need your attention while servicing your vehicle . he 'll explain to you what 's urgent and what can wait , along with other options that you might be interested in . my boyfriend has used him for 3 vehicles over the years . anyone looking for an honest mechanic should check him out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife 's radiator gave out on the freeway on the way home from work late at night . i had it towed to nacho 's the next morning and had the radiator and both hoses replaced in under two hours . what a life saver . fair prices and superior work . i would n't trust anyone else with my cars . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nacho goes above and beyond to service his customers . he provides polite and honest service at a reasonable price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the alternator on my 2004 lexus rx 330 went out friday night . i was referred to nacho saturday morning and he had it fixed by that afternoon . nacho did good work , really reasonable price and did it for what he quoted . he 'll give you a free tow and ride home , if you need it . he did n't try to upsell me or bs me on anything else . i 'm bringing my 1999 ford expedition for a new transmission next , i 'll let you know how that goes but this has been a really good experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think frank has to be one of the best mechanics in town , he is honest , hard-working , super quick , and his prices are very fair . i do not think there is a better shop in town for those on a budget to get their repairs done . i will only go here from now on , and only recommend cool cat auto for their friendly fast service and efficient repairs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent work . problems get fixed right the first time , and they do n't break the bank .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "frank is so honest and does great work . i have been there several times now with three different vehicles and the quality of work ca n't be beat . i was recovering from foot surgery and barely able to get back and forth from work so the logistics of getting my car repaired was difficult . he went the extra mile and had one of his mechanics pick up and drop off my car ! a quality job from a person on quality-ca n't do better than that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been using this shop for over 5-years and the customer service does not get any better than frank 's ! his prices are the best and he is always fast , i can easily say i do not go anywhere else with my import or domestic truck or cars ! thank you frank !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will start by saying i drive over an hour to get to this shop . the building is older but shop is clean and organized . the owner frank is honest . his prices are very fair . i have never been upsold . recently i went to the dealer to look at my vehicle . my estimate was over $ 1,200 . my final bill at cool cat was $ 485 . frank told me that many of the items on the dealer list was not needed . they even changed my oil for me with no charge . the drive for me is worth the honesty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "frankie is the best ... .his staff exceptional , i bring my vehicles 23 miles one way ... .trust is a word you do n't hear enough of ... i trust frankie and the staff @ cool cat auto repair ... ron ( scottsdale )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool cat auto has moved to a larger location 6348 n 27th ave suite b , phoenix , az 85017 . located on the corner of 27th ave and maryland .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "again i find myself at cool cats auto with frank and beto , this time my transmission was acting up . frank immediately told me that the do n't rebuild tranny 's and referred me to a shop they deal with . come to find out it was just the digital sensor ( thank god ) and cool cats was more then willing to help . as matter of fact they were able to do the repair the same day i stopped in to let them know the diagnosis . better yet they did the repair for much cheaper then i was quoted from the tranny shop . i ca n't express enough how friendly , helpful , and talented they are at this shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not typically a fan of mall salons but after finding kayla at tonyc in sherway gardens , i 'm never going anywhere else . i like to change up my hair color and style and can be pretty picky and kayla takes the time to understand what i want and give her recommendation . i 've never been disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kayla is the girl you want . when i was going blonde ( from brunette ) kayla understood my fine hair and made the highlights so natural and so fine . then when i went the opposite ( blonde to brunette ) she made sure the process was so easy . i feel safe with this girl , and i am so picky with my hair . i have been all over the gta . even to more expensive salons in bloor west . i would recommend this gal to anyone ... and have !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i saw hamid at tonyc . he was excellent ! he listened to exactly what i wanted and i went from black hair and wanted blonde . i went in with hopes for blonde and he gave me exactly that . he worked magic . he offered me a drink and was so nice i will definitely go back to him . i am so in love with my hair !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being a mall salon , i did n't have high expectations for this place going in . my stylist was friendly and did a pretty good cut and style . what was missing from this place was the `` extras '' that i expect from a salon of these prices - i was not offered a drink , the stylist abruptly walked to the cash when she was done cutting my hair instead of helping me to disrobe , and just seemed to be more concerned about making sales rather than building a guest connection . of course , when it came time to pay , the price was higher than what was communicated on the phone when i made the appointment . this often happens at salons like this , so i would be careful to make sure if you are at all concerned about price . compared to the other mall chains eg . donato 's and fiorio , this place falls a little short . i probably would n't go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tonyc is a great salon . the staff and owners treat you well . it 's a nice environment . we travel all the way from the beaches to see kayla . she is great . she takes the time to listen and understand .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had one of the best experiences at tonyc sherway . this was my first time getting my hair done at this salon and with the amazing service i received today , i 'll definitely be back . cherry gave me exactly what i wanted ( bright red hair ) and explained everything she was doing to my hair throughout the process . she checked in on me regularly and made me feel extremely comfortable . definitely recommend coming here and asking for cherry ... she 'll make your hair dreams come true !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tonyc is the ultimate salon. , from the time you walk through the doors you are treated with kindness.the owner luca and his brother are talented creative stylists who are up on the best & latest products . cherry is my stylist who i love she is amazing . i have recommended this salon to all my family & friends . i 'm very fussy and they always make me more then happy ! from the lovely shampoo & head massage ... ..the beautiful colour cut & style i could n't be happier . thank you tonyc", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i write this review about how good james was during my time at tonyc . i have n't been to a salon in ages so i figured it was time to try it out again . i got colour and cut done . james really listened to what i wanted in my hair and really pulled through ! my hair tends to be thick and i constantly needed to get it thinned out . i loved the colour in my hair , it was not a drastic change but i loved it . he was wonderful to talk to and i 'm really shy and awkward . he made me feel comfortable with the choices i was making with my hair . i will definitely go back to him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rachel , our server , is a historian . and she 's historically accurate , which is to say , she 's the reason we now dine here on the blood of enemies after our hockey games instead of four peaks . pete , one of the other servers , accused her faking the other reviews about this place for her benefit . well , it 's true , i am rachel and i have obtained elite status as richard z , brad e and dallas g for the purpose of self promoting . it 's taken me two years but it was well worth it . meanwhile , the veggie burger is good , the onion rings are as well , and the wii and the $ 60,000 live action video game system make me stay for more abuse from richie z. brad e beat me really hard in a sword fight last week as well . it 's good . if you 're here , eat here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is nothing to write home about . i 've had the burger and the reuben which were just ok for me . probably the best item that i have had was the pretzel . the servers seem to be attentive , so they have that going for them . the views of the skating hockey rink from the restaurant is fabulous . the restaurant is decorated with a hockey theme as all of the nhl team banners are on display . they show live and taped hockey games on the tv . it 's a great place to cool off on a hot summer day . the phoenix coyotes also practice here as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place sucks . the waitress is really rude and wont give you water unless you eat food . my friend and i went there after a public skate and he ordered a burger and the waitress charged us $ 21 . the waitress seemed like she did n't want to be there and i went there yesterday and she was 10 feet away from me and was mad because i asked for a menu so i just got up and left also she would n't give me a water when i asked for one which seems very rude . i have been to 18 degrees many times and the food is decent but this waitress is rude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok , this place is totally cool , regardless ! to be truthful , i only had an appetizer and beer when here , and i ate at the bar , so my service was terrific . but ... i could n't get over how cool it was to watch the ice from inside the restaurant ! ! ! this is a great place for a casual ( albeit , very casual ) date . and , um , for my single sisters , where do you think you will find men ? ca n't wait to try it again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't like to give bad reviews but 18 degrees had some of the worst service i 've ever had . no greetings from the hostess , a horrendous server and the food was average and overpriced . to go in and have a drink by an ice rink , it 's perfectly fine but do n't expect a good dinner .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been here a few times ... . and it has been ok each visit . we have used groupon like deals on two of our visits . stay away from this place on tuesday nights it 's kids eat free night ... and this place is an absolute zoo ... . especially if you are not into having kids running all around you while trying to relax after work . the food is ok . i like this place because there are not many casual places in the area ( with the exception of the temple bar down the street ) . i also like sitting and watching the hockey teams play . they have large windows that look right out over the ice . service was always good . prices are reasonable . and try the fresh bavarian pretzel appetizers ! yum !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow ! the food arrived before i could even finish checking in on yelp . the fries are just what i like and the turkey avocado sandwich with bacon is excellent ! ! it 's not loaded down with greasy mayo or sauces , just simple and fresh and delicious . and sara is the kind of server everyone would hope to have : ) . great experience . even watching the playoff game while enjoying the meal . good stuff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very quick to get our food , food tasted delicious ! ! got the southwest turkey sandwich . so great ! the only down side was we barely saw our server ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible ! had the happy hour nachos . the cheese tasted like old plastic and smelled like vomit ! absolutely disgusting ! i would never eat here again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we found this place via living social last year . since it 's located inside the ice den , an ice skating rink , there 's no way we 'd stumble across this place . it 's a pretty cool place to grab a bite to eat , drink , and watch sports . there 's plenty of tv 's and the booths have small , private tv 's that you can control the channel selection ... .perfect for watching a game ! every time we come here , i get the appetizer platter ( onion rings , chicken fingers , potato skins , quesadillas ) , $ 12.50 . http : www.yelp.com biz_photos 18-degrees-scottsdale ? select=vrtkmnvl__fbiocquv537g # vrtkmnvl__fbiocquv537g it 's a large portion of food , so plan on sharing if you order it . the platter is delish for bar food . they have drink specials and happy hour too , good stuff . return factor - 80 %", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been here a few times . they do a decent job with their food . i have only had their hamburgers wings and sandwiches . decent place to watch some sports as well . plus you can always watch the hockey rink", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was at the rink scouting all day and was probably the last customer of the night . hadnt eaten all day and ordered a cheesesteak at 9:40 . well they bring it out and the sandwich is smashed upside down on the plate . real nice . a big f u from the cook right . the waitress did take it off the check which was nice . i would never ever come back after getting treated like that . was such an obvious f u . nice way to end my day .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it was a good time to go around 1:45 or so when we got there . not many people there , great view inside ice den watching people do triple axles and such . waitress helped us right away and very nice looking i must say . food came fairly quickly was hot and delicious ! i had the bbq bacon burger with jalape\u00f1os and onion rings . i 'd say probably a good tie for the best burger i ever had , i 'm still partial to the burger shop . restaurant is a great place for happy hour and the prices are way affordable , not to mention one of the cleanest looking restaurants i 've ever seen . i definitely recommend 18 degrees for food , fun and excitement !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is just ok , average bar food . stick to appetizers and beer , and enjoy watching the hockey .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "omg ! went to a business luncheon here in the `` warming room '' . i literally had to stop on the way home and buy some real food to eat . the worst chicken breast i 've ever had in the most tasteless sauce i 've ever had . the chicken was full of gristle and was as tough as the bottom of my shoe . boring iceberg lettuce salad with generic salad dressings . steamed mixed vegetables in a strong herb sauce . egg rolls . nasty food ! wow , and for that i paid my group $ 25 ? ! why is it that these restaurants that host groups ca n't serve decent catered food , and why is it that the catered food in no way resembles what they actually have on their menu ? ? ? i wo n't be back . yuk .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been here a few times and most times decent to good service . last time i was there i had the best burger i have had in a long time . great flavor ! good bar atmosphere and really nice to walk hockey or lacrosse at the same time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i enjoy this place for what it its , always a good time . we spend many weekend evenings here as my kids love to ice skate . the hot wings are a staple to me . we were not crazy about the type a cheese used on the nachos . the white pizza and club are a hit for my wife . kids enjoy the cheese burger and fries . service is always with a smile . great place to have a casual date night with the kids near by with the right price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we dine here often . my husband is a wings man and we meet friends and order their pitcher and wings deal . massive plate of wings and a pitcher of beer on tap , we usually go kilt lifter . the wings are hands down the best hotwings in the valley and we 've been to the top 5 listed on yelp , these are better . there strawberry shortcake is also amazing ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food could n't overcome the bad service . no one to greet us at the door , but no sign to seat ourselves . one person walked by with no acknowledgment . second person said hey 'd be with us , but then said to just sit anywhere we want . took at least 10 minutes for someone to take out drink order , even thought servers were serving the table beside us . there were about 3-4 tables in the restaurant , including us , and 3 servers , plus a woman who must have been the manager . she also walked by us without asking if we needed anything or if everything was ok . so , we got our drinks and waited another 10 minutes to order . one person needed sweetener for their ice tea and the server forgot , it took 20 minutes to ask someone again and get some . had to ask for forks & knives to eat , and salt . it was a painful dining experience . i did like the food , but it was not worth the hassle to get it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i spent the entire weekend at the rink for the turkey shoot tournament . this is our third year at the tournament and each year , 18 degrees proves to be such a great additive to the ice rink . throughout the weekend , we had our team pizza party , happy hour in the bar , the breakfast buffet and football on the couch . all the service i experienced was amazing . the feel of the restaurant is warm and homey . each booth has their own tv for whatever sport , or cartoon , you want . the quality of food is good . nothing to write home about but amazing for an ice rink . the prices are affordable . i recommend visiting 18 degrees if you have time to spare at the rink .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "coyotes fans do not support 18 degrees neighborhood grill . tonight members of our pack were told to quit cheering for the yotes because they 're leaving to quebec . when she argued backed , she was called a bi h and told to leave . how can you call your self home of the coyotes viewing party ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place was very mediocre , very ! the food was blah and the place was not bustling . eventually had to go track down the waitress and get our tab ... glad to see others had a better time ... ... ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went to this little place on groupon , not one person working sunday night could even smile . not even the bartender . she was frowning so hard it looked like a upside down smile . our server and the rest the staff does n't seen to appreciate having a job . the food was decent bar food but due to the severs and staff i will go tip and be in a place that appreciates your business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service , always greeted with a smile . ask to sit in jason 's section if you go !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the location is great . fresh brew iced tea would be welcome . the menu is fine , but i think that they could review what is on it and see what could be tweaked , improved or refined .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food , service is generally good but can be suspect depending on who you get . my wife and i enjoy that we can watch our kids ice skate while we enjoy some cold ones and apps in the restaurant as they have two huge windows over looking the ice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hubz had a groupon . he had a bacon cheeseburger and green chili mac and cheese . i had the turkey wrap and green beans . food was fresh and tasty ! our waitress was disinterested but this place is attached to an ice skating rink so she probably is used to parents coming in for just a drink or snack while waiting for their kids . it was fun to watch the ice skaters !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "horray for hockey . it 's unfortunate that beyond the tv 's to watch the games this place fails both on food and beer . they share a kitchen with over easy so i know that the kitchen can produce great food however the menu is horrific . someone needs to step into this century . the beer menu is also pretty pathetic . you would think that a place in north scottsdale would realize that people will pay more for good beer and that there is more to beer than just coors light . i give it two stars one for the tv 's and one for the friendly waitress .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i like 18 degrees a lot , and bonus that it 's close to home . the food is nothing spectacular , but they do n't promise to be a gourmet eatery ; they 're a sports bar ! you 're mostly going there for a drink , appetizer , and to watch the people skate , since you ca n't do that at very many other places across town . the service is always above par and the food is pretty tasty . we 'll def . go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just your standard sports bar ... with glass walls so you can watch what takes place on the rink ! the food is all right , but the experience is truly what makes this place special .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "eh . if you 're at the ice den - no harm , no foul . otherwise - limited menu , over priced , average execution ; if these are scratch made fresh cut fries - someone forgot to add the flavor . there are many other sports bars nearby that do it better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing place to relax and grab a bite drink while the kids are skating . the bartender is always on top of things . there are so many tv 's and they have every sports game on . happy hour specials every day as well as daily specials .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to have beer , bar food and watch a game. ! there are plenty of screens to watch your favorite hockey game or another sport ( if you can convince them to change the channel . there is a good selection of beers including selections from canada and also local craft beers . the food is ok , but what do you expect from a sports bar ? the staff is friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok , so we were trying to go to overeasy and didnt realize that the hours were different in scottsdale and phoenix . soooo , we just wanted anyplace to eat and since this was next door , we settled . but , i got ta say , we were surprised . both of us were happy with our sandwiches and the sides ( i had roasted potatoes , he had green chile mac n cheese ) were great ! i was pretty happy that we made the mistake on hours and ended up here . if i lived in scottsdale , im sure i would come here lots to watch hockey and have a good bite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ordered the california burger and mushroom burger . burgers were good qaulity . the bacon was real dry and crunchy which made it seem like it was precooked . onion rings were very good . best part of the meal was very funny and one of those momments you have to say did that really just happen . i asked the waitress to wipe down our counter table and she brought dry napkins and wiped it a little which did nothing and then she looked at me like all done . we could not stop laughing as i put some of my water on the table and cleanned it off with the napkins she left behind . she seemed like she was new .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tasty big ol ' burgers . ( you could probably share if you 're not a big eater . ) good , crispy fries . the kids ' pizza is super cheesy - be careful with little ones so they do n't choke . located inside the ice den , you can take a break from skating to eat here without removing your skates . lots of sports viewing options on multiple tvs . full bar .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is total ice palace ... ... so it is a great place in the summer . really ... .if i lived closer , i would just sit here all day and order h2o . i came here with a girlfriend only because she had a gift card . it is kinda of cool you can watch hockey practice here . it is a total sports bar so the set up with tvs , i really liked . i notice the booths had their own tvs ... that is really a nice setup ! anyhow , we had salads ... .not a specialty place for that kind of food ... ... this place is all fries , onion rings and burgers . our salads were bland but for 9-10 bucks ... .get the burgers ! we were out of our element but we had 50 bucks to spend ! what 's a girl to do ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not very good . typical fried bar food . ordered a southwest burger and asked for it medium well . middle of the burger was very pink . ended up throwing some of it out . the chips were just okay . it 's not the worst food ever , but it 's certainly not great .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ate there a few months ago and got the worst food poisoning i have ever had . i used to go daily because of how close it is to my office but it really messed me up and i would never go back ! service was always sub par and the food was just okay ! hope this helps others !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food gets zero stars , but the service was great and it was neat to look at the ice rink .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "18degrees - go here if you want to be surrounded by annoying scottsdale hockey moms who think they are still 23 and their husband who had their balls taken away 15 years ago . the only reason i would drink more here is to drown out my desire to punch someone in the face . do n't go here unless you 're `` diva-licious shopping whorish type '' who likes botox , fake faces and fucking your sons teammates husband . the only thing they have going for them is molson on tap . but unless they start serving that to me in my own personal pool - i ca n't be drunk enough to ever drink here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i were n't held hostage at hockey lessons twice a week , i 'd never eat at 18 degrees . the staff is friendly but food is very mediocre and overpriced for the taste ... and i 've been coming here for years so i 've tried just about everything . the wings , if ordered well done , and the mac & cheese are good though . no complaints about over easy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had a groupon and decided to give it a try for lunch . i got a swiss cheeseburger with fries and ice tea , while my wife went with a veggie pizza and rootbeer . the burger was great , as was the fries and ice tea . my wife could not stop raving about how fantastic her pizza was , she said it was the best she has ever had . i took a bite of it and almost wanted to take the rest away from her and eat it ! it was n't the best pizza i had ever had but in the top 3 , maybe even the top 2 . great service too . we will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "false advertisement ! website says open until 11pm and the truth is ... they are only open until the ice is open .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this has the potential to be a nice place . first , they need a hostesses . you walk in and nobody greets you . you even think you may have walked in through a wrong door . i . watched at least 5 customers ask the bartender how they get seated . 2 . hire people that want to work there . unemployment is at 4.9 % but i 'm sure you can still find qualified people to be servers and bartenders in the valley . 3 . layout of the place sucks . you have an entrance from the ice den and the street . both create traffic right through the center of the restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came in so my kiddo could skate and i could just watch front the comfort of the bar . service was non existent . the waitresses walked past me about 10 times ... . never even making eye contact . i had to go to the bar to get a drink twice . the bartender was speedy and friendly ! it 's annoying and frustrating to be ignored . tips are earned .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent bar food and nice fast service ! the perfect getaway in scottsdale during those hot summers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i use to love this place but the past few times we have visited , it 's definitely not what it use to be . the sounds did n't work on the tv at our booth . we use to come in almost every sunday to watch football but now they severely reduced their usual menu till 1 pm in sunday since they share a kitchen with the place next door . there is usually open seating so it 's nice not having to wait , but definitely not the same great experience we use to have .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we come here all the time after hockey . it 's just convenient cause it 's right here . the service is really bad . i mean really bad . whoever owns this place needs to take notice and adopt a little business 101 . a little urgency in the service would go a long way .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good place for hockey goers ! it 's located right inside the ice den . burgers are amazing ! i 'm not just saying that cause i work there . however i fell in love with them when i was a customer . the bartenders are cool , and friendly staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "why have n't i been here before now ? this is a cool restaurant . it sits right behind the ice den so you can eat , watch live hockey games , and lots of big screen tvs around for other sports . i ordered the fish and chips and much to my surprise it was really good especially the french fries and coke slaw . i 'm a cole slaw snob so i would definitely say if it was not good . i got a side order of wings which i 'll try later . the wait staff was attentive and service was fast . all and all a great experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never received such horrible service in al of my life . not only is their food mediocre at best , my friend was ridiculed for cheering for the team they did n't agree with , promptly followed by being called a bitch , then asked to leave . beyond embarrassing and terrible taste . do n't waste your time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this breakfast and lunch restaurant is all about great food . excellent portions , quality , and staff . breakfast and lunch ca n't be beat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not bad for a hockey rink ... ..very good service", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing staff ! ! ! i frequent the yonge and davisville eglinton location . everyone is amazing , and just fund to hang out and talk to about devices and juice and all the vaping jazz . the juice selection is great , where there are other shops in toronto which have like 100+ flavors or so as they advertise , i guarantee their selection will not beat goodlife ecigs . they only bring good products . i believe in quality over quantity and i will recommend everyone to go here and support these guys ! ! ! do n't forger their loyalty cards ! ! ! free juice for every 9 bottles bought , just get the most expensive one as your free juice ! the staff actually encourages that !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "local owned , local grown this place is all the hype and more . we ride our cruisers here for breakfast and even before we get in for work . why ? this place has a warm feel to it and the food is awesome ! they have daily egg specials that are remarkable . the honey lemonade is fresh and like no other in town . it gets busy so get in early and put your name in the notepad at the door . i would not recommend for large parties , because they are very small . steak and eggs every sunday .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "matts feels like home . the tables remind me of snack time in grandma 's kitchen , the salt and pepper shakers remind me of the ones that sat on my neighbor 's counter in her collections ... . even the slightly wobbly leg of the chair reminds me of my college apartment furnished with family castaways and thrift shop treasures . real food comes from a place that feels so much like home ... by real , i mean ... real eggs , real butter , real sausage ... . food at matt 's is pure and innocent ... pancakes with butter . eggs with potatoes and bacon . classic . yum .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "believe the hype . that 's all i can say . this place is the kama sutra of flavor for your taste buds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "100 % love this place . i 've been three times , all when passing through phoenix , and i will be surely sorry if this place ever changes . i appreciate their choice to use fresh , wholesome ingredients , and their food is delicious . amazing hash browns , fresh juice , homemade preserves , great bread ! everything is tops . the only bummer is that it 's always packed , but i do n't hold that against them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there 's little more to say that has n't already been said . matt 's has very familiar items on their menu , but each that i 've tried really is impressively delicious ! expect to wait ... if you 're impatient there are plenty of others who are willing to wait ( me included ) for 40+ minutes on a very empty stomach .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went by myself and waited an hour and a half on a thursday morning . the hostess was rude , after a mix up when she called me ( the name she called before me did n't come so she went to seat me , but then realized that she said the name wrong so i waited ten more minutes and then she called tables who were after me ) , she told me `` oh there 's a table inside in the corner you can go now '' . i felt super rushed and that i was inconveniencing the restaurant . the waiter i had seemed not all there . the food was ok but definitely not worth the hype and price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we went on a thursday around 10:30 and did n't expect a long wait ... surprise , surprise , we waited an hour . other than the wait ( which was expected ) the food was delicious . everyone working at matt 's were friendly ( they all say goodbye to you as you leave ) . i definently recommend getting the bacon as a side if it does not come as part of your meal . if you ca n't stand the heat , order carryout or show up later ( at 11:30 there was maybe a 15 minute wait ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! its so small but so cute at the same time . i think nearly everything is homemade which is great ! their homemade strawberry jam is delicious ! ! they have the best pancakes ! no syrup needed ! you must get the hashbrowns ! ! everything tastes so fresh and flavorful . its one of my favorite breakfast joints . the only reason they did n't get 5 stars from me is because the staff is kind of all over the place which tends to get a little annoying . other than that , no complaints ! go here and bon apetite !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do i really want to add to the love-fest ? yes i do . i 've been here twice , and gotten in once ( the wait got me the other visit ) . but now that i 've made it inside , i can tell you that the wait is well worth it . m had it as simple as you can get : a single egg , scrambled . and it was light , fluffy and perfect . i had the honey lemonade and wish i could have it every day . i also had the waffle & bacon , both were amazing . the thick cut peppery bacon is soo good . i do n't eat a lot of pork ; so for me to love bacon , it 's a big deal . the waffle is the best i 've ever had . the exterior is perfectly golden brown , and the inside is like eating a cloud . a tasty tasty cloud . wait it out , it 's worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys have it nailed , the breakfast is `` of champions '' . the fresh blueberry jam that comes with the killer fresh toast is so good i could eat it off the floor . ( and possibly did cause i dropped some off my knife : ) . the only reason that i give them 4 instead of 5 stars is that we get it you are small , you 're hipster , you 're non commercial ... but for the love of pete make the place a little bigger , so more than 3 people can eat inside at a time and we do n't have to go on a wait every time we come . but the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there is no `` big breakfast '' . matt told me himself . what you will get is a delicious , fresh , locally grown breakfast served by really nice people . line was super long and i thought servings were average so i gave it three stars . really nice place and i definately recommend it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was the aboslute best breakfast i have ever had . every single ingredient is so fresh and tasty . i ordered a cheese omlet with a side of pancakes . my sis and i shared it . we also got orange juice and coffee . we were in heaven ! we did not have 1 single complaint . from the service to cleanliness to the food it was a 10 ! ! if you are looking for a delicious breakfast experience this is the place ! ! i plan on going back asap !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would rather go to the older subway then the new one ! the women seem to be a little rude . the drive through is a little slow and its really sloppy making . i went in the other day and there was a guy already standing in line no girls to be found ... i had saw one girl sitting outside when i pulled into the parking spot and thought she was on break ! guess she was n't all 3 of them were out back talking no one in the store ! i asked the guy how long hed been standing in the store and he said 5min waiting on some one to come in ! ! ! they did n't even know he was in there ... .. the girls response after she came in knowing i walked in the store ... . `` i told them to come in but they did n't want to so i had to '' ... . how rude ! honestly , , , , i 'm really glad that guy had a good sense of humor because i would n't have been so nice !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "brand new so everything looked great and food is up to par . service is kind of slow as i wrote this review while waiting . hopefully this will not be the norm .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "to much bread ! ladies are rude and drive through is slow ! it would be nice to taste the inside of your sandwich", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been eating here for the past 6 years and the food is always great and consistent . it has been the same owners this whole time . whenever i am in there playing dou di zhu or pop locking beats from korea , there is a large customer base coming and going all the time . the prices are cheap and you get nice sized portions . open late for bay village . you can dine in , there are about 10 tables in there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i go visit my brother and it 's just the two of us ( or three of us if my wife sheila f. comes along ) , we always go here . i wish this place had been open when i used to visit my dad on a regular basis when i was younger so that i could have made some late-night visits on my way home ! the food here is really good -- i always get the general tso 's chicken and it 's great ... nice and spicy . portions tend to be pretty generous too . one bonus about this place is that they do n't charge for mustard sauce . other places in cleveland charge a quarter or something for it . sure , it 's not a king 's ransom ... but the free sauce is one of those nice little touches that makes me want to hop on yelp and review china house in the hopes that it 'll drum up some business for them . check 'em out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the pan-fried dumplings & crab rangoons : ) everything there has been great . very nice people too , ,", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the quality of the food has changed and the people working there have the worst attitude . if you ask a question , they get annoyed like you should know what the menu is . they are not thankful for the business and barely say thank you when you order and pay them . time to find somewhere else to order chinese !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is an awesome restaurant . i 've been coming here for about a year , and i 've had very good results every time . every item that i 've ordered was tasty . they are very prompt to make your order , and are very accommodating . if you 're looking at other chinese restaurants in the area , look no further . trust me , i 've tried many , including other ethnic foods . the prices are very good ( around $ 5 ) for the lunch special ( you get a can of soda with it ) , and essentially around $ 6-7 outside the lunch special . the amount of food you get is plentiful , and will last you more than 1 meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered a schezwan chicken take-out at maximum spicy level , but was extremely disappointed to find no spices in the chicken at all . besides , some of the chicken was under-cooked . the best part of this super bowl meal was a can of coca cola . thanks coke !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really want to like this place but there 's nothing good to say about it . the food was the worst chinese i ever had- from uncooked chicken to old tasting vegetables ... the people at the desk were unfriendly . wo n't go there again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "classic little chinese restaurant for dine in carryout . i had a craving for chinese and saw mixed reviews but went for it anyway . i got the general tso 's lunch special and an egg roll . i was very pleasantly surprised by the general tso 's . nice flavor , good crunch on chicken but not overly greasy or over sauced . the rice was the real winner- it was not greasy at all and was quite delicious . for the price , this was a generous serving as well . egg roll was ok , not much inside but killed the craving for an egg roll . i probably would n't get again . overall , solid take out place that i willy try again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was ok . the wonton soup was awful ! girl at the counter was dismissive and sort of rude . doubt if i 'll be returning any time soon .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best crab rangoon and general tso 's chicken i 've ever had . every time i 'm in town , i order from china house constantly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have frequented this restaurant on numerous occasions ( for take out ) . the food has always been freshly prepared , piping hot , with clearly fresh ingredients . i like the little station with soy sauce packets , duck sauce and hot chinese mustard , that i can toss into my bag to complete my meal . there is always enough food to make two meals and the staff have been pleasant and courteous whether on the phone or in person . if they added a delivery service , they might just get the 5th star . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did n't expect much from a chinese restaurant in a strip mall , but was pleasantly surprised . the atmosphere is nothing special , just tables in front of the ordering counter . the menu was very extensive and they have lunch portions for $ 5.20 which includes pork fried rice . i got the chicken chow mein and my husband had the kung pao chicken . we probably waited 5 minutes and our food was ready . the portions were very large and piping hot . my chicken chow mein was great . the vegetables were cooked well , there was enough chicken and i liked the fried rice . my husband enjoyed his kung pao as well . plenty of chicken and vegas and peanuts . if anything , it could have been spicier , but still had a good flavor . i would definitely stop when in the area again . there were plenty of people ordering food at lunch time so others must feel the same as they seemed to be regulars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ate here on a wednesday night . place was busy with take-out business , but my order was taken pretty quickly and efficiently . food was ready in about 10 minutes . ordered the general tso 's ( w white meat ) , which is my go-to when trying a new spot . the portion size was good ( even had fried rice left over , which is rare for me ) , but it was n't the best general i 've had . the egg roll was pretty bland , too . like a lot of chinese take-outs , there 's some good dishes , and some not-so-good ones . not sure if i 'll be back to try again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best chinese around bay westlake . fast . always good . not greasy or tasting of old oil . consistent quality , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and very good lunch prices . the pan fried dumplings are homemade and delicious . the general tso 's is excellent . do n't miss the wonton soup either . this will be a regular lunch spot for us - the nice part is they give you enough for two days and it is in microwave safe containers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new to the area , my wife and i have been searching for a go-to chinese restaurant . we were in the avon area for a doctor appointment and noticed the restaurant as we were traveling to another destination . located in a small strip mall , the restaurant is less than impressive . in fact , it resembles more of a takeout place than dine in . the restaurant is spartan and seats only about 12 people . the menu is typical of a chinese restaurant . there is a luncheon selection that offered about 10 or so items , priced around $ 5 . my wife ordered chicken chow mein and i ordered kung pao chicken . both were ample servings . the food was served hot and both meals tasted great . the meals were served on styrofoam plates and with plastic cutlery . good food at a great value ! you ca n't go wrong . unfortunately , the restaurant is located a bit too far from our hometown to consider as a regular take out restaurant ( which is what i would recommend ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the perfect americanized delicious chinese food . has everything and its all great . i wish they delivered .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best chinese fast food i have ever had ! ! ! fresh fast and delicious ! had the general tso 's chicken and ca n't wait to try more on their menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good portions . fast service . just came here to pick up the lunch i ordered . i was surprised at how big the bag was . i thought maybe it was n't mine . it sure is and i am going to enjoy this . i 've eaten their food before , so i know it 's great . i just did n't know they were so generous with their portions !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best chinese take out in bay ! we love this place . the food is consistently delicious and the price is right . it is also nice how quickly our order is ready for pick up . usually about 15-20 minuets . for 25 cents you can add a 2 liter of pop to any order $ 25.00 and up . we order a combination of vegetarian dishes and the moo shu vegetable is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , my wife and i have frequented it as it is in bay . last time we ever do that again . when i got my order , i took it home and spooned it out onto a plate . thanks goodness i did n't eat it out of the box ! ! ! ! there was a dead fly in the food . and this was winter time . so it is not a common thing ! flies in the winter time . so it just showed how bad the cleanliness of this place is . do not go here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time trying this place and was n't disappointed . the general chicken was great and the kids enjoyed the sweet and sour chicken . needs some curb appeal , but do n't let that stop you for trying this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food , very fast takeout . get a good lunch for a little less than a combo deal at a chain , and just as fast . average lunch with rice and veg is only 5.00 ... ..20 specials under 5.50 they make the wonton and crab rangoon by hand ... not frozen !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't know if the food is any good because the girl that was taking my order was so rude i hung up and called asian wok on detroit .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really hate to do this , but i just ca n't say anything good about wong 's jr . i ordered take out last weekend from here , and i was really hoping this place would be good . sad to say , it was n't . we had 'spicy ' orange chicken , shrimp chowmein , and egg rolls . the chicken was n't spicy at all . whatever kick was in it must have been forgotten to be added . as for the chowmein , it was terrible . sprouts and celery sitr-fried with a bag of canned crispy noodles . the egg rolls were 'meh ' at best , and the rice ... .well , it was just white rice . i am not really sure what 's going on here , but it appears that people either love this place or hate it . for those who love it , i wonder if you have ever had really good chinese before .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm originally from new york , and spend my summers in vegas . needless to say this has made me very picky when it comes to asian cuisine . this is easily the best inexpensive chinese food i have ever had . i normally get the same thing , but i have branched out here and there and have never been disappointed . it 's very unassuming and unfortunately not visible from grand , so i am worried about it 's survival . that 's why i decided to write my very first review singing it 's praises . the waitstaff is friendly and attentive , and as i 've said the food is fantastic . almost everytime i go in i get the house chicken lunch special and an order of potstickers . both are incredible and i highly recommend them . please try this place out as soon as possible , you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been eating here since the week it opened . it is going down in quality . y last and i mean last order was bitter because the grease was not fresh on fried food . it was delivery but manager made me drive back , and than told me two of the plates were eaten out of , maybe a third , so he only refunded one . we ordered three . for a known and faithful customer i was treated like arbage , and that is how my last meal there tasted as well . i still have the nasty after taste in my mouth . yes , iam upset , but this used to be my favorite place for chinese food , and when it goes fromfavorite to returning food , something is wrong .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got take out tonight . wow this place is the worst chinese food i have ever had ! ordered vegetable crispy chow mien which turned out to be a box of spouts and celery with a handful of crispy noodles from a can . also asked for extra spicy orange chicken which was very runny and all breading . i think the only thing that was edible was the steamed rice and stale fortune cookie . i do n't recommend this place to anyone . ( i do n't like panda express either , so do n't think i am that type of food person . ) btw ... my fortune cookie taught me `` ce sou '' which is chinese for restroom and is where i will be after trying this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wo n't be going here anymore . they got my order wrong and i came back to return it ( exchange for my right order since i paid ) . the manager ephasized i could never do it again and their system logs our information and phone numbers so , if we were to call we would n't be allowed a return or exchange . he was rude , said it numerous times over and over how he ca n't deal with people returning or exchanging the food cause it gets thrown out . sorry , but i just wanted my correct order and to go home after a long day of work . talk about crappy customer service . i normally do n't feel the need to write a review as it is my first one , but i 'm heavily disappointed since it 's a local restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very disappointed , ! wongs chicken tasted like it was a week old . egg fu young had no flavor . the hot and sour soup was barely ok .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband & i have been going to wong jr. since it opened & always enjoyed the food , customer service & cleanliness of the restaurant . recently we 've noticed a change in the taste of their food ; bland , just not consistent any longer . tonight i thought we 'd give them another try , unfortunately the egg rolls were greasy & soggy inside , the singapore rice noodle dish was bland & partially cold . i wo n't be returning any time soon .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am not a fan of chinese food in general , but this place is just not very good . my wife , who loves chinese food herself agreed that my teriyaki chicken was not made properly . it was tasteless and such a waste of food as i threw away more than half of it . they do give you large portions here , but the food is not good enough for that to matter . i would n't recommend this place and do n't think i will order from here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really bad chinese food . i ordered egg rolls , kung pao chicken and shrimp chow fun everything was really bland , not even lots of soy sauce made it better . nothing tasted bad , it just did n't have any flavor . the noodles were greasy , and had a weird texture . the filling on the egg rolls did as well . the delivery was prompt , and the delivery driver was polite , but the food was so bad , i would n't order from wong jr 's again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place . the people that work there are so polite and totally cool at the same time . dont be fooled by the deserted feeling when you forst walk in , the food is amaizing . i literally come here insted of the chinese restaurant by my house because their crab puffs are out of this world ! not to mention i usually order singapore rice noodles and this place is on point . all hail wong jr !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hit or miss but i keep coming back - maybe it is the price or the convenience - not sure . either way - if you want affordable chinese with generous portion sizes - this place is for you. ,", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my husband and i stopped in for a late lunch . we have n't been here in several years . wong 's jr is still really good . we ordered off of the lunch menu . we ordered the egg flower soup as soup comes with the lunch special . my husband ordered the schezwan pork with steamed white rice and i ordered the shrimp with snow peas and steamed white rice . we both had hot green teas as well . the food was hot , fresh and delicious . the pork was tender . the shrimp was in a thick creamy sauce . the vegetables were crisp . every bite was like a party in my mouth -- it all joined together in a flavorful mix of flavors . the restaurant is clean the restrooms are clean . the waiter and waitress were very prompt and attentive . they were friendly and they removed our dishes promptly . parking is plentiful . we will definitely be returning in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great lunch specials ! had the sweet sour shrimp and my guest tried the sweet sour pork . each came with fried rice , choice of egg drop or hot sour soup ( he got egg drop , i tried the hot sour , which was fabulous ) and a crab puff . we also ordered appetizers of crab puffs and potstickers . the crab puffs were really cheesy , but with extra sweet sour , who cares ? ! the potstickers came with a wonderful soy-ish sauce that my guest added to his fried rice . the overall meal was delicious ! we will be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered bbq ribs and there was no sauce on the ribs , my rice was stale and the sesame chicken was equivalent to a wet soggy puffy chicken nugget ... .never again ! ! ! ! ! we called to let them know and they not accept responsibility or accountability . order hungry howie 's instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as i promised myself , i 'd go back again to try it again . yyyeeaahhhh ... sooooo ... .the food is still not good . i got the mongolian beef and it 's like `` wha ? really ? is this irl ? '' i 'm a chinese food kind of a fan , this restaurant , i 'm not a fan of .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been going here since they first opened . the food is ok for the price , but it seems like over time some of the quality went down ( only on certain items ) . i used to eat here 2-3 times a week but i started to cut back after i got a bit burnt out ( it 's pretty cheap and it takes like 10 mins to be done and i 'm home in 3 ) . when i started eating there again ( a few months later ) i noticed that every 2-3 times i 've ordered from there i get sick . i still order from here , but on a much less frequent basis , such as once or twice a month . i just know that there 's a chance of getting sick , so i do n't eat there as often .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wong 's jr is inexpensive and the food tastes ok , but i have had better . we got a take out order with ma po tofu and some almond chicken . the ma po tofu was strange since there is usually tofu and pork in a spicy sauce at other restaurants but at wong 's jr there is only tofu and vegetables - it tasted ok but just seemed strange without the pork . maybe it was their way to keep the dish vegetarian , but not what i expected . the almond chicken was also just ok . there were a bunch of diced vegetables with some pieces of chicken in a watery sauce that had almonds in it . the sauces with the meals were so watery that the takeout boxes became weak and flimsy by the time i drove home . luckily , everything was double bagged with plastic . i would get food from there again if i was hungry and did n't feel like anything else since they are cheap and have pretty good hours - open pretty late and everyday including holidays .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "too bad the food is good because we will never go again . they are rude , mean and horrible . the guy who was there was terrible to his employee in front of us and my brother had to say something . we will never eat there again because of his horrible attitude . he was more concerned about the people on the phone then with our order . people who ordered the food after us got their food first ! wth ? !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here the other day because i was hungry and saw it a few times since i 've drove by it and never got to it . now i wish i did n't go here . the food was not good . i order sesame chicken with white rice . it was not good and very bland . they serve their food on cheap plates and cups that look like it could be from a hospital . food was not appealing at all . once i walked in there was only one person there eating . that should have been a warning for me since the restaurant was kind of big but no costumers expect 1 person . i will never be returning here again unfortunately . the two stars is for the customer service . very friend people and the restaurant seemed to be very clean . i will be looking for chinese food else where .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty good and fast service..i would have gave it 4 stars but the location kind of sucks . there is a $ 15 miminum order for delivery . good food overall , no complaints !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my wife and i love those place . probably order delivery once a week . very fast delivery and great food . have never had a bad meal or had to wait to long for our food . my.mom comes in from outta town and we always have to order wongs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unimpressed , until i tasted the chow fun , this was the flavor i had been looking for . beef chow fun : 5 stars other dishes : 3stars service : 3 stars once i complimented the chow fun they informed me they have fresh noodles delivered from california once a week , and yes - they do run out sometimes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my family has come to this restaurants since my kids were little . now i bring my grandkids here . we have never been dissapointed . everything from scratch . love it . wong chicken is awesome spicy or non spicy . the will cook either way . crazy good food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they were very fast and friendly . but i ca n't get past how awful their food was . their food was over cooked and had no flavor . the rice was dry and some of it was even crunchy , the chicken had two different colors ( some was a dull white & other pieces looked like beef ) . their egg rolls were disgusting . definitely will not be ordering from them again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my delivery order took over 70 minutes to arrive and then the taste was just ok. wo n't order again . sweet and sour chicken , teriyaki chicken , chicken egg foo young , eggs rolls . ..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "shitty location , hard to find . rough being right down the road from big heng but they make it work a+ food every dish i have had was very good . polite waiters and clean inside . my only complaint is that the water and tea is really really gross . im not sure why . overall i love it though", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! the food is always so tasty and the people are pretty nice too . we r always in and out & that 's a plus w us , b c we t always starving when we go . we visit often . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "omgosh this place is so so good . the food is delicious ! and the staff is so friendly and they honestly appreciate their customers . i 've been coming here for the past year , and i 've never had a bad experience . definitely try the spicy orange chicken especially for lunch , they have awesome lunch and dinner specials .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bad food no flavor at all ... very disappointedand very expensive ... for cold flavorless food . think twice before ordering from here..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "two stars for service and cleanliness ... the food- two thumbs down . as soon as i walked in a was greeted by an incredibly kind gentleman , he offered me a menu and i placed my order . all of the people i interacted with were very pleasant and helpful . the restaurant was very clean and had decent decor . if it were based on service and cleanliness alone , i 'd be back for sure . however the food was bland . i had the beef lo mein , my usual choice . bland , bland , bland . so i took a few bites off my husband 's `` spicy '' orange chicken.. it was n't spicy at all . again bland , boring , and we probably could have had more flavor from panda . yes , it was that bad .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am so upset with myself for forgetting about this place for so long . tonight i rediscoved the wonderful flavors of great delivery food . the staff is always friendly and accomodating to my picky needs without compliant or frustration and i appreciate that . my mouth watered from the flavorful chowmain and the crispy fried shrimp i ordered tonight . i was very happy with the food and service as always . i absolutely love love love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is horrible . our fried rice was burnt . egg rolls were soggy and undercooked . the chicken was slimy . this place is disgusting . we have ordered twice and both times it was the same way . do not waste your money on bad chinese food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is kind of hidden and very quiet , but from the reviews it seems like they 've got quite a few patrons ! i thought the food was just okay ... i 've eaten here twice and i admit that the prices are excellent but unfortunately it 's not enough to keep me coming back . staff was pretty friendly , so i thought that was a plus .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was looking for a chinese place in the area for lunch . found this on yelp & decided to give it a try . i ordered the walnut shrimp and it was fast and delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know if they read their reviews or not but they should . this was shockingly bad . the teriyaki chicken literally had no sauce.. never seen anything like it . the house chicken is aptly named because it tasted like drywall . zero flavor . i have no idea how this place is in business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "last minute decision , tried eat24 and only one chinese restaurant that i found to be less then good . after a simple google search i found this place so i called , lady on the phone was super friendly so i placed my order with no issues , 2 teriyaki , 1 orange chicken and 2 egg rolls , plus she threw in 2 more no charge . i ordered extra rice because i know typically these places dont give enough , i later learned that was totally not necessary . i barely had enough time to get things set for dinner change for bed and it was here , super quick . finally i figured everything was going too good however the delivery guy was super friendly and the food was awesome , oh and i thought all the rice even the extra was in one large container , no , there was a separate one . i will definitely be ordering from these guys again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was not good at all . the food was cold and stale . the fried rice was burnt , not sure how that is possible , but it was . the crab puffs and soup was actually very good . i was very disappointed and had to ask for money back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "twice cooked crispy pork was not crispy or good . just some soggy breaded pork slathered in too much sauce . chicken with garlic sauce was bland . fried rice was just steamed rice covered in soy sauce .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service here really good and place very clean . they made me feel very welcome and at home . i really appreciated their hospitality . i would recommend this place . the only thing i did n't like was the chicken did n't taste very fresh ... that was chicken right ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good , clean , neighborhood chinese restaurant . food is always cooked well , service is great and the place always looks very clean . i find the food better than big heng and bo bo china which are also by my house .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like this place ! pretty standard chinese takeout fare but the food is consistently well prepared and the staff is always friendly . delivery time is n't very consistent ( as quick as 15 minutes to as long as an hour ) , but it seems like they wait to get your order together until they 've got a driver ready . never cold or seems as if it 's been sitting around .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went there again tonight ... .as usual everything was great . we each had a dinner combo + side i should have just stuck with the side as the portions were huge ... i should have know better as we eat there at least twice a month one of the reasons is besides great food they do n't mind substitutions as we do n't eat any seafood or peanuts ... no problem", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome food , great service , good value , great selection , and super fast delivery ( granted i live less than two miles away ) . nothing to complain about .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great neighborhood chinese take out place . we first ordered because we were lazy . delivery is fast ( they always quote 45 minutes ; food arrives in 20-30 minutes ) . we order once or twice a week , and the food never disappoints . the crab puffs and kung pao are my favorites .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice place , clean , friendly greeting . lunch specials were good . pretty standard stuff . egg soup was a bit boring , but i 'm not a fan of egg soup . crab puff and eggroll and fried rice were the sides and all were good . main courses were large enough that we both had more than we could finish . good selection of dishes and they serve beer too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "get delivery about 2 times a week always hot n fresh . great flavors great service , really fast delivery to . i live in a gated apartment complex and there is never any trouble . i would recommend this place to anyone looking for familiar fast asain style food . great egg rolls , pot stickers and love the shrimp lo mein ! ! ! tim", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is great . portions are modest and flavor is spot on . take out and dine both offer great experiences . i will agree that the dining in experience is a little quiet , no music no tv 's . this part though i have decided i like . the staff are very , very friendly . this resteraunt has become my chinese resteraunt of choice over changs . food is equal if not better , wait staff is friendlier , price point is unbeatable . this location will only get better as it ages .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "moo goo gai pan and three tsingtao beers ! - what could be better ! on several occasions , right after my 12-hour work shifts , i felt like having some asian food nights ! this was the place to be ! the service has been fast and efficient ! the plentiful amount of food has constantly filled my rather large stomach . the best part of the evening was that i was also able to top it off with some nice tasting , imported chinese beer ( tsingtao ) . on one of the occasions i even met mr. wong , jr. himself ! ( at least i think i spoke with him ! ) all in all , the last three times i 've been to the establishment , the service has been great , the food tasted quite good and i had a great time ! the restaurant also has a booming `` to-go '' business . the clientele were constantly contacting the restaurant staff , ordering their food , and in a few short minutes , were running in and picking up the waiting delicacies . i enjoyed my visits . i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't judge a book by its cover - the outside looks like any other hole in the wall , low-quality , crap place . the inside is so much different - very cozy and the staff is super nice ! i got the spicy orange chicken lunch combo which came with an egg roll , crab puff , and fried rice , all for just $ 4.50 ! i 'm not a huge fan of lots of breading on my meat so i was thrilled that there is a pretty minimal amount of breading on this dish . my husband ordered the kung pao chicken which came with the same sides . this was also very tasty and we were both amazed at how fresh and crisp the vegetables were , almost like they add them near the end of the cooking process . overall , best chinese takeout i 've ever had and they delivery too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love a good quick lunch something other than panda.. food is always fresh & have never had a complaint . i 'm a creature of habit but i do love the hot & sour soup & the spicy kung pao chicken & shrimp . priced very well for lunch . do not prefer the dinner pricing however , delivery is always quick & good & am able to relax..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife & i come here at least once a week for lunch . their lunch specials are our favorite : $ 5 . iced tea is good as well . i just had sweet & sour chicken ( which was good ) , but it was overcooked . when ray is waiting tables , it is much more enjoyable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love wongs jr. ! the food is great , portions are great and the price is just right ! we love their spring rolls and crab puffs ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "your basic chinese food , best had via delivery . the thing is they have good nights ( most of the time ) , and not so good nights ( sometimes ) , so consistency of quality could be better . portions and prices are pretty good , though . they usually get the orders right , but a couple times when they did n't , they just argued and refused to make it right . the thing i would complain about is if you get chicken anything , make sure you pay extra for white meat , otherwise you get dark meat and tendons . i 'd recommend them , if you are close by , and need a chinese food delivery in your area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tonight was the first time we ordered from wongs and the food tastes as nasty as the name ! ! ! anyone who says that they have good food must habe been raused on ramen noodles because not only did this food make me and my two kids ill , but it wad also garbage quality ! we had two bites of our meal before throwing it back in the box . i got ill almost instantly and when i called them , there `` manager '' was so rude and unprofessional , he told me that i need to go to the hospital and have the food tested and bring a doctors note to prove there fiod made us sick . the quality of food is disgusting , as is the service . i should have listened to my instinct and not gotten food their as they are oporating out of an old building that was previously condemned ! ! ! lesson learned !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when you need a quick cheap bite this is the place ! i love their house fried rice and the singapore noodles ! ! yummmmm super delish ! ! it 's also clean and in a decent area ! i have been coming here for years and never have had a problem ! love wongs jr !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely will never return . the staff pays more attention to each other , speaking in a foreign language , then they do taking my order correctly . making sure that my order is correct was not a priority to the staff . living 20 miles away from this restaurant made it a hindrance when i called to complain . the woman on the phone was yelling at me which , is poor customer service . she advised for me to come back to the restaurant , which is 20 miles away , to pick up the items that were missing and what was cooked in correctly . i have never been treated this poorly from a chinese restaurant . the floor was dirty and the bathrooms were not clean . i did not eat the food since it was cooked incorrectly . this was a waste of money and , a waste of time . instead of being happy with my food , i am now hungry and angry . this is one customer that will never support their restaurant again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we love love love this place ! ! always great food and delivery service ty ! ! ca n't wait for our next order . crab wontons are usually.free with our order to", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! i 've ordered takeout a few times since moving here from alifornia , and the food is terrific ! love the sweet n sour pork , lemon chicken and just about everything we 've ordered ... and when visiting the restaurant , i found it very clean , the employees cheerful and the beer terrific ... lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is kinda mediocre . not horrible but just kinda blah . the thing that bothers me is that i have ordered from here several times and they never get my order right . not the wrong items . it 's just never prepared right . if you ask for extra spicy than that 's what you should get . every time . why allow people to customize their orders if you never prepare the food as asked . they always seem very nice but obviously just do n't care . too bad .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ca n't speak to the dining experience in the restaurant as my husband and i have only ordered delivery regularly over the last three years . we have nothing but good things to say , our order is always correct , the prices are reasonable , the food is consistently hot and fresh , and the delivery is fast , even on busy delivery days ! we wo n't order from anywhere else while wong 's delivers to us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is my favorite chinese food place within about 5 miles . the staff is friendly though the best english-speakers in the place are a still a little hard to understand . the prices , speed and portions are about average and the food is very good . i actually like the location and styling of the building . its right next to a taco bell and looks like it might have used to be a kfc or something . the building looks better inside and out than almost all chinese food restaurants nearby .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my fiance and i have gotten take out at least 3 or 4 times from this place so far . the food is great and the staff is so friendly . they always give me a few egg rolls free too , which is really nice . the vegetables and meat are always fresh . the fried rice is great . they are also fast ! i usually call ahead and can get my food within 10-15 minutes . the combo deals are inexpensive and you get a lot of food . as for some of the negative reviews , i do n't know what you are talking about ! besides , if you have a problem dealing with someone 's accent maybe you should n't order chinese food . : ) just a thought .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is really good ! what sold is on this place is that they offer truly gluten free food that is not twice the price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their service is awesome ! delivery guys are personable and polite . they have good coupons and great food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good chinese delivery . wonton soup was great . rice chicken sauce : pretty good stuff , nothing fantastic or awful to speak of", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant is near my work on the westside . i stopped in for lunch and was pleased with the prices , portions , and selection on the menu . i had the chicken lo mein combo which had good flavor and the noodles were cooked well . was n't a huge fan of their fried rice or egg rolls though as both were a tad dry . i 'll try them out again though as i 'm always looking for lunch options .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "still lovin the lo mein and sweet and sour pork ! ! egg roll heaven with the mustard ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pleasantly surprised . ordered from a menu left on my front door , so i was n't sure what to expect , being as its in the same parking lot as a taco bell . appreciate the vegetarian options !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went at noon and the entire restaurant was empty . place looked deserted , but we were greeted rather quickly by a nice woman who showed us to our seat . i ordered spicy orange chicken . it came out quickly , but that 's kind of expected when there 's no other patrons . the food was extremely bland . in fact , i ate only 3 bites and could n't bring myself to eat anymore . needless to say , i wo n't be recommending this place to anyone anytime soon .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "amazing tea ! i went here with my mom today for some tea and wow we were so pleased . it was not busy at all and actually really spacious which was surprising to me ! would be a good place to come and study , not too loud or crowded . the tea selection is huge which is awesome , i had a hard time choosing . there 's a big wall of the loose leaf teas and you can smell them . they have so many i was surprised to see it ! also being able to smell definitely helped my decision . i went for green pomegranate mojito tea and it was sooo good . i got it iced , took a long time to prepare kind of , but it 's nice that they have some already prepared read in the back ! my mom got a coconut chai and it was really great ! also the `` small '' size is huge and reasonably priced . love it here and ca n't wait to try more . i certainly have a new favorite tea joint !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i popped into tea2go to grab a quick , cold beverage after running around in the az heat all day . their concept is amazing and you can choose an organic loose leaf tea selection from their wall full of so many flavors . { see pic ! & they will even let you smell them before choosing ! } the prices were definitely reasonable and the portions were very large ! it was literally the perfect refreshment during a hot summer day . dear hq , please open a store closer to old town scottsdale camelback corridor area ! ! : ) i would absolutely be a regular ! they also have already brewed selections for a little bit cheaper if you wanted to quickly fill up a cup that way ! if you 're on high street , stopping into tea2go for a cold or hot beverage is a must !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really nice addition to high street . no better way to start off an afternoon of driving around in the arizona heat then a 44oz ice tea . the staff is really nice and helpful . very knowledgeable about tea . jordanna had me try chocolate mocha carmel java which was a complete surprise . my taste buds could n't decide if i was drinking coffee or tea . keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean and fresh look atmosphere . do n't love the current hours . not even a huge tea fan , but i could see this place really swinging me away from my standard ice coffee . reasonable prices , with great loyalty program and refill policy . owner staff very friendly knowledgable about products .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful place to visit ! my daughter recommended it to me , and right away realized it 's unique offerings . my first visit was a delicious nutty-flavored coffee , second and third stops were the coconut creme iced tea from the tea bar -- omg amazing ! very friendly barista , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has become an almost daily habit ! fresh tea and a great variety , do n't care for coffee so this is a great alternative .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best tea places i 've been to . love the multitude of loose leaf options and other drink options . the staff is very helpful and the teas on the wall are labeled by category so you can find teas that relax , energize , boost health , etc . great atmosphere too ! very open , clean with a fun industrial rustic appeal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is super friendly ! if you come here enough they 'll even remember your name and order ! i love the yoga tea , but almost everything i 've had has been great . there 's a huge selection of teas , but they have coffee and smoothies as well . prices are better than starbucks and the lines are shorter too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm in town visiting and i 'm really glad i found this place ! it 's been very difficult to find a decent tea shop in phoenix , most of the tea shops i 've been to ca n't even prepare tea properly . i was definitely impressed with tea2go . they have a good selection of loose leaf teas and while i 'm not the biggest fan of flavored teas they still had plenty of options for just straight tea . they can also prepare the teas latte style which i love . i would n't say these are the most high quality teas for a true tea connoisseur but if you are looking for a decent cup of tea this is the place . they also have excellent customer service , jordana ( i believe that was her name ) was very friendly and helpful . i will definitely be back next time i 'm in phoenix !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place and the staff makes it all the more worthwhile to visit ! with so many options i need to venture outside my comfort zone of pomegranate mojito green tea ; i just love it though !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally made it in . need to spend some dedicated time there but like what i see so far . service was very friendly and helpful . took a great iced tea to go - lots of great choices available that day . glad it 's close by !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super friendly staff and delicious drinks ! we got the sweet chai with almond milk and the spiced cookie latte with almond milk , both iced . the sweet chai was amazing , as was the spiced cookie latte , although i think it would 've been better hot ( i know for next time ) . great atmosphere and i ca n't wait to buy some of the loose tea .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good spicy chai latte . worker was kind and friendly ... whoever was working wednesday afternoon , you were really nice..thanks ! if i lived closer i would be there every morning . the smell when you walk in is really nice and everything is clean . bathroom is well-designed , too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our office is not only a big fan of their teas , but we have also enjoyed utilizing their gift cards as a thank you for colleagues . their loose leaf teas are delicious , good quality , and varied ! what a nice change from starbucks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the woman working on 7 19 was so sweet and helpful . plenty of tea to pick from . definitely going to come here more often !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went in for coffee before heading off to apartment shop . we are new to the area and the owner took the time to educate us about the different areas we would want to look at and how the commute to work would be from the different locations . on top of owner being very personable the coffee was great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place . starting off customer service is spot on . brea has helped me several times and has always been super knowledgeable and friendly . the best part about tea2gois you can smell the tea prior to ordering them . if you do n't have the time to have a tea brewed they have a wall of ready to go ice teas . i also like that they have a good rewards program and give you discounts for bringing back your cups . you have the options of ginger lime , lemon and coconut sugar . my personal recommendations on tea would be the pomegranate blue or the yoga tea unsweetened if you want to add sugar to it i would recommend the ginger sugar . yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like iced tea , this is the place to go ! they have a really big selection , freshly brewed , that is help yourself . very cool place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! ! so many teas ! there is a tea bar and hundreds of loose leaf options too . black , white , green , whatever you 're in the mood for ! would totally recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "products and service good based on previous visits , but location manager owner need to get store hours properly listed . store website shows 9 am , store door says 10 am , yelp shows 11 am ... . which is it ? showed up a little after 9 am today", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm giving this place a four stars for the quality of their food . their pizzas are delicious and inexpensive compared to what you would pay at pizza nova or even pizza pizza . a large deluxe pizza can cost you $ 15.00 and you get three sodas or your chose or sauces . the only thing that i would like to see is them including pizzas with the cheese crusts but that might be too fancy for a place like this . having said that , i would give them two stars for their establishment . every time that i go there to pick up my pizza , i see the same guys sitting around drinking and being loud and they completely ruin the atmosphere . if the owner is reading this , please ban these people or put a limit on alcohol purchases so that we can eat our food in peace because until then i am always going to take my food to go . cheers ! jf", "score": "4"}
{"review": "local hole in the wall pizza and shawarma place . very well priced and good quality . i usually get the shawarma ( 2 for 1 special ) . it is turkish styled shawarma with great topping selection . their pizza 's are well made . just beware that this place is not the classiest pizzeria in the city , and you will guaranteed find some of the local neighbourhood drunks hanging around in the store . they dont bother anybody , just there since there is no local bar in that area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we live nearby and i enjoy bringing my daughter there for a pizza ( ask for a fresh one , not a slice that 's been sitting there all day ) . depending on who is cooking it , the dough is sometimes a little undercooked , but overall , i 'm very satisfied with service and quality . one time , my pizza was a little burnt and they took the initiative to make me a new one without waiting for me to ask for it . my personal favorite is the shawarma with everything on top . it 's truly a great one . their fries are nice , but seem to be frozen . finally , the staff is friendly . overall , it 's fast food and it 's nothing fancy , but i gave it four stars because that 's exactly what they are trying to be , a humble local establishment that wins over the community with simple and good dishes and at that game , they won me and my family .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast , hot delivery . best wings in toronto . hands down . fresh veggies are crisp and cold . super delivery guys . great value !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good pizza and fries ! & panini ! super big portions and cheap ! i always order delivery here and they are always early which is amazing ! will be ordering lots !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thought i 'd expand my pizza choices to other than the major ones . try local all i got was burnt pizza that was all dough and drips of sauce . to make matters worse i called the store and the guy seemed to not care and was rude . all in all poor service and the worst pizza ever . stay clear of this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered on here from just eat when we got tired of our regular pizza place . can i just say that this is the most amazing tasting pizza ... ever ! it 's seriously amazing ! we 've ordered there a bunch of times now , over the phone too . i wonder how much they paid to get that number ! 4162220222 ! i mean seriously ? ! : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is dirty and the service is super slow . it took us almost 15 minutes to even order a shawarma and there was only one person in front of us . the place just has this sketchy vibe to it ( dimly lit ) the woman who served us was also very ruse considering how much money we spent . shawarma was mediocre at best . have not tried the pizza so can only comment on the shawarma . would not recommend", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very poor customer service . i called ahead of time to place my order for pick up . when i arrived my pizza was not ready yet . as i was waiting , another customer walked in and ordered the same exact pizza and received his order before i did . when i complained that i had ordered well ahead of him and questioned why he would get his order first , i was given tons of excuses , none of which made any sense whatsoever , and absolutely no apologies . when i reiterated that they have terrible customer service and that i would not be returning , i was once again given invalid excuses as to why he was served first and no attempts to rectify the situation ! if they would like to keep their customers , they need to learn how to manage their orders properly and have some integrity when they mess up . we have gone here a number of times and this experience has completely ruined it for me . we do not plan to ever go back here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "extremely slow , i went to school around here also and very slow and sometimes kinda rude . years ago we also found bugs and what not crawling up the walls and stuff and of course it has gotten cleaner but still . overall the service is extremely slow , the shawarma lady took her time making her friends shawarma by talking to her about random crap but at the same time taking her time actually making the food . like people want food and to leave , but the food is pretty good . if you 're looking for a quick place to eat , this is not the place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a strange place . i went to buy some yarn and asked one of the clerks for a recommendation . she told me i would have to choose a pattern and handed me a book . i already had a pattern , but she told me to pick one . i flipped through the book for a second and just picked one at random so that i could just buy some yarn . she finally helped me , but then said that i would now have to buy the book , since i had used it . there 's really nothing wrong with the place , but after that bizarre exchange ( i refused to buy the book ; she relented but seemed pissed about it ) , i 'd prefer not to go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i used to work at the knitting tree , way back in the 70 's . i was at edgewood college then , and dottie , suzie and the gang helped me learn more about knitting than i even realized possible . i was so happy to walk in recently ( early feb '09 ) to discover things are better than ever ! jackie gave me the grand tour , and things were much improved since i worked there . the selection is wonderful and the space is bright and open . the `` library '' is inspiring and the pattern selection rocks . thanks to jackie and the folks there that day i felt welcomed and was so happy that i stopped in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the knitting tree has been the yarn place on monroe street for many years . my daughter has gone there many times for help with her knitting projects over the years and the people there have always been friendly , helpful , patient and understanding with her . they have a great selection of yarn and loads of experience . if you need yarn or help with your knitting , this is your place . local tip : since it 's street parking only , try to avoid going there during the evening rush hour as there 's no parking on that side of monroe st. then .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a gem . great displays of sample knits . good books and magazines . quirky staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the woman working was friendly and the customers who were also there seemed like happy regulars . the shop is n't nearly as big as other places , but it was stuffed with great yarn . there were many many books , beads , and knitting supplies to choose from , as well as some cute stuff . i 'd recommend a visit if you 're into crochet knitting at all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jackie and friends are the best . i am taking a class here and they are very helpful and jackie and patti and teaching assistant peggy are great at teaching . very patient . if you get frustrated and need help you are welcome to walk in . beautiful tasteful samples to choose from . things you would truly wear are shown in the store to tempt you to try to make for yourself . they have wonderful patterns ! thursdays they are open later and you can park in the lot across the street ! they are expanding their store to a brand new spot right next door it will open in august !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love this yarn shop . it 's only my second time visiting the knitting tree , as it 's a bit of a drive from mke , but it is a lovely shop . the woman who owns the shop ( she has a business partner that i 've not met ) is helpful and very friendly . but the best part about this shop is the variety of yarn within its four walls -- malabrigo , madelinetosh , and plenty of other hand painted yarns to choose from , and in many different weights .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had two opportunities to buy yarn from this store . great yarns . lousy customer service . sales staff seemed put out by my questions . i will give them one more try -- but if i am treated poorly i will take my business elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love love love the knitting tree ! jackie and staff are very helpful . anytime i need help with a project i sit in the store and work and they help me along . they are very encouraging too . will order other colors of yarn for you , mine came in within the week . there is one staff member who is n't very patient or helpful , so just ask someone else if you get her . the new store is lovely with lots of knitted up projects throughout .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have to say , this shop is very cute and will fulfill the needs of any dedicated knitter . the store clerk helped me pick out a gift , a nice book , for a friend of mine . unfortunately , the gift was not what my friend was looking for . i was told later by another employee that they do not do returns on books as they have had issues with people photocopying the knitting patterns and returning the books . after speaking with the owner , she agreed to give me an exception after explaining the policy . it is not likely that they are willing to do this again for anyone . so , if any shifty knitters are reading this , shame ! also , if you had read my last rating of this store , please disregard it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe i just paid $ 15 for a cold coffee , a stale muffin and a bottle of water . the quality of the products should be on point , especially when the pricing is obscenely inflated because the establishment happens to be inside a prominent hotel on the strip . shame on you , coffee bean & tea leaf !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered a coffee and a caramel blended drink . i expected the coffees to be pricey ( most in vegas are ) . however , i was disappointed that the price point did not match the flavor . the coffee was ok , it tasted a little burnt . the caramel blended drink had no flavor at all . it tasted like icy milk , i ended up throwing it away . however , the staff is great . they were super nice and got the drinks out pretty quick considering how crowded it was .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ordered a iced mocha coffee and it was n't very good ! pricey too !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fully stocked , friendly service , conveniently located before you head in or out of the parking area and most of all this place is open 24 hours ! coffee bean is my favorite coffee spot any where i go . the best earl grey tea latte-hands down ! ! you 'll be sorry ordering this anywhere else .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the things i miss the most about la life - the coffee bean . this place outshines starbucks in every capacity ... i wish they 'd come to the east coast already ! the chai ice blended is my particular poison . delicious , perfectly blended , pretty low in calories and topped with a light whipped cream ( unlike starbucks , whose whipped cream alone is 100+ calories ) . this spot is a must-visit when i make it to vegas , since i rarely make it back to la . so glad it 's here , in one of my all-time fave hotels , the venetian . the staff is always nice , and the quality of drinks is great . ca n't ask for more . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "curse of the $ 5 coffee . i was no where near las vegas when they charged this ... but i was there in october . could it be that las vegas venetian 's coffee bean patternistically puts in repeat charges ? ! transaction date : 05 18 2006 post date : no additional information transaction description : coffee bean tealeaf las vegas nv restaurant charges charge : $ 5.55 merchant address : the coffee bn & tea leaf 3377 las vegas blvd s las vegas nv 89109-8910 usa merchant type : food fruit gourmet doing business as : the coffee bn & tea leaf want proof i was n't there in las vegas ? see the receipts for sf starbucks ( palo alto ) http : www.creditcard.org credit-card-fraud starbucks-palo-alto-ca-credit-card.htm and sf nordstrom coffee ( also in palo alto ) http : www.creditcard.org credit-card-fraud nordstrom-palo-alto-ca-credit-card.htm where the transaction dates are the same 05 18 2006 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's a coffee bean , so do n't look for some sort of seattle micro-roaster quality . however ! the hot chocolate-best of the chain coffee shops . i will remain loyal to your chocolatey goodness coffee bean . p.s . some healthy snacks available ! bag of nuts , oatmeal , bananas etc..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "conveniently located in the venetian and fully capable of taking care of your caffeine fix and or hydration needs . just be ready to pay that pervasive vegas premium .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ah , conventions in las vegas sometimes brings you to places you did n't planned to go ! i had some time to waste while at the venetian late in the afternoon and decided to find a place to get a chai latte . i found this little chain store within the `` gran canal shoppe '' area and it did do the job . service was nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "expensive like all coffeeshops in casino 's . $ 6-7 for a drink . somewhat better than starbucks , but by far no italian coffee . they carry sweets , salads and panini 's . although the latter run out quick . staff is slow and physical present , but mentally absent . little to none room to wait in an orderly manner . would n't visit if it was n't the closest to our room and the pool .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i fell in love with their white chocolate mocha , when i tried it for the first time at their sf location . when i saw it in the venetian , i ran straight to the coffee joint to buy myself a cup of that heaven . excellent , as always !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decided to grab a couple of matcha green tea lattes . i paid extra for double matcha in each latte . the flavor was very smooth with a slight sweetness . i would definitely try another one of the these . very tasty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the employees are very friendly and the location is great , but i 'm not crazy about their drinks . my latte came out extremely hot , so tried to connect to the wifi while letting it cool . the wifi never connected and i did n't really enjoy the taste of the latte , so i threw most of it away and continued on to starbucks to . the prices are pretty similar , but starbucks is a little cheaper and offers more sizes and variety . i generally try to support small coffee shops , but it does n't seem worthwhile when traveling . starbucks provides a much more consistent experience and has great free wifi without having to deal with pass codes . coffee bean was definitely a waste of time and money for me , but i 'll give three stars due to location and friendly staff .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "conveniently located within the palazzo right next to the elevator entrance , cleverly placed if you ask me . service was quick and efficient for a saturday morning . i 'd say they pretty much got the rhythm of things . however , i did feel extremely rushed when placing my order which was kind of annoying since i do n't frequent cbtl that often . overall good location and decent staff .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "free wifi with purchase of an item . score ! ! this place is a little bit of heaven while in the sin city . i was out here for a conference and had some work to get done . i went here a couple of days using the free wi-fi and drinking all the various teas they offer . great service , huge selection , and good customer service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love coffee but why is the coffee in las vegas especially for cb & tl so expensive . i used to love their coffee but i am in love with peet 's coffee which has better bean . service is 4 stars and they make sure i have double cups with extra cover since americano is hot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i tried coffee bean & tea leaf in sf and fell in love , so when i see a location , i make sure to go . this place is no different and did not disappoint . even though there can be a line , they moved quickly , made quality drinks and got our food orders out in time . loved that they were in my hotel which made it easy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has some delicious coffee tea and is very close to the casino floor in the venetian , but it is pricey ! the drinks are about $ 6-7 each . while staying in the venetian , it was the easiest thing to find for a morning pick-me-up . i really liked the option of choosing from a few teas and turning them into lattes . i had a strawberry green tea latte and thought it was absolutely delicious . there 's also a good assortment of baked goods , bars , and other bottled drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overpriced and under-whelming . better coffee at mcdonald 's . no full-flavored roasts ... tastes like hot water . got a cookies as well and it was $ 4 ... and dry as a bone . nough said .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst service ever . lady charged me $ 8 for a small iced coffee . and then when i complained she said there 's nothing she can do . i understand strip prices but this is absurd they should really train their staff better . both locations in the venetian are horrible . stuff is sitting behind the counter laughing and making inappropriate jokes with other . i saw one girl take the trash out and not even wash her hands . i do n't know what kind of business they 're running but this makes the venetian look horrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my 1st purchase at this company brand . wife and i had 2 frozen blended drinks - 1 mocha and 1 white chocolate . speaking for my mocha only - felt the coffee flavor was a bit bitter . well blended and drink size comparable to starbucks . ok , but starbucks has nothing to worry about .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am addicted to coffee . i love iced coffee even more that i really should . cb & tl makes an iced americano that beats any `` normal '' iced coffee , hands-down . 3 shots of freshly pulled espresso , a touch of water and ice . add my 3 sugar in the raw packets and a little half and half , and it 's perfection ! never bitter . in fact , one time , wayy back it was too weak , and i told the barista and he remade my drink perfectly . the daytime staff is tops . friendly and efficient , they remember how i like my coffee . a plus since i get it nearly 5 times a week ! steve is a great barista , and a friendly guy . the whole crew there is awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed a caffeine fix during a trip to the venetian , and the coffee bean seemed like an oasis in the desert - just what i needed ! i love blended frappe coffees and their chocolate hazelnut did not disappoint ; ordered the large ( regular seemed disappointingly small ) and did not regret it . only downside was the strip price , but at least i got quality for the $ $ .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kosher ... for those who care . the cafe is 24 hour ... yay . the coffee is decent . my bagel was n't that good , but you should n't come here for food : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the coffee bean has great coffee ! of course it costs a fortune as it 's inside a hotel but the flavor is good and beats starbucks for sure . they have lots of options and are happy to accomodate any of your crazy requests . the morning and evening staff here is friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very average if so , and expensive for the product . coffee is again very average with almost bland consistency . bought 2 different baked goods and they were dry and slightly oily as if the had been sitting out somewhere all day . location was the only thing which made me try this place . i 'd suggest go to bouchon or cafe presse", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had the blood orange tea . it was truly refreshing and was very sweet . the sugar gave me a jolt and allowed me to visit a few more casinos along the strip . the server was very friendly and answered my questions on the sweetness and gaver her opinion . she was very knowledgable about the products , which is a great reflection on the business . i had an expired groupon and she did n't bat an eye . she knew how to handle those . this is definitely a stop for me when i visit the venetian next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have an amazing range of coffees and is located at a convenient spot inside the venetian . their chocolate croissant is just mind blowing . ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bad ... very bad and rude service . we ordered coffee and the guy that took our order was very rude . he was giving us an attitude . we were new customers and of course we did n't understand what he was asking at first . he did n't even bother explaining stuff . the service is bad and coffee is too expensive .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "oh how i love coffee bean ! there are none where i live , so i made my co-worker come here for coffee two days in a row . i got my coffee fix with a great white chocolate mocha . something about their drinks are better - creamier maybe ? the service was decent - not exceptional fast , but fine . they are also located conveniently above the bouchon kiosk , so we went downstairs to grab pastries after getting coffee .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "requested an iced coffee little to no ice . i saw the barista make an iced coffee with a cup filled with ice to the top . i did n't know this was my iced coffee until i got it . i asked for it to have no ice . the barista started scooping ice out with a spoon . it did n't work very well . i asked for it to be without ice . they kept doing this scooping thing which never got out even half the ice because it was mostly ice . i never got the coffee i wanted . i think any other store in any other location would have just taken another cup and filled it with coffee to the top . they did not , and would not . i am not pleased . this mostly ice , coffee turned out to be almost 5 dollars .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered their cafe latte , it was so plain and no coffee taste at all ! would n't visit their store a second time", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i think its awesome that i was able to find a coffee bean in las vegas , expecially because i love their drinks ! however , because this is in vegas , and inside a casino mall , expect to pay a premium for your drink ( hence the lower rating ) . i ordered a regular vanilla ice blended . should come out to about $ 4 in la , but i paid $ 6 ( ok , $ 5.95 , so i 'm just rounding up ) . do n't get me wrong , i 'll still go by and get one , but you can be sure i 'm feeling the pinch on my wallet when i go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "anything that is n't that overpriced overhyped overrated starbucks is good for me . i like that the venetian is one of the few casino that has a coffee bean . they are located in the grand canal shoppes and do a fairly decent job , but is pretty slow even with a cup of coffee . but the quality is good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this review is not necessarily about this coffee bean in particular but about all of them . these coffee shops are by far the best in existence . i wish they had these where i live . they use only top quality ingredients and i love that they use powders instead of syrups for flavoring . the chai here is brewed in the espresso machine rather than using a premixed blend with steamed milk like most places . these coffee shops seem to only be around in southern california and vegas . when you see one , make sure you treat yourself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far this is the worst pizza hut location i had ever been . i went over there with my wife . to begin with our waiter kept us waiting for more than 15 minutes just to take the order . after we ordered we waited more than 45 minutes to get our pizza . when we got our pizza it was cold . we called the waiter to explain all the situation and then the manager came and apologized for the whole situation . we did n't see any reason why our pizza took so long to be served as we where the only ones in the restaurant . i do n't recommend this location , very bad customer service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "actually a 2.5 came here with some friends for their lunch buffet . we arrived at approximately 11:50am . after we were seated the server told us the food would be available in 5 mins and ask if he could bring us some water . he came back with our water but there was some ... stuff that was floating on top..yuck . the salad and pasta were ready but the pizza came out slowly one after the other . i kind wished they all come out at the same time cause pepperoni came out first and the hawaiian meat lover ( the ones i wanted ) came out much later . they also had an apple pizza available for dessert but it was pretty good . it was like a mix of a donut and apple pie . all we 're missing is the ice cream . no one came to clear our table even though the plates were building up . also needed to go up to pay .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have n't dined at a pizza hut in a very long time and i think it will be my last time . we were greeted promptly at the entrance and seated fairly fast . there were about 5 other tables occupied in the restaurant . after deciding what to order , we waited patiently but did n't see our server in sight ; mind you the place is n't very large . after waiting for unreasonable amount of time , we ordered a medium stuffed crust pizza and two pints of beer . the food arrived fairly fast and it was at best mediocre , we were not impressed . our server did not come by to check on our meal until the very end when we had finished our food . we got the bill and left pretty quickly after doing so . i noticed the table next to ours had to get up to inform someone they had not been approached . overall , a fairly disappointing experience and to add onto it the place is starting to look rundown and washrooms were n't very clean . i would not recommend this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wednesday night i was craving the hut so the wife and i made the trek to don mills and finch for some well deserved , artery clogging , greasy pizza . i have had enough eating home cooked meals . when we arrived a nice host guided us to our table . it was dead quiet inside , only a few families were seated . angie was our server and we ordered our absolute favourite pizza , large pan supreme lover 's with extra tomato sauce . she brought it to us within 10 minutes . it was piping hot and super fresh and looked tremendously delicious . i can never have pizza hut take out as it ruins it 's crispness while enclosed in the box ! the pizza was truly amazing , however , i would have given this place 5 stars if the pizza had that extra tomato sauce as it honestly was a bit lacking . the nice host relieved angie of her duties and billed us out . he was attentive to us . most definitely would return in the future and stress the extra tomato sauce motion .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we used to frequent this location while living in the seneca residence a couple hundred meters away . what a terrible pizza hut location . it 's kind of a disgrace to their name from what i 've experienced at other franchise locations . the pizza is still good though and i suppose that 's all that matters if your ordering out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst pizza hut . not many people working in this location . order takes forever , pizza came out cold . toppings were sparsely placed . definitely not recommended .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice service . crappy food . wifi is not working . went here for dinner . may come again to try lunch buffet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ordered on jan 1 and the total for 4 med pizza and wings came up to over $ 50 . the stuffed crust pizza cost me extra money but it did not show on the website . regardless , the pizza crust tasted like cardboard and pizza pizza is way better . they cheaped out on the toppings and my chicken and hamm pizza only had a few pieces on chicken where only 2 slices and 2 small pieces of chicken on it . for the price , i could have gotten more and better pizza somewhere else . i am very disappointed with this location . they also ran out of shrimp which was advertised on the website but i ordered early so i am assuming they did not want to give me shrimp . made a complaint to pizza hut and no response .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pizza hut hung up on me . i wanted a big mac with a side of krabby patty but they said no because you are a ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service was soooo slow , impolite staff , and the food was uncooked . i really do n't recommend it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "definitely one of the worst restaurants i have ever been to . ok so i came for the lunch buffet . the food was cold and dry and no new food came out for 15 minutes . the floor was dirty and our table was dirty with pizza sauce on it . when my drink was served to me there were particles floating around in it . there was a waiter of asian descent working that day that was picking up food from the floor with his bare hands in front of customers , very big turn off ! not the best customer service skills either . they seemed very understaffed . further more that location is very old and dated . like when they changed the pizza hut logo it would have only made sense to updated the interior of the restaurants too . it looks likes its still stuck in the 70 's . booths were dirty and had visible sweat marks on them . this location can do much better overall with its service and presentation . the staff could be more diverse and professional .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff was very nice at the takeout section . he was very helpful in explaining the kinds of deals they have . the only thing i did n't like from them is that they kept insisting we fill in their online survey . i believe they told us 3 times to do so . besides that , the food was quick , the food was fresh and the staff were friendly . i will definitely go back to it . hope this helps !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst pizza , i order chicken lovers pizza and all i got was onion and hardly you see chicken pieces . paid 20 dollars for medium size and not worth even for 5 dollars . cheap cheap , wonder why people order food from them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i live in the area and often eat here . but recently they have changed management and staff and have to say i am incredibly disappointed with the service . the new manager is some young guy who 's ego is way bigger than it should be . and the server had a bad attitude and did n't do a good at replenishing drinks or cleaning tables . went for the lunch buffet when it first started and there was no selection . all pizza was old and cold . very very disappointing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service is okay . i got a mani pedi but my polish did n't even last 24 hours . i went back for a redo and was in a time crunch which i told then i was . i was told to sit down and wait as i was told my nails did n't last because it was n't shellac . it 's not my first mani pedi ! ! ! after being told multiple time not long not long , i had to walk out . wo n't be going back", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went there to do my menicure and pedicure last weekend , a girl named lina did very good job . she cut my cuticle very clean , and help me fix the in grow nails . price is nice , service is good , i will come back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "new place open on bloor near dufferin . clean place , friendly staff , good service . prices are typical of places in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "long wait times and worst nails i 've had done in toronto . all of my nails are different shapes and the shellac is uneven . would never recommend or go back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "updated review : new owners , it 's still a very clean salon but the quality is n't quite as good as it used to be particularly with pedicures . it feels rushed without the attention to detail that the old owner had .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place for getting my nails done\uff01extremely clean and friendly.excellent service\uff0cthey do n't rush . pedi meni combo only $ 30\uff0cthey do shellac last longer than other place since i do . i love this place\uff0cand it is also my only nails salon for my nails .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am pretty sure the management of this place changed because the service is completely different . pretty sure completely new staff also . i called ahead of time to see if they did n't acrylic nails and they said yes but when i got there they told me they do n't do it anymore . i got gel nails instead and it was so poorly done i had to fix it at home . i got them removed at another location and the nail technician commented on how badly they were applied .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've visited numerous vape shops around town , and this shop is my # 1 go to spot for all my vape needs . there customer service is outstanding , they make sure you leave with 100 % customer satisfaction and all your questions are answered . pick n puff is a distinguished shop from the rest from the second you walk in the ambience alone is good enough to just vape and meet new people or just relax and lounge . they have a variety of juices including their own called `` daval '' i definitely recommend their dtg vanilla custard or you can try all their different flavors on their samples bar . this shop has it all their shop is immaculate , sure does make you feel like your walking into a high end vape shop ! overall this shop easily became my one stop shop for all my vaping needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously the best vape shop i 've walked into , you will not regret stopping by . dave the owner is awesome , customers experience comes first . they have tons of mods , authentic and clones , and will customize your rig . come in and enjoy the e-juice bar and find your new favorite flavor . thanks for hooking me up with a sweet mod !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best vape shop in vegas . very knowledgeable staff and great juices . they have a tasting bar so you can check out the flavors before you buy . if you have any questions or just need a build , this is the place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this used to be where aka teppan was . all the tables , chairs , cutlery , cups , and hot plates are the same . the menu however is much better . there 's a lot of small snacks , drinks , dessert and food variety ! the menu has like 15 pages ! the food was also much tastier than it used to be . they even have a $ 40 wagu steak on the menu . i 'm not sure how many people will be getting that , but i 'm sure it 's amazing . the service was n't bad either . the staff seem to be the same as the old restaurant . the service speed was not bad for a monday and they were quite busy for soft opening . the salty spicy fried squid balls and wasabi shake shake fries are a must try ! this will def become one of my regular spots again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was okay but service was incredibly subpar . we ordered two plates with addon mushrooms and both plates arrived without the addons nor did anyone try to clarify anything until we brought it up with the server . they also forgot about our drink order and did not start it until we finished our meal at which point they informed us that they would not be able to make one of them . we asked them to just remove it from the bill and not make the latter drink . the peach mango tea with tapioca we ordered arrived predictably without tapioca . at this point we did n't even bother bringing it up with the wait staff . food was okay . but for the price of having to add small ingredients on for $ 2 or $ 3 here , you 're better off going somewhere else for your meal . will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "may be i went on one of their off nights , but my experience here was not good . neither service or the food was worthy to return . seafood pancake was dry and burnt . and there was hardly any seafood in it hot water was lukewarm . nothing can be worse then lukewarm water . they gave us our ice cream dessert while we are still eating our dinner . ( our dessert had ice cream ! ! ) talk about lack of common sense from the servers . with so many restaurants in the area , it is hard for me to justify coming back if i did n't like anything the first time . let 's see how long flaming kitchen 's flame will last before burning out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nothing beats the sizzling plates here . the beef quality is far superior than mabu - thicker cuts and better marinated . i 'm not sure what the change is since the renovations but it feels like the old aka teppan ! there 's definitely more interesting menu items now with a page dedicated to durian desserts would definitely recommend the spicy mentaiko beef udon ! and the drinks are really well made , i usually would n't order but i love how their taro milk green tea taste ( not powder like , real tea taste ) and their mango drinks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 've been to aka teppan ( the predecessor at the same location ) then you 're in for a similar experience . the menu has been greatly expanded with newly enlarged selections of appetizers , drinks , and desserts . they also allow you to construct your own salad or sizzling plate . we started with spicy shake shake fries as an appetizer . it 's a paper bag with fries and a shaker of spicy powder for you to combine . on the plus side , you can control exactly how spicy you want your fries . i had the black curry beef udon for my main . it arrived on a sizzling hot plate exactly as advertised . make sure to flip your beef or it will stick to the plate . the noodles do n't suffer from the same problem because they 're covered in the curry sauce . i found the mild curry to be pleasant , but not memorable . i did manage to also try the flaming chicken spicy noodle which definitely lived up to its name .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3 5 did not visit aka teppan ( previous name ) , so wanted to try this place out . came on a saturday afternoon ~2 pm , and there were only two other tables . the menu has a mix of preset and custom built rice and noodle sizzling plates , in terms of entrees . ordered the mentaiko spicy udon ( 12.99 ) while others ordered the salmon steak rice set ( 13.99 ) and beef rice ( 9.99 ) . udon was quite tasty , with a cheesy spicy mix . make sure you flip the meat right away or else it might get stuck to the plate . wish the portion was a bit bigger for both udon and the beef , although both rice dishes looked to be decent . ca n't speak for the drinks and desserts , but not sure how they compare all the places nearby within fmp ( such as sugar marmalade and mabu ) right next door . could n't really gauge the service attentiveness given the lack of customers at the time , but generally a decent experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered cumin lamb rice . found a piece of hair before eatting it . told the waitress right away , i was shocked that the waitress did , she used bare hand to pick it out . and that 's it . after ate it had stomach pain . not sure if i wan na come back again . would give zero star if i can .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "compared to aka teppan , they have a much larger selection of food now . the tables and everything is exactly the same as aka teppan was before . one thing about their booth seats is that they are so extremely close to the table . i could n't imagine someone larger than me trying to sit in one of these booths . thats something they should really change . i did n't get a chance to try any of their main dishes , but i tried their bite size tofu and rice rolls . the bite size tofu was good . the outer layer of it tasted similar to fries , except theres tofu inside . it comes with some sort of dipping sauce , but for someone who can not handle spice , it was waaaay to spicy for me . as for the rice rolls , there is n't much to say . it tasted just like any other place . next time i 'm here , i 'd definitely want to give their drinks and desserts a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , this place is terrible ... even worse than the old aka teppan place that i only tried once and never went back . everything is oily and the ingredients are all of extremely low quality . bad ventilation so you end up smelling like meat after your meal . to top it off , the place is n't all that cheap for what you get . so many better places elsewhere , so not going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i actually liked aka teppan before and i do n't think the food now is any different than before . flavours and quality of food are still there . i think they did add some new stuff to their menu and the new selection is pretty good . we had their supreme beef , metaiko spicy udon noodle and black curry poutine . all were pretty savoury so i have no complaints there . as usual their portions will not fill you up but their prices are pretty decent . their appetizers has never let me down as the ones i 've eaten were all yummy : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place used to be called aka teppan . most famous for their sizzling plates . the menu has changed after the renovation . prices are around $ 10-15 for a rice or noodle sizzling plate . the sauce is inside the rice tower and the salmon and beef are only half cooked , the rest cooks with the hot plate . pretty cool concept .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "way to saucy . i got the salmon and beef with udon plate . i thought the dishes were pretty cool though , how it sizzles but too much sauce on them . my salmon dish had so much pepper , and i had to eat so much ride with that . the beef with udon was really good ! the beef quality was very tender , a lot better than some other places . thumbs up", "score": "3"}
{"review": "with the change in name also came with a variety of food and drinks including desserts ! i usually get the salmon with rice but now they include shrimp with the salmon which is a better bang for your buck ! their mango slush and kit-kat slush taste great ! ca n't wait to come back and try out more sizzling food items !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this place a lot better than aka teppan their menu is a lot better now , way more options . i 've already planned my next trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after flaming kitchen took over aka tenppan it has gotten much worse in comparison . keeping the concept of aka tenppan where dishes are served on a sizzling plate their menu has expanded to include more desserts and drinks . we came on a weekend for dinner and there was n't too much of a wait . we ordered a few snacks to share including the deep fried squid balls and shake shake fries where you can choose 1 flavouring of your choice to sprinkle over your fries and shake well to evenly coat it . for the main event , i ordered the black curry pork cutlet udon soup . i found the curry was n't that flavourful and the cutlet got soggy in the soup when i got to it . my friends all got the other sizzling plates and the portions have gotten smaller since the change of management . this place is good for the novelty but i probably wo n't be returning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service was terrible . we waited over an hour and a half for out table . not to mention , while waiting they gave our table away . the waitress claimed to have called us to let us know that our table was ready . but we did n't hear anything and they gave the table away to the group that was standing right beside us . once we were seated they took forever to bring the food out . food overall was alright . i honestly prefer going to the downtown location . i would probably not recommend anyone to eat at this establishment .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "rating - 3.0 5.0 this place opened just recently at first markham place . currently in their soft opening phase , replacing aka teppan with essentially the same menu along with some additional items introduced . spicy mentaiko beef udon ( $ 12.99 ) - the udon texture was done perfectly with the right amount of cheesy sauce and a bit of spice . however for the price , there was not much meat and the meat quality itself was lacking in my opinion . if you are a meat eater like myself , this may not fully satisfy you . but definitely give it a try if you love melted cheese and chewy udon . tom yum shrimp ( $ 7.99 ) - these shrimps were lightly crisp and were really plump in texture . the tom yum sauce was flavourful but there was just too much of it . although the shrimp still remained crispy for the most part , it would have been much better if they had the sauce on the side .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i were a huge fan of aka teppan ( previous name ) . we decided to try out this new place however we were very disappointed . quality has gone down and just does n't taste the same as before .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been to this place since it was called aka teppan . it is a great place to eat if you are looking for some good food . the problem is that this place is really small . usually , there is a wait . in terms of the menu , this place has more items that aka teppan . the food is similar , but they also serve a couple of different things . for example , there is a wider range of appetizers , and desserts . i have n't tried the desserts , but the fries and most of the appetizers are great . i was n't a fan of their drinks . it just felt like soda water sprite with some flavouring or food colouring . nothing to write home about . service is very average . it can be really slow sometimes with all the people that are there . i find that a little bit strange with the size of the place . overall , i would go back . i still have to try the desserts there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i used to come here even when it was called aka teppan , but after it became flaming kitchen , i swear it got even better ! the food is definitely more high quality now and the selections are very wide , including a make your own plate type of menu . i almost always religiously get the tom yum chicken rice , but i 've tried the dishes that my friends get when i come with them and they are almost just as good . ( jk- they 're definitely just as good , but i ca n't seem to get enough of the tom yum chicken rice ) service is alright here , the servers are friendly but food can come out a little slow . keep in mind they do n't take debit unless you spend more than $ 25 , and they do n't take credit at all . other than that , every experience here has been wonderful and it is definitely one of my favourite spots to come with friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is definitely one of my new favorite health and supplements places to go . the staff are always , always so helpful and friendly here : no big carrot rager attitudes ! overall they obviously do n't have the same amount of stock as other places , but it 's pretty decent for the prices they charge . everything seems fresh and very clean . prices are competitive and make this place worthy of a repeat visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "big selection and reasonable prices though i did find that some products were more expensive then what i paid for them at their roncesvalles location . i did not find the staff helpful nor knowledgeable about the products .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bought a bottle of oil of oregano , they were helpful and walked me through the difference between brands and content concentration level . they would be better off if they are able to speak better english , but they 're located in korea town , so i do n't blame them . good place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent place if you 're in the area . the store is spotlessly clean , the items fresh and the staff attentive and knowledgeable . what a difference to having to endure those miseries at noah 's at yonge and eligible . this place carries an extensive variety and assortment of well-regarded products and their prices are fairly reasonable . a go-to place for me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the prices are good for the most part , however , some items are way off beat . a remedy for $ 38.99 at qi is for $ 16.99 at ottway . thats too much of a difference . same with quercetin aor . $ 33.00 at qi , $ 22 at other places . so , make sure you have shopped around before going there . besides , if you have a question , dont ask at qi , they will give you an answer that you can not understand . you want good customer service for the bucks you are spending , then this place does not have that . i spent over $ 200 and it was as if they did not give a damn . every time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was very happy to find this place ! before kids i had tome to walk through kensington after work and lived in the annex so i had many choices . now that we live in bloordale my options are more limited and usually very expensive . i have compared many prices to essence of life in kensington which is great value for your buck and many of the items i purchase at qi are the same costs as essence . awesome . i agree - staff are not always so knowledgeable but i know enough to get around in a place like this so it 's not a real concern for me . will continue to be a devoted patron : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the price is right ! ( prices ) ... qi is a go to place for many of my staple needs - organic rice , dha , cereals , snacks , nuts , jams , ... most of the people working there wo n't be able to answer specific questions ( i.e . is product a or b , better ; what is good to use for x skin condition ... ) however , there is a male worker there , i 've only ever seen him in the daytime , and he 's knowledgeable . the others seem to be guessing their answers ; they 're just people who work there , neither trained to be , nor are , health buffs . that said , you 'll find enough variety in this store , and ... the prices are ( generally ) right . sometimes the walkways are narrow , but everyone seems to figure out how to respectufully get past each other .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have a very fine selection of raw herbs neatly packaged and preweighed but do n't expect any advice or help with the products . more often than not you 'll get a blank stare .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great prices , many of my regular purchases are cheaper here than even kensington market . but with all supplements , i find you really have to shop around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this natural food store has a great selection of just about everything from health and beauty products , to whole foods , supplements and bulk items . the aisles are more generous than other health food stores and i found that shopping here was a joy . prices were n't as high as i had expected , either .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have the season pass and go atleast once a week and each time i 've been in the last week ive been.disappointed . two weeks ago they threw a rubber baby in the wave pool and entice panic and claimed iy was a training exercise . disgusted . and today twice the pool with mushroom and waterfall in it was shut down due to adults pooping in the pool or puking dont know cant get a strait answer from any of employees . just sad there customer service sucks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "you know when this place first opened -- -amazing ! ! went back this past summer for the first time in over a decade and what a disappointment . it just seemed rundown and blah . kinda dirty as well . i find it to be pricey for what you get or rather do n't get . place still manages to get packed which makes it impossible to enjoy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "insanely expensive ! $ 6 parking . $ 8 locker . $ 9 wrinkled , burnt hot dog . i really hate this place . kids received season passes for christmas present . brought kids once and will never return . spent $ 46 on food and threw most of it away", "score": "1"}
{"review": "total waste of time . terrible employees . i have 2 season passes but i will never go back again . so terrible that i wo n't even bother to explain . off to kennywood for me and my family !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dont waste your time with this place . long lines , overpriced and no shade or cooling spots while you wait . half the `` rides '' were shut down . you 're better off with a garden hose . save your money or buddy up to someone with a pool .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's fun , but not as fun as kennywood . the boardwalk food is a bit too far from the wave pool and that makes for a lot of shoes on shoes off events . the lazy river could be much better . i did like the water slides and the potato patch fries , as well as the scenic location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "when it comes to water parks , not many could be more fun than this one . there is something there for anyone , from toddlers to adult . i 'm old enough to enjoy just sunning on a lounge chair while my son and his buddies run off to all the slides ... occasional dips in the pool to cool off keep me happy . from the wave pool and lazy river , to the tube or body slides , there is plenty of fun to choose from for kids of all ages . the lifeguards are very diligent . the food is well done and there 's a broad selection . best deal for entrance is a season pass , or even better the ride and slide with kennywood . that way you can enjoy a totally exhausting day ! take your sunblock and have a great time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a waste on my time . i was here for a hour and they closed it down ! there was a couple clouds 10 miles away . my little sister named tiffany started to cry she was so upset she wanted to go on the blue side but she did n't get the chance too . then my friend and i want on the lazy river and it was gross there was bug all over the place and in are hair . when they kick us out the lifeguard were yelling haha and also suckers ! and then when we were leaving my friend found old lady poop on the stall and then it was on her leg and shorts ! ! ! ! then when we left it was nice a sunny out . and it was my best friends birthday ! ! ! ! never coming back ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "now here 's a place that knows what it is . a place to ride a few slides , relax on the lazy river , and watch the hilarious pittsburghers walk around with jesus tattoos and many children . come for the slides , stay for the people watching .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wave pool seating area was filthy with garbage and rotted fruit . changing facilities dirty and shower area in wet willies does not have curtains .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went to the sandcastle waterpark this past weekend before we went to heinz field . we are a family of four ; dad , mom , 17 year old girl , and 8 year old girl . we all enjoyed it . there was plenty to do for everyone ; wave pool , kiddie pools , single tube slides , double tube slides , and body slides . it was a cloudy day in the upper 70 's , so it was n't crowded at all . check for coupons at giant , local flavor , and other places . some things do n't open until 12 pm , even when the park opens at 11 am . parking is $ 6.00 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this water park is alright . definitely outdated and needs some work but it is a way to get out of the house on a hot summer day . staff are friendly and lifeguards are alert . prices are a little steep but with this being the only water park around they can get away with it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if somehow someway sandcastle could have soak zone and soak zone ... wait no one should have sandcastle . i think i like it for the food and nostalgia because it 's definitely not the tiny pool . i 've been twice as an adult and it just did n't do it for me . i did want to get older just to go to the movie nights they used to host and now no such things exist anymore . the lines are always incredibly long and it seems this place is a bit dated like its sister park kennywood . kennywood is at least in my opinion enjoyable . i ca n't say i 've been to sandcastle and absolutely needed to come back . other great options include : splash lagoon ( it 's worth the drive ) and idlewild 's soak zone ( idlewild is for children soak zone is for everyone . ) as sandcastle is so close to my home i have high hopes for it to evolve into something better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ca n't recommend this agency enough ! i 've worked with kathy y several times for both domestic and international trips . it 's reassuring to know there 's a friendly , helpful and knowledgable person available to give advice . she 's always spot on and professional . my pleasure travel is just that- a pleasure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been working with these ladies for years ! they are so nice . i 've booked an alaskan cruise , 2 all inclusive resorts , a disney cruise and a viking river cruise with them . they know their stuff ! they have all traveled a lot and can share their experiences with me so i know what to expect . ran into a problem being stuck at the airport one time because of a mechanical delay and i called them for help . they were able to help me and notified the transfer company for me . a lot of my friends use them too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only travel agency i 'll ever use . kathy y has booked trips for my family to europe , africa , and south america and have never been disappointed . every recommendation from destination , lodging , etc have always exceeded expectations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently returned from an alaskan cruise that i booked through the agency . everything about the trip was well planned out and communicated to me . all the little details were taken care of to make this a wonderful vacation for my family of 5 . from all the transfers to the goodies that were in our cabin when we arrived the trip was perfect . thank you travel leaders for a trip of a lifetime .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. christensen is n't closed ... i just saw him today for an exam . i was referred to him from anthem pediatric dentistry and they were spot on . he was very nice , his staff could n't have been more efficient and pleasant , erika , his dental assistant , was very cool and did n't make me gag when she did the x-rays ( always a plus in my book ) . he took the time to answer all my questions and gave me some helpful suggestions for the mommy who has little time to do the extra stuff to take care of herself . all in all i am excited that dr. christensen is going to be my dentist . the only drawback is that he costs a good chunk of change if you are paying cash but he is well worth it . dentists are like everything else in life ... you get what you pay for ... .and you only have one set of teeth .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i have been seeing dr christiansen ever since we moved to henderson more than 5 years ago . we have nothing but praise for his professionalism and the way he runs his business . he is also very personable and easy to talk to . he recently moved to his current premises on jeffreys and bought with him all this great staff . i highly recommend dr. christensen for anyone looking for a dentist in henderson area", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice ! very professional ! dr christensen 's work is the best i 've had . recommend to everyone . i drive from the other side of town to see him . staff is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. christensen and his staff are very kind , courteous and most of all conservative . he explains everything he is doing every step of the way and is the nicest dentist you will ever meet in this town . he is straight forward , helpful , and does not recommend work that does not need to be done like so many dentists do in this town . i highly recommend dr. christensen ! julie c .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "smoke and mirrors ! i am very surprised at the reviews here for dr christensen.his office and staff seem nice , however , i found him to be second rate and rather lazy in comparison to the dentists i have been to in the paloalto area where i am from.his clean and modern office seem more like a case of smoke and mirrors to diffuse the fact of his actual lack of knowledge of more advanced dental care .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have seen tyler for years . he knows his stuff and is extremely fair . did a few crowns veneers for me and im very happy with the result and service received for any follow up issues . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ive been to a few dentists in town and my experiences have never been that great . i even have some friends who claim that they go to california ... well look no further than this place . i was extremely happy with how smoothly things worked here , how friendly the staff was , how competent the dr. tyler was , and how great they were with explaining things .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. christensen is the best dentist i 've ever had ! ! ! from first rate service as in the actual dental care to his staff ... i ca n't complain . i actually met him because we are both stationed together at the same base and it just so happened that i was due for my annual examination . he gave me his card so i thought i give them a try and i 'm glad i did . the office is very modern and they even have complimentary bottled water for patients and magazines to keep you company . the doctor is quite funny himself and so is his hygienist ( also an air force veteran ) . although i am currently in ca for work , i will definitely go back to their office once i return to las vegas . i used to live in centennial hills and would drive all the way across town for my appointments with them . well worth it and thank you dr. christensen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. christensen is a really nice guy and a great dentist ! the staff was very friendly and personable ! they even have evening appointments ! highly recommend dr. christensen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. christensen is very gentle and looks only to do the dentistry that best suits his patients . i really love all the team ... erica , sharon , val , jill , di , and anita . dr. anderson is tyler 's female associate . i 'm sure she 's excellent to be in his office with him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for a haircut . fun environment with ladies that know how to give a quality hair cut . i prefer kim , however they are all very good . rarely is there a long wait . highly recommend this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had an issue with a previous haircut at this location and was contacted directly by the manager , leanne . she was more then willing to see me right away to fix my haircut . i went in on 5 26 and met with leanne in person . she took me asap and addressed the issue i had with my haircut from the day before and assured me it would not happen again . i was more than pleased and will definitely be coming back to this location in the near future . i will highly recommend having leanne service you as she is upbeat , very personable , profesional . she definitely gave me the sport clips experience i have always expected and experience at many other locations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love getting my haircut here . as a guy , i do n't have ( or need ) a `` regular '' stylist . sports clips is great because they take all of the awkward conversation out of it . no need to feel guilty making small talk , because you can watch the game while your hair is being cut . that being said , the staff is always warm and friendly , and i have n't gotten a bad cut yet . i give four stars instead of five because the wait time is a bit long at times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the mvp is awesome and jackie is a great stylist and funny . not rushed in n out like some other places .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "evan is the best ! if she is not available then kim rocks too ! been going here for years ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kim is my new favorite cutter . i 'm a seasoned veteran of sport clips , but had never been to this location . she greeted me warmly , signed me in , sat me down , and got started . this is the point at which she distinguished herself -- she started by asking me questions and actually listening to what i had to say . kim figured out my hair and the radical ( for me ) changes i wanted to make . halfway trough the cut , she stopped and carefully reviewed the progress with me before finishing the job . after the ordeal ( haha ! ) , i bounced out of the shop with my most satisfactory haircut in years . i 'll go back to this sport clips again and when i do , i 'll have kim pull another rabbit out of her hat . if you 're looking for a haircut , give this place a shot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was fortunate to have evan cut my hair . it was a fantastic experience . she did a wonderful job and took the time to listen to me about my hair and how i like it to look . evan is a wonderful ambassador of the organization .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called ahead and asked if their firewood was air or kiln dried before selling . they said it was . after further research , here are some things that are more wet than the firewood they sell there : - the dishes you 're soaking right now - most dolphins - the bridge of the rms titanic and that 's about it . they could supply fire departments with the wood they sell there as a flame retardant . if you somehow manage to light it on fire in violation of the second law of thermodynamics , prepare for many hours of enjoyable popping as a result of molten steam fired embers shooting out of your fireplace . 3 10 would not burn again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we ordered garden soil from fair oaks nursery because we try our hardest to support small businesses , but i unfortunately have nothing good to say about this business . we ordered 2 weeks ago , and still no dirt : ( . that is n't even the worst part , the owners customer service skills are terrible . wo n't answer our phone calls , hung up on me , and now dodging us for requesting a refund . buyer beware . the day i posted this , my husband finally was given the phone number by stephanie ( manager ? ? ) of the company that delivers soil to customers and we finally have what we paid for . still not recommending this company due to really poor customer service . i really do not like the fact that the other negative review of this company is somehow `` not recommended '' . if it is truly a fair opinion by the person posting it , why not show a bad review ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been here a few times within the last few months . i love that it 's close to me , everyone who works here is nice and seems knowledgeable . they have a perennial punch card which rocks . they seems to have a decent amount of plants to choose from .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i shop here because i live nearby , and have had some good experiences . i like that they can deliver bulky stuff to my house , because i do n't own a motor vehicle . i buy things like bales of straw , potting soil and mulch from them . but i 've also had many poor experiences : - coming down during their posted hours , only to find they 're not open , and the person out watering plants had no idea when they would open - practically no vegetables seedlings yet available in early may - trying to buy perennials early in the season , they were so leggy and sick-looking i went elsewhere - outdoor planters that look nice for one season , but disintegrate in wisconsin winter . - worst of all , a seed selection where most the seeds are two or more years old . i really wish i could recommend this store , but there are just too many problems .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ordered 2 yards of their garden mix to fill my raised gardens . let me say i 'm less than satisfied . i had to filter out tons of plastic wrappers , cig buts , growing weeds , pieces of trash in general , rocks , sticks and leaves . i would have paid more than the $ 120 i was charged if that meant i could get it trash free ! when i called i was told several times `` no that 's right or ok '' but in the end i was apologized to and that was that . if they were smart they would have given me a gift card to their garden center to make me come back and give them a second chance but nothing just an `` i 'm sorry '' . i moved right down the street and was excited about this company to frequent throughout the summer . i will never do business with them again . plenty of competitors in the area .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went here to pick up an outdoor plant for my boyfriend 's grandmother , not knowing anything . they have a vast selection ! however , the person working was n't so helpful or interested in helping much . i 'd recommend this place if you know what you want , but not if you 're a novice gardener .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't know what to say about this place really , it 's kind of left me with mixed feelings . i 'll start with the bad for a change . i do n't want to question somebody that 's qualified to do something that i ca n't . but i got the impression that they did n't really know what to do with longer hair . i imagine most guys that go decide on a number between 2 and 5 and its done . i think the staff member was just mad that scissors had to be used to cut my hair . i did n't get a bad hair cut , but it was n't great either . the good , it 's very close to the city centre and i did n't have to wait at all . it 's also cheap , but then again what barbers is n't . good if you need something done quickly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "used to visit here quite a lot but since then there have been several new hairdressers ( owners ? ) and they do not seem to offer the hot shave that i enjoyed so much when the turkish armenian guy was still there . the girl hairdresser is well competent and very sweet if not a little patronising - as she offered me a sweety after being a 'good boy ' when the haircut took place . you could tell it was done often as she had a big jar of the sugar treats ! however i did have a very good haircut , but next time i 'd like to leave a place without feeling like a 12 yer old : o )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the new owners have had this place for over year now and aleks ( the male barber ) always does a great job . i always get a very short bald fade and his blending is masterful and he takes his time . the lady barber i have had less success with .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best advice i can give you is run ! i give them one star because lying with a straight face is a talent and apparently a requirement for employment at auto action . they spend way more time and effort covering up shady practices than they do improving customer service and their product . i would have been better off using my down payment for a beater and just making repairs along the way . super shady billing department . i called in because my debt card got lost and was using it for auto draft . i thought hey , let me use a checking account this time so i dont have to worry about lost debit card . the billing rep said checking account does not work anymore and to give him a new debit card so he can process the transaction . i tested his claim and tried to make a payment with my checking account ... .. wola it worked and money was removed from my account . bottom line , auto action is exactly what you think it is ... so stay away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "uninspired sales staff . could n't bother to even get the keys after i asked for them . way higher prices than competitors too . made a purchase the next day for far less for a comparable vehicle . save yourself the trouble .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i recently purchased a 2014 dodge charger from auto action . my car buying experience with auto action was a very positive one . i was looking to purchase a newer reliable vehicle and they helped me do just that . the salesman at the 19th ave and van buren location made me feel like i was in good hands and had my best interest at heart . i got a great deal on price , term , interest and warranty ! . thank you to all of the auto action staff for making me feel like family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ok price . the problem with this place is the guy that runs it and the staff . rude does n't even begin to describe them . they could use some customer service training .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had n't had pizza nova for a while , but i remember it being much better value . i had a pepperoni pizza here the other day , and it was more reminiscent of a 3-for-1 pizza joint . it was cheap ( but expensive ) , chincy on the cheese and pepperoni , and the crust was like flavourless dry cardboard . the sauce was quite good however , and the storefront is very clean . it also took 20 minutes for a medium 1 topping pizza at a non-high traffic time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this review is only for the bruschetta pizza ! soooo good ! did n't try anything else but my dad had it at a friends one night then we ordered more since he said the flavor was really good . he was right , there was one seasoning that was stronger but i still enjoyed it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "located on the government mall in front of the state capitol , the wesley bolin memorial park enjoys a collection of memorials to various historical times , places and people in us and arizona history . it 's a big grassy and concrete space with a noisy bubbling fountain , a small amount of shade and a handful of homeless people . the war memorials seem to take up the most space and where i briefly thought that the concrete was broken , is actually a map of vietnam . the standing carved stones with the bill of rights ( the first ten amendments to the us constitution ) was impressive too . hooray for the first amendment . hooray for the second amendment . and so forth . there is some parking but i imagine that there is n't enough on weekdays with all the government workers here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful downtown phoenix setting to visit . a peaceful area that pays tribute to fallen officers and vets . statues and memorials that represent pioneer women . all displayed in a large community green area around jefferson & 17th . this area is known for runners and a beautiful walk way for fitness . i frequently visit to view the scenery and get a good work out in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best place to participate in a run and i 've done so many times ! it 's really nice to see the beautiful arizona government architecture surrounding you in the park while you get ready to run for a cause . i 've done the p.f . chang 's rock n ' roll half marathon , susan g komen ( when it used to be here ) and also the march for babies . each event is well organized and the plaza makes for a great starting and ending point . even if they do n't have a run going on , i still suggest stopping by and walking around to take in some downtown phoenix beauty !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "located around the state capitol , this park serves as a memorial for fallen officers and vets . multiple statues and memorials , as well as a large community green area around jefferson & 17th . the park also serves as a local running course for many events such as the run to remember , the phoenix 10k and the start of the pf chang marathon half marathon . the course is fast and flat and makes for a good running experience through the streets to phoenix . the above mentioned green space allows tired runners a nice spot to relax and refresh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stumbled upon this memorial park while in downtown phoenix and found it to be a perfect way to spend the rest of our trip to arizona . fairly large park of korea , wwii , vietnam , fallen officers and september 11th tributes in forms of sculptures and monuments . all of which are greatly information , but do a good job of providing history on those who fought in the war with great honor and providing remembrance of those who have fallen for freedom . great to stroll through , run around on the grass or sit in the shade kind of park . parking is also free .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lovely park filled with history . i was exploring downtown and enjoyed taking it in along with the beautiful capitol grounds . only thing that would make it better is a water fountain !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you want to see some classy & reverent memorials - visit this park . it is near the state capitol and there is plenty of parking . bring a camera .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great place to wonder an afternoon away . numerous monuments for wwii , vietnam , korea , fallen peace officer , even sept 11 monument . large grass park easy for kids to run . parking is free and easy to access .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was pleasantly surprised with this memorial park . it has several monuments and statues all spread out which you can take a nice little stroll around . it 's also surrounded by the senate and house of representatives buildings as well as the courthouse and the state capitol museum .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not exactly sure where the `` plaza '' in the name comes from , but ok. kind of a run down memorial park with monuments dedicated to the civil war , korean war , vietnam war , etc . etc . homeless seem to use the area as a meeting place . many things are in poor repair . a lot of trash , broken lights , wiring exposed etc . ( see pics )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great place to visit while downtown phoenix . we were there during the pearl harbor memorial ceremony dec. 8 , 2012 . very nice , respectful ceremony . a lot of vets and current service men were present . many statues and memorials to visit while there . a `` must see '' , especially if you live in the valley !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after searching high and low for the perfect shallac manicure , i found it at ana 's nails . this place checks all the boxes . all the ladies there are super sweet , it 's reasonably priced , clean , huge selection of colours and they do a fantastic job . what more could you ask for ? i 've now been here 6 or 7 times and will never go looking for another nail salon . i usually try to stretch a shellac manicure 2.5-3 weeks and even by week 3 i have no chipping . i can not say enough great things about this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love this place . wish i found it sooner to be honest ... they do such an amazing job . they really pampered my mother and i when we went in . ana did an amazing job on the design i wanted on my toe nail . their always busy when you go in but they will always try to serve you and they do n't make you feel rushed in any way . defiently happy i found an amazing , clean salon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quality of nails sucks.. broke after 2 days brand new set . go to get fixed and he tells me that they do n't have time because another appointment is coming in 5 mins and it takes 20 to fix . could it hurt told me he did n't have time right now or if they really cared made a way to make it work . what kind of customer service is that . my bill was over 100 $ 2 days prior and your not even gon na fix my nail that you did a poor job on ? over priced for poor quality . never going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the first time i went to this place it was over a summer and very late at night , i was with a group of friends and the owner of the place was working , he patiently waited for us to finish and never came to ask us to leave . we stayed thinking that buda cafe was open till late at night , we stayed almost 2 hours passed the closing time . the owner never said a word and waited for us to leave , we all felt so bad for making him stay so late but grateful for his hospitality . i really enjoy the shisha at this place , the flavours and the coffee and fruit selection , i am big coffee fan and i like the great customer service persian know how to give . i definitely recommend this place . # 30daysofyelp", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ah lost my shisha cherry here many years ago . now it 's just obligatory for me to do the same to my shisha virgin friends at the same spot . if you are a shisha newb , i recommend the mint flavour as a starter . it 's more refreshing than the other flavours and you wo n't end up with a gain headache . do n't purchase extra charcoal . by the time you get to 2nd charcoal that came with your shisha , you 'd be smoking charcoal fume only . so if you want to smoke more , i suggest you to get an extra shisha .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "right off of yonge street and very close to finch station , if you feel like going to a hookah lounge - this is n't a bad place . it 's not really much of a lounge setting , more of a small restaurant and they bring the hookah to you . the day i went , the fire alarm kept ringing . i assumed the owner would come over and apologize or reassure my friend and i that there were no problems ... however , it just kept ringing the whole time we were there . there is n't really anything special about the place and it 's really small in size . 3 5", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this shisha bar has been around since i was in high school . i love coming here especially in the summer , for their little outdoor seating by the street . price is reasonable , for food and drinks alike . they have a good selection of flavors for their shisha . only thing that was always a peeve for me was the seating , but there 's not much else to complain about .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is legit . shisha offered is never harsh and it never burns your throat . good selection of hookah flavours , they serve alcohol and the service is great . and the restaurant itself is really clean inside and not dirty like your typical hookah bars in scarborough north york area . will always go here for hookah , great location as well : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hooray for yelp check-in offers ! by checking in at buda cafe , you get $ 8 off your purchase of two shishas.. but wait , they advertise the same on their menu.. the owner of buda is very homely and accommodating - he constantly came over to our table to check on our charcoal . he turns away customers when it 's close to their closing time , but never rushes the existing customers already seated . the flavors are extensive - mixed fruit , watermelon , lemon ... etc . they also have a drinks menu that range from mojitos to straight shots . the patio seats around 8-10 people , and is a great place to just relax on a warm summer night . if you have not tried shisha in this predominantly persian neighborhood , buda cafe is the place to go ! bonus points : surprisingly clean washrooms !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a cozy place to go for shisha ( no orange heads though ) . upbeat music playing in the background . great service but a little stingy with the charcoal . the shisha itself was fancy but the flavor felt weak . free wifi . prices are reasonable . discount for buying 2 or 3 shishas and 10 % discount on top of that every wednesday . check out their website for their daily specials .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had a roasted brown tea and a cappuccino . here 's the thing : - good selection of teas , and for what concerns the tea i ordered , i do n't have reason to complain . - the cappuccino : being italian , i think i can proudly say i know how to differentiate a good one from a bad one . exactly , a bad one : this is by far the worst cappuccino i ever drank , and certainly , not worth $ 5+tax . service was a mere o-k just because we 've been asked if we wanted chocolate or cinnamon on the capuccino . we decided to go for cinnamon , and we got chocolate instead . overall the experience was ... .blah ! buda bar is safe when it comes to tea but ca n't say the same when it comes to capuccini ( fyi : 1=capuccino , 2 or + = cappuccini ) . unfortunately i got ta say that from my experience if you can , choose another place where to `` invest '' your money for a drink . : )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "im used to strong shisha flavors . the mango flavor was too weak for me . expected music and a more vibrant environment . wasnt too impressed with the place . the waffle with the three ice cream scoops and fruits was w", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i recently moved into the neighbourhood and was excited to try this place out but i do n't think i 've ever been this displeased with restaurant service , especially as someone who has worked in the restaurant industry and is very patient . i came here with my boyfriend and started off with drinks , telling the server that we would get shisha after our drinks . my boyfriend finished his drink before me and was sitting there for probably 10 minutes without anyone coming over after the owner and the lady working there passed us several times . i finished mine and we sat there for probably another 15 minutes without so much as an acknowledgement . i was going to give him another 10 minutes but after seeing them serving other people , passing us several times and the owner sitting down when it was clear we were finished our drinks , it started to feel like we were being actively ignored . we got fed up and paid for our drinks and left , when we were planning on getting another two drinks as well as shisha . waste of time and money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very chill especially on a monday evening . we told them the corner is too loud so they turned down the music volume for us . good shisha and persian tea served with a small chocolate bite . their interior is also very home like and dim . i think their shisha is much milder compared to other places . i usually cough after smoking , but not here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went there a few days ago and i loved the place . the people working there were nice and the they had great shisha .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the worst shisha places in toronto . i think they closed down because this place is literally empty all the time . i feel so sad to see this great location go to waste .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not many places in this block to just have a drink if you do n't feel like soju or sake . i 've passed by this place many times so thought i would give it a try . it 's not quite a lounge , and could be made to be more comfortable inside . we sat on the patio and ordered two hookahs - it was priced as expected although they said there was a deal on that day . i would n't pay more than what we did - about $ 11 per hookah . excellent flavour selection . the martinis were a bit pricey considering they tasted like there was only 1oz of alcohol in them , and for the lack of atmosphere . not sure i would order a cocktail here again , but would come back for the hookah !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place . the sheesha ( although herbal ) is never disappointing and the owner has to be the nicest guy around and he looks after the customers . never ordered any food items coz i usually enjoy sheesha with a nice drink . coffees and teas are great every time . decent price and a nice cozy ambiance ... no complains . kinda small for large groups so definitely call ahead for availability .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "buda cafe is a very chill cafe . its a little cozy place tucked away on yonge , but the owners are very accommodating . no matter how big the crowd , they always seem to make a table for them . service to me was amazing . they were even nice to look out for customers in regards to parking . they have specials like two shishas for $ 21.99 and you could mix upto two flavours per shisha without extra charges . i had amaretto sour thinking it might not be good but the cocktails and food were pretty good here too . overall a very relaxed friendly environment . definitely a place worth coming back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pricey but very sanitary . the staff is nice , and it 's a nice environment at night . it 's more of a restaurant setting rather than a lounge .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "buda cafe is located at northyork and yonge . the bar area is quite small , however it makes up with a friendly staff and a good shisha . they offer an outdoor seating in summer , try mintflavor for shisha and green tea for drink . enjoy !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . great service , great drinks , great atmosphere . to bad toronto stopped allowing hookah bars . the shush a was always very flavourful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shisha slash hooka for $ 15 is the way to go , plus it is n't bad . small place but a nice atmosphere with a nice little menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hmmmmmmm . mouth closed because i am still thinking about the poutine i had . i am not a fries girl either , so that is saying something . from the service to the food itself , definitely a 5-star experience . the cooks and servers were young bunch of guys and they were surprisingly professional , fast , and polite ! the poutine : wow , cheese curds galore ! i love it ! the gravy was nice . the fries ! ! ! ! ! fries were not soggy like most other places . they were crispy and thick ! yummmmmmm ! i tried the original poutine and the one with pulled pork . both awesome ! we usually just get regular size and it feeds three people comfortably , before feeling guilty about the food . i will wait to try their philly cheesesteak , which i am sure is `` philly '' nomenal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not many places for a cheese steak sandwich , but i must say this place does a pretty good job at it . had a regular steak sandwich with whiz and poutine and left full and happy . both were very good and has my vote . portions come in either regular size which is what you would expect in a good size portion and philty size for those who still believe that super size is the way to go . if you are a cheese steak or poutine fan , this is definitely a must try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i find myself here at least every few weeks if not more depending on when i get a cheesesteak craving , and when i do , this is the place i have to come to . i have yet to find a better cheesesteak in newmarket and honestly do n't think i 'll even bother looking so long as philty phillies is around . my go to order is the regular cheesesteak with double provolone , onions and cheese whiz as well as a bacon cheesesteak poutine . i find even getting regular size servings can generally feed 2 people easily but maybe that 's just me . the staff is always pleasant and the quality is fairly consistent . they also recently introduced a delivery option which will definitely enable me to be even philthier than i already am . my love for this establishment knows no bounds so please do yourself a favor and pay philty phillies a visit , i promise you wo n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "anytime i 'm up in newmarket i have to stop here for a philly . the staff has always been friendly and quick . best philly that i have found so far . you can chose what type of cheese and topping you want on it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! i find myself craving poutine from here on a regular basis , and there are so many different flavours to try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! i ordered a bacon poutine and a peppercorn steak sandwich . everything was pretty much perfect and looks like everything is made to order . you even see them laying strips of bacon on the grill so you know theres no warmed over stale crap like most places . the ingredients seem good too . the gravy is very tasty and the large choice of sauces all sound good . my only slight complaint was the fries could be a bit crispier . maybe i 'll try ordering them well done next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this place on yelp and decided to give it a try . i love poutine and i 'm very picky about it . this was pretty good . they used real curds and used fresh ingredients . i felt like the gravy could have had more flavour . it 's a great place to stop for a quick bite , prices are pretty good and the staff was very friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "philthy size poutine is a must try ! ! its huge , you have to be sharing it . i think it looks like a pound of fries ! place is nice and clean . staff is friendly . i ca n't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu ! 4 stars for food and service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered the classic poutine and the philly cheese poutine in the regular size . the fries were not greasy and the gravy and cheese curds were perfect . we ordered our food a bit before noon , and it seemed as though we were the first customer of the day . but it picked up very quickly . definitely will return if we are in the new market area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in a few weeks back while visiting the area for work at the suggestion of a work colegue . i would say the food was ok , not like pats or gino 's in philadelphia . might give it another try when i 'm back in the area again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am from philly originally , and i decided to try this out after some people have told me it was good . i am sorry to say this is nothing that is even close to a authentic cheesesteak . for the ones who thinks this is good , go to philly , get a real cheesesteak from there , and then compare .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "overall above average establishment , i had the standard poutine and classic philly cheese steak sandwich . the sandwich was n't anything too special but was tastey enough to warrent a return visit . i 'm no expert on philly cheese sandy 's but i feel like a toasted bun would have given the taste experience an extra dimension . the poutine was very good however , very flavourful gravy with even coverage throughout .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time recommendation is to go classic ... do n't bother with the poutine because its really standard , but the sandwiches are good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the best place for poutine in the area ! ! i got the philthy size poutine for me and my brother and they really pack it it . easily feeds 3 people . the workers are extremely kind and knowledgeable about the menu . customer service is 100 % amazing place we will continue to come for the food and the people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't know why i did n't try this place sooner . philly cheese steak sandwich was delicious , got mushrooms , jalapenos , and provolone as toppings with the special philthy sauce and it was excellent . will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was a little apprehensive about trying this after seeing the less than savoury sandwich that was posted shortly after this place appeared . my friend and i popped in on a whim . my expectations for this place was a bit of a roller coaster ride . the staff is extremely friendly . service was great . the lady that took our order managed to convince my skeptical friend that cheese whiz is the way to go for a philly cheesesteak . mmm ... cheese whiz . being light eaters , we opted to share a philly supreme and original poutine . our food looked pretty damn good and i was super excited . the taste , however , was a little lacking . i expect big beefy taste so i was a little disappointed . the poutine was loaded with cheese and gravy but again , the taste was just okay . overall , the service was great and food was okay so i 'd go back , albeit with steadier expectations .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "spent some time at the mall and found this spot online and was not let down . compared to the powerhouse smoke 's poutine , philthy philly 's is a lot better in my opinion . i had the chicken parm poutine and my girlfriend had the pierogi poutine . both were amazing ! whats great is everything is made in front of you and seeing other orders being made up makes you decision tough because everything looks great . the staff was friendly and are generous with the toppings the load on . ingredients are fresh and the fries are fresh-cut instead of fried from frozen . this is definitely a re-visit as there are so many different flavours and sandwiches to try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in the area and was looking for a quick bite . staff was extremely friendly . got the original philly cheesesteak and a philthy sized original poutine . philly cheesesteak was tasty , but the philthy sauce was a bit sweet for my liking . the poutine was amazing ! ! portions are big and can be shared .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the $ 5 philly cheesesteak sandwich was awesome , delicious promotion way to go philthy philly 's . i also had the pulled pork poutine that was very tasty yum yum . very friendly staff a hit as always .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very tasty steak sandwiches . reasonable price for it 's portion . recommend . friendly staff . we love their fries as well , not frozen macdonald type but thick and crispy . very good selection of poutines .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a find ! poutine and philly cheesesteak sandwiches cooked to order with your choice of toppings . reasonably priced . had the classic cheesesteak with swiss and added cheese whiz , grilled onions , peppers etc . also had the triple cheese poutine , the gravy was perfect ! fries are are fresh cut . soooo tasty ! will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am no food critic but the philly cheesesteak was just average . it feels like something 's missing . i liked it though and the place being local makes it a bit more enticing . also had the bacon cheesesteak poutine and it was nothing compared to my fav poutine spot , smokes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have a really hard time finding a poutine i like . this place okay but does n't quite hit the spot . good fries , nice gravy , but in future i 'll ask for less of it , as the fries were soggy . nice staff .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "solid poutine place , they can be a little fry heavy and short on toppings , but the flavours are very good . strongly recommend the breakfast poutine any time of the day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is great ... service friendly ... the portions are insane ! seems a bit expensive but it is shareable food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's huge , it 's sloppy , it 's indulgent and its way better tasting than it has any right to be ! listen , its a lot of meat and cheese and saut\u00e9ed vegetables stuffed into a bun . it was more than i could finish but if you 've got the appetite it 's quite a meal . the quality of the food is n't anything special for flavours but its definitely better than a burger chain , and i 'd recommend it for deep hunger or deep drinking .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not impressed with service ... they forgot about my order of the original poutine while i was on my lunch break . took over 10 minutes .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "`` philthy '' size is quite huge ! for 2 people it was dinner and breakfast . very tasty , we got pulled pork poutine . there was a lot of meat , a lot of cheese curds , and gravy was even through out the massive amount of fries . great value too . it 's nice to see the kitchen space , where everything is cooked and prepared in front of your eyes . the restaurant is clean . it 's probably really nice in summer , as there is a huge `` window garage door '' that probably stays open on warm summer evenings", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this space ! ! and the community makes it feel like home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the new yoga digs studio in green tree ! ! it has such a positive and calming atmosphere with extremely friendly and experienced instructors . yd offers so many different fun classes ... i would definitely recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yoga digs is a great group of instructors & positive community . they did a great job offering unique events while in their south side location . looking forward to joining them for class in green tree !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i started doing yoga last march and i started at yoga digs . never having done yoga i came to class with low expectations , however i was impressed by the relaxed and inviting atmosphere and the connection between the teachers and students . i was able to learn and grow in my yoga classes . i am now a die hard yogi ! ! my husband has done nothing but comment on the positive changes in my body and my attitude . lindsay and the crew are top notch ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "going to have to give this place a big fat one star . we came here for a lunch date for the girls . the servers were disorganized and rude . they were dealing with a busy lunch crowd , especially being in the path that 's always a given . i ordered the bibimbap and shortly after my stomach did not agree with what i ate = the servers refused to split our bills up because we had made reservations . never thought that was a rule , when we settled with one bill but different payments she gave us attitude and told us `` no '' walked away and came back with the machine demanding us to pay for the bill . not only that but she added 15 % gratuity in pen on the receipt after she had printed it . another rule that was made up . the food was mediocre as expected in the path , over priced and undelivering but i guess someone has to pay for the rent . i will not be returning even if my meal is free .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a great place in the financial district for a `` nice lunch '' without breaking the bank . they serve up japanese and korean food so you can get a sushi sashimi combo , a bento box , bimbimbap , etc . service is decent and relatively fast so you can be in and out within an hour . reservations are recommended , especially in december when lots of people splurge for the holidays and get together with friend coworkers when things are n't quite so busy at the office . i come here every time i have a craving for hwe dup bop ( akco 's version is rice topped with arugula field greens , and sashimi with korean spicy sauce ) . this seems to be the only place in the downtown core where you can find it ( or at least so i could find ) . it 's a pretty solid choice for when food court sushi wo n't cut it , but you do n't want to spend the $ $ $ $ to go to a place like ki .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "arrived here like a stray lamb for lunch with some co-workers . we were quickly seated in two nearby tables as we were a large party . they have attractive names in their menu , grass fed cow . makes them sound more delicious . i ordered the bulgogi bibimbap . it was yummm.. their gochuyang is more sweet than usual , but i enjoyed the taste and it tasted great especially for the path . i sampled their meatballs from my nice coworker , and they taste really nice.. italian ! a pleasant experience despite secretly craving the kalbi , but i happily settled for the bulgogi for the lower price . lalala~~", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's always nice to see some additional ethnic food offerings in the financial district . so in that regard , this place does ok . but apart from the location , there is really nothing spectacular about this place . i came here for a work-related lunch . we had reservations , so we were seated promptly . otherwise , it does get rather busy here . service was generally courteous , quick , and attentive . no complaints there . the menu offers up a number of standard korean and japanese offerings , ranging from sushi to bibimbap . my colleagues had some sushi while i opted for a more simple bibimbap . the sushi was laid out nicely , fairly fresh , and rice-fish ratios were reasonable . nothing special , just decent . my bibimbap was much the same . edible , albeit a bit less flavourful than the ones i 've had at any of the mainstay korean restaurants uptown . price is a touch on the higher end , which is to be expected given the location .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the menu is actually a mix of japanese and korean food . i was going to go for some sashimi , but based i other mixed menu places i have been , i decided yo go for something else . i ordered the beef teriyaki bento box , which came with a coleslaw ( not kimchi ) , clear noodles , and vegetable tempura . the serving size was very good for the price and i found the quality of the ingredients to be good . the service was polite and quick . i would go back for a quick lunch here !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "clam chowder can not be called chowder - super thin , pretty tasteless stirfry chicken - cold , gross pieces of chicken , noodles were ok but not much of it , broccoli was unexpectedly cold - yes , cold . what do i expect for $ 5 though ? only saving grace was the hotsauce -- a nice alternative to sriachia ( sp ? ) in the rooster bottle that you usually find.. saw they had sushi and sashimi too.. looked ok , but i 'm leery to try it after my experience today .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food was ok except for sushi - sub-par but expected . i had the squash soup which was nice slightly creamy pureed soup . i liked the salad - spring mix with one piece of avocado , mango , cherry tomatoes and spicy ginger-citrus dressing . the miso glazed black cod was cooked perfectly , however the broccoli and cauliflower were hard , and the rice was cold . dessert was apple crumble with green tea icecream - a hard , granola type crumble with soft apples at the bottom . fried banana was okay too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've eaten here for decades , and was sad to see it all boarded up last week ! i hope it 's just being renovated , and not closed for good ! i 'm jonesin ' for some beef teriyaki !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is probably the only 2-star place i go to regularly . why ? it 's one building over from my office . i have to say , the sushi is average at best , and rather highly priced . service at lunchtime can be painfully slow . if only fune was n't always full , i 'd never come back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "modest sushi restaurant in the path . does the job . efficient and quick service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the 18pc maki combo and the tempura spicy salmon tuna rolls . if you go during the happy hour it is totally worth it . best sushi in the downtown core . nothing compares .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took 8 colleagues visiting from across the country for lunch . everyone really enjoyed their food . it 's a very busy spot , but service and prices were decent . i 'm not a sushi fan , so ordered one of the bento boxes . it was delicious - espcially the tempura shrimp . all meals come with a small salad and miso soup - both of which were great . yum . i would definitely go back to akco and will recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i liked this place . we went with a big group of people and the waiter ( possibly the manager ) was great . we bought expensive wine so he hooked us up by giving us free miso soups and appetizer ( i ca n't remember which one ) . we ordered a sushi boat to start . everything on the sushi boat was great . then we ordered a few entrees to share- black cod , salmon , sushi pizza , tempura vegetables , and some kind of noodle soup . the block cod and salmon were really tasty . i personally did n't care for the sushi pizza but my friends all did . the tempura veggies were good . the noodle soup ( ca n't remember exactly which one we had ) was only ok . did n't have a lot of flavor but nothing too awful .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we came in on a friday night to try out their chicken since we were in the area . the food overal was good . the chicken itself was a little bit dry but the sauce was delicious . however , i only give them 1 star because we experienced very bad service . we had to walk all the way to the back of the restaurant and asked for everything that we needed , table , water , food ... . our server wasnt friendly and got some attitudes . we wasnt happy so we decided to ask for the bill without finishing our food . i tipped 5 % . she ran after me and asked for more tips . i could not believe it ! ! ! you dont ask for more tips when you dont deserve it . i will never come back here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "to be honest , i have n't tried the chicken here because it seems the reception girl does n't want me to have the chance . i called at 5:30pm to place an order for a pickup at 8:30 . the girl who answered my call refused to take this order and asked me to call her back at 8pm to remind her otherwise it will be too confusing ! i 'm not sure whether the owner trains the employee to receive orders this way or the owner has no idea the staff is working like this . anyways , there 're many korean fried chicken restaurants in this area . my friends and i will never visit the fry given this kind of customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best friend and i decided to hang out after our movie and found this little spot by the area . when we 're normally at yonge and sheppard we tend go to nome or han ba tang but today we decided to try something new . there is n't enough staff to serve the guests and the ac is way way too cold . food- to be continued .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when this location first opened up , the food was great . my basket of fried chicken would mainly consist of white meat . now ? it 's mostly bones . the sauces are still pretty good , but there are better fried chicken places along yonge st. if you want better food quality . the restaurant itself is quite dark and gloomy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've had korean fried chicken once before , and it was amazing . this time , i decided to try the fry due to the buzz . i found the fry far from excellent but better than average . their hot chicken is very spicy and tangy , making it hard to taste the chicken . the infamous fried chicken with green onion was overpowered by the five spice . however , the fry has the best batter in terms of fried chicken of any culture . the garlic butter fries was very interesting ; it tasted like sweet popcorn with french fry texture . the vibe and music did not suit the restaurant . heavy edm and electronic music was playing loudly . had to carry out a conversation with such demanding music . overall , pleasant experience and food enjoyment will vary by taste buds .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "3.5 stars . pub setting . korean fried chicken and beer . food wise , you ca n't really go wrong . service was so-so . if you want to order take out from home , you have to physically go into the restaurant to order since they do n't take orders over the phone . which sucks since it takes them 20mins to make each order . but anyway , i really like their green onion chicken and most of the other sauces go well with the chicken too !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the place was terribly cold . someone asked to turn off the air conditioner but they did n't care . we ordered the food but they brought just the food . where are my side dishes and water ? in the fry in steeles they gave us salad , and corn for free . here the excuse was `` you should order chicken '' ... we efffing ordered chicken , but they could n't care less . how rude you should be to not bring side dishes and water ? this place is terrible . i usually do n't give below 15 % tip , but they were astonishing terrible . if you want the fry food go to steeles , sheppard one is a mere waste of space and money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "chicken was flavorful however , the portions mainly consisted of chicken thigh . the chicken was not fresh as i did not feel good afterwards .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good fried chicken . we ordered the boneless fried chicken with green onions ( s ) , fried chicken in spicy sauce ( s ) , and fries ( costco like fries ! ) . the fry on the chicken is good and crispy . not overly battered which is nice . i found the boneless dish a bit dry , as it was only drizzled with a sauce . the spicy was indeed spicy . portions were more than enough for 3 people . overall it was ok , standard fried chicken . should i have a craving and in the area i 'd come back . but there are other places to go to for really good fried chicken .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this chicken place is the shizzle . you want some fine korean style chicken that you ca n't really get at wings places ? you come here . although i would n't say everything on the menu are gon na be perfect for everyone , if you find the right chicken , you will find yourself coming back for more . just remember that one large order is plenty for 2-3 people . 4 stars cause some in the menu ai n't for me and i got ta be honest .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service was slow and not attentive . the waitresses did n't offer to bring water or checked on our table during our meal . food is over priced for what you get . we had a regular fried chicken and green onion chicken . they werent juicy or crispy . not a memorable meal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've visited the fry twice so far , it 's a small korean pub style restaurant in the yonge and sheppard area . not the biggest place but always seems to be fairly busy . personally i 'm not sure why as i 've found it be below par . the food is very very pricey for what seems like no frills meals but for some reason most korean fried chicken places charge a lot of money for what is very simple fried chicken . the menu is not very large and i 've found the staff to be a little on the cold unprofessionally curt side when i went here . ambiance is standard bar feel but due to the size it tends to be very noisy and hard to converse . the crowds are not too mixed so it has a very ktown vibe .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food here is very good . i 've had korean fried chicken elsewhere ( i.e . ajuker , not good at all ) and this place is the best in town . it was recommended and we went with a couple of friends and got two 1 2 and 1 2 . we tried the regular fried , sauced , soy and spicy . it came with few appetizers including the pickled radishes and the buttered corn which were great to start with . the chicken were very crispy and it was very close to how it tastes back in korea . i would definitely return here . food : 4 5 , crispy chicken and well sauced . the original fried chicken was our favourite . service : 3 5 , typical service - nothing surprising but nice staff overall . ambience : 2 5 , a little dark and not as nice but it 's more a bar feel . they could decorate the exterior a bit more so it 's more welcoming . it almost seems like it 's closed . price : 3 5 , not bad at all around $ 20 per person .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious food , okay service . i tried korean fried chicken ( chicken with green onion [ small ] ) for the first time here ( their specialty ) , and it was delicious ! the chicken was well cooked , batter was crisp , and it was n't too greasy . my fianc\u00e9e and i also ordered the fish cake soup , which was perfect on that cold evening . the food came very quickly , but the staff working there all seemed to be a bit frazzled and inexperienced . they were still kind , but i wish they would look around and spot opportunities to serve the customers more often ( many people trying to flag the servers had their hands in the air for a minute or two ) . the restaurant at this location is very small , borderline cramped , but is still enjoyable nonetheless . we would definitely go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i live in the area so have gotten take-out from this location of the fry two times . their chicken was ok - nothing special and not worth the hype . personally , i prefer the made-to-order mom 's fried chicken a lot more . the one made by the fry is more greasy , less crispy and pricier . this weekend , my family went to the restaurant to try eat-in . as many other people on yelp have already alluded to , service is lacking and the waitress were , i hate to say it , but downright rude . with so many options in the area with good food and nice service , we will not be back or getting take-out from this restaurant again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you like kfc ( korean fried chicken ) , you should try this place . if you like kfc ( kentucky fried chicken ) , this place will blow your mind . the menu might be confusing , so i 'll leave 2 recommendations here . green onion chicken tenders and chicken with spicy sauce . absolutely amazing ! only issue is this place is often packed with a long line up . if that 's the case , there are 2 other fry 's between finch and steeles on yonge .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the green onion chicken but their service can be better . i ordered boneless green onion chicken , they gave me the regular green onion chicken that comes with bones . i also tried their house fries . texture is like harvey fries topped with seasoning . meh . i also tried the seafood rice cake dish + noodles + cheese . it 's like seafood alfredo with rice cakes and udon . not bad , but heavy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "omg ... koreans really know how to fry their chicken ! came here on a wednesday night and it was pretty packed . once we got in and asked for a table , she looked at me like she did n't understand what i was saying in english and walked away.. i had to request for her to put our name down on a waiting list and to call us when there was a free table while we walked around for an hour and went for drinks . things got better when my korean speaking friends came and our requests were acknowledged . lesson : go with a korean speaking friend ! anyway , despite all the initial troubles , the food was delicious . highly recommend the one w green onions and the sweet and spicy one . soooooo crispy and soooo good ! ! i 've had a lot of fried chicken and this was the crispiest and one of the better ones . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "could n't get a table . they would n't give us a table for 6 . they would n't even try . we would have waited . stupid . only 1 person working the entire place . stupid again . i do n't like giving my business to people who could care less about mine . if you feel the same then avoid this place . we went next door to ha ba tang and had a good time . if i could have got a table in would have been happy to leave a real review .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "loved loved loved our waiter yun han ! ! ! made me and my friend 's night so fun and enjoyable and the food tonight was perfect ! the chicken was perfectly crisy and juicy on the inside like it should be and the garlic fries were so fucking good . they were piping hot and crispy with the delicious grated cheese over it ? ? ? yes ! win ! now i 'm always going to order this with our chicken and would definately recommend the garlic fries to everyone ! we also ordered a sapporo , heineken , and stella and our waiter was so entertaining ! thank you so much and i hope to see him again hahah~", "score": "5"}
{"review": "korean fried chicken ca n't go wrong . their batter is not too thick and it 's very crispy . i love their soy garlic chicken ! ! ! the combination of soy and garlic does n't sound so appetizing , but it actually taste like dry honey garlic chicken with more flavors with out the sauce . i guess that 's where the soy sauce punches in ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the green onion original fried chicken is re~a~lly~ good . service is a bit slow though . ... price is slightly higher than other korean fried chicken place", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so let me start off by saying that i love fried chicken . i love all kinds of fried chicken from popeyes to taiwanese popcorn chicken . so i was pretty excited to try korean fried chicken especially after reading all the glowing reviews on yelp . we went on a friday night around 9pm so it was pretty busy but we were able to get seated almost right away . the server put down the menus and literally came back 30 seconds later to see if we were ready to order . um ... no . i hate feeling rushed when i 'm out eating . we decided to split a large order of two flavours - the original and the soy garlic . i think a large order is a whole chicken . so the original was just okay . the batter is very light and honestly it does n't taste like they put any spices in the batter . the soy garlic while more flavourful was a little sweet . i would seriously just stick to popeyes . way more flavourful and the chicken more moist . this was disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had the fry chicken in ottawa a month ago and been craving for more . so took the so to the north york location and decided to take out . waited roughly 20-30 minutes for the order . we ordered the green onion chicken , spicy chicken , butter fries , corn and cheese and soya sauce chicken . you think we are feeding the military - just 4 people the spicy chicken is very spicy - if you want to clean out your colon , this is the one for you . i had one piece and my mouth went numb . love the original chicken with green onions . the soy sauce chicken is probably second best choice . the batter on the chicken is light and fluffy , unlike kfc or popeyes . butter fries has a slight sweet and garlicy-powdery consistency . this combo actually works . the corn and cheese - well as the name implies that 's what you are getting . it 's ok , imo .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the spicy wings ! very crispy wings and great balance on the spice . ca n't beat a beer and wings here . fair price . i go after 9 weekdays and it 's busy , but not crazy . coleslaw is great too , they add a hint of dill .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the korean fried chicken was good , but by no means is it mind blowing . i know it 's unfair to compare it to popeyes , but it 's not much better than it . got the ~ $ 30 fried chicken combo for two . which essentially comes with a soju or 4 beers . and some free sides . picked the grapefruit soju . it was very watered down . i would ( if i could ) ask for the bottle of soju on the side and mix it myself . not on my repeat list .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the chicken is really good , a decent place for friends gathering and casual night out . however , it is kind of dark inside . it is hard to read the menu . there is not much to read anyway , the selection is kind of limited . we ordered larger fried chicken with green onion and fish cake soup . they comes pretty quick after order . the food portion is pretty good . a large dish can serve around people . the fish cake soup is average . the service is so so . the server tends to ignore you after you ordered . the overall experience is good , and would definitely come back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here with a few friends . if you can not eat fried food , do n't come here because 99 % of the items on the menu are fried related ( since it 's called the fry lol ) . not a big fan of their crispy chicken . i find it tasteless . you can get better crispy chicken elsewhere for sure . but their chicken with sauce is pretty good ! so i highly recommend that . spicy one is too spicy to my taste and most of my friends ' . so if you can eat spicy , you will like this too ! it was really cold the day i went..hopefully it 's not the case anymore . overall , it 's an ok experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place for korean food . fried chicken and the corn cheese is a must . worthy of a second visit", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ambiance decor-3 service-5 food-4 strikeouts-0 3 this place is a bit dark for my taste , but still good enough to take pictures . we ordered a whole array of chicken , and fries and before that arrived we had complimentary appetizers . this included this delicious buttered up corn on a platter . since i did n't order , i do n't know what most of the chicken was called , but none were that special . it tasted maybe a bit better than your traditional popeyes chicken or kfc chicken , but really stoodout and made me want to go back was the garlic fries . i 've never tasted anything like it , and it was amazing . these garlic fries are must ! ! another notable dish was the rice cakes with mussels , i know my girlfriend thoroughly enjoyed these little bites ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely one of the highly recommended place for chicken . location , amount compared to the price , quality of the food , service , everything is 5 stars but only reason i chose to give 4 stars is due the fact the food is a bit too salty - with beer = perfect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the fry specializes in asian fried chicken , which is built based on a korean themed restaurant . the side dishes were korean styled but the actual food that we ate were the spicy fried chicken and the garlic butter fries . the fried were really food , it blended with the cheese really well , as well as the server listening to our silly requests . otherwise , the fried chicken tasted really good compared to other places that gave you small portions of chicken . i recommend you to come here if you want alcohol and chicken late at night , since it opens till 2ish am !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this places reminds me of my basement , old , wooden and smelly ... .well actually my basement is n't smelly but this place sucks we waited like 20mins for someone to serve us and it looked like they did n't give shiitt ordered those beer towers and our canadian tasted kind of funky will not come back ever ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decent fried chicken , but the menu can be a little confusing for people not well versed in the korean language . my friend and i ordered one of the combo , and the server was n't able to fully explain to us what was included . oh well , i guess sometimes you just have to take a chance . at least the chicken was pretty good !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this review is n't a condemnation of the joint . they do fried chicken pretty well here , but not necessarily better than some of their competitors in the area . they do the plain kfc with green onion well and i would recommend that . disappointing that the beer menu was as small as it was , and some of the beers listed were n't available . the service was painfully slow and not attentive , and they actually missed an order . we also had to wait over 45 mins for a single order of fried chicken to arrive this place may be hard to get seating , so arrive early ( or late ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm a huge fan of korean fried chicken and this place does n't disappoint . just like at any other korean fried chicken place , i stay away from the spicy sauced chicken . i just do n't like it . so go with the regular fried chicken or the green onion fried chicken and you 'll be soooooo happy . i 'm not usually a proponent of boneless fried chicken because it 's usually dry white meat , but at the fry , they use the dark meat and it 's sooooo good . enjoy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the chicken wings and fries are to die for at this place . perfectly crispy , juicy , flakey , with just the right amount of salt . they also bring complimentary side dishes which i think is customary in these type of restaurants . i will come back here many times but perhaps try a different location as the service was a bit slow and we had to ask several times for basics like water , utensils , etc and for that reason alone i am giving it 4 stars instead of 5 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here on a friday night and it was pretty packed . luckily we got an empty table . there 's no bar with stools or anything . you can order beer and soju but i do n't remember seeing much of anything else . we got the half and half on recommendation which was $ 1 cheaper than what we were originally interested in . so score one for the server looking to take care of the customer . we got 2 dishes of appetizers with that . a dish of corn . an a dish with 3 types of salads . maybe a spoon would help with the corn as we were picking one or two of them at a time . but everybody else was eating that way . so maybe it 's a korean thing ? chicken was delicious . we got a couple of fried skins but over all it 's wings , legs and some boneless hunks . not sure what part they belong to , sorry . will come again to try it . thank you", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the crispy chicken and spicy chicken . have ordered the sweet corn with cheese as well . dined in once but mostly purchased take out . consistent quality and efficient service . definitely recommended for fried chicken lovers . note that the spicy chicken is a spicy sweet but the heat lingers so you got ta love the heat otherwise it will be too much .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very delicious food . too much food for me hahaha the service is good . ordered chrispy chicken .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the fried chicken is pretty damn good . not much in the way of vegetables or starches as accompaniment though . one `` half and half '' order of fried chicken ( i.e . two flavours ) is more than enough for two people . if you get take out you get a neat takeout box and 1 canned soft drink . take out is the way to go really if you want anything resembling a complete meal ( i.e . with most food groups ) ... you can go across the street to m2m and get some korean side dishes and maybe some type of bun or roll to get with the chicken .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "'round these parts of north york , kfc is n't about an old white guy sporting a string bow tie ... been a couple times already , and you 're here to order all things fried . from what i 'm told , it 's about the double frying technique , and they do it well here . k-towners know what 's up with fried chicken and the fixin 's accompanying em . for the non-chopstick experts , ask for a fork spoon when you order . you 'll understand why when the sizzling creamy cheesy corn comes around . all things fried - yesss ... with beer.. double yessss ! ! this place only gets 4 stars only cause of the health factor . less one star cause this place added another inch to the spare tire i seem to be carrying around .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my two friends and i met up here last saturday night . it was my first time , and finding it was confusing . it looks like a little house right on the corner . once i was inside though , i loved the quaint and modern atmosphere . definitely experienced a don't-judge-a-book-by-it's-cover moment . the wine that was recommended to me , some argentinian red wine , was okay . after that i had various glasses of white wine , and i loved it . i 'm probably biased though , since red is n't my preferred choice . service was great . they often came over to see if we needed refills . bathrooms are located upstairs . i had to scale some steep steps to get there , which felt like an adventure after multiple glasses of wine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cozy outdoor patio , lit with lights laced around the nearby trees -- perfect for a drink with friends on a summer 's evening . also , patrick was extraordinarily helpful , friendly , and a blast for our table .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed this place ! cozy and soft sofas to sit on , server was on point and seemed very educated on all of the drink options , and even though it was a cool winter night , the fire on the outdoor patio was very warm and the trees were beautiful with the lights strung on them . i had a frozen grape martini and it might have been the best one i 've ever had . very crisp , fresh , and over all delicious with a natural grape flavor . this place is a location you could easily go into with jeans on or dressed up . the atmosphere is wonderful and the decor is pretty creative !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good , strong drinks , nice patio and atmosphere . server was attentive . there is a large fire pit on the patio ; it was very nice . this place is quieter than most bars ; you can actually hold a conversation . this bar is especially enjoyable after seeing a show at the theatre ; it 's conveniently located .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i know this place good because quite frankly - i do n't remember much of my visit . i remember my first chambord martini , and that 's about it . had a sip of the martini , we planted ourselves near the fireplace , and that 's all i 've got . well done bartender ! would definitely go back . ; )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i will start with the good , nice room size and i like having 2 bathrooms . the pool area is great and i like the water slides . it 's very family oriented and it serves that purpose well . the bad , it 's a time share so they hassled us to buy more stuff when we checked in and it made us uncomfortable . the elevators lag and are very old besides that it 's nod a bad place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bed bugs ! ! ! ! i stayed here with my husband and 3 young children . i did not think to look for bed bugs . however on our second night my children were complaining that they were itchy . i figured it was the change in temperature . when i got home i noticed many bites on my children . when i called the hotel to complain , they told me that they would need to get someone to investigate . i sent pictures and filled out a report . a week later i called and was told their investigation showed no bed bugs . so basically they told me i was a liar . i sent an email to tell them how disappointed i was and have still not heard anything back . this was my 5th stay with diamond resort . i was hoping they would compensate me since my vacation left me and my kids stressed out . i will never stay at another diamond resort because they are n't willing to make the customer happy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the pool is big and beautiful , the cafe offers fast service and low priced food , the staff is very helpful and friendly , the villas come equipped with a full kitchen and comfortable beds . the strip is about 3 miles away so taxi rides can add up . my experience was good for a first timer plus i 'm a timeshare owner so i got a few perks , like $ 80 to spend on any amenities in the resort . i ca n't wait to check out their cabo azul resort because it is updated and remodeled plus it has a private beach : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wish i could give this place zero stars ; and if you look at my other ratings you 'll see they 're mostly 5 stars . this review is specific to their marketing presentation ; their presentation is a freaking 3 hour steal of your holiday . now of course you can tell me : you did n't have to go for it . we did n't know ; they just said come and receive your free gifts and meet us in the morning . 3 fucking hours ! and i had to fight with them forever for my gifts !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "keep in mind this is a time share resort community and not a hotel . our family currently owns a time share within this company so being forced to put a down payment to take a 2 hour tour to try to be sold on another time share ? not cool . they ask you after they have charged your account and claim its refundable , but with previous experiences that 's not the case . it took weeks and other unmentioned charges were charged to our account . horrible headache i did n't want to go through again . other than that the rooms are nice and a decent size", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we just left after a 2 night stay , from entering the lobby the day of arrival i knew we would be enjoying our stay . the girls at the front desk were very friendly and helpful . we stayed with family in the 2 bedroom 2 bathroom suite it was spacious the bed was so comfortable , my husband and i slept great . the bathroom are big the whirlpool tub is awesome ! ! we needed a fan since there are no ceiling fans and housekeeping brought it up quickly . the pool area is gorgeous great for kids and adults . the pool bar : haley and the girl bartender are great and very friendly . they both know there drinks.. the food is really good . we will definitely be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while i think the pool is awesome because of its size and the slides , the rooms could use some major revamping . i was not impressed at all . if i were in charge of the revamp , those kitchens and dining area gotsta go ! i feel like i 'm in some janky studio apartment back home . not literally , but close enough . the carpets look out of date , the decor on the walls ... there was nothing cancun about the room in my opinion . but ... if you are n't a timeshare owner and are staying here because it was the best deal for your budget and family then it is n't as bad as i started off . enjoy !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "beautiful resort . we have stayed there twice . the pool is amazing and the rooms are great . the dj that played at the pool on saturday was awesome ... very engaging and our son loved him and his music . the general staff , however , is pretty lackluster . also , the food & service at the pool restaurant are terrible . we tried three times at the restaurant , hoping for different outcomes with no luck . the bartender was incredibly slow , only able to handle one small task at a time . the rest of the staff around the resort does n't really smile or go out of their way to greet help guests . i had three maids walking in front of my car as i pulled into the parking lot and they continued their banter , and slow walking , in the middle of the road in front of me ( thus blocking me ) . perhaps i am just accustomed to friendlier , more accommodating staff at resorts and hotels . the potential of this resort is not being met due to the staff and the onsite food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am a diamond owner , booked a girls weekend way in advance . my reservation was for 5 guests in a two bedroom suite . i requested 3 beds , when i got here 6 months later i was given 2 beds.. after complaining to the manager about my situation she told me that i `` have '' to share beds as this suite accommodates 6 people ... who does that ! ! ! after talking over with my guests we agreed to settle and use the sofa bed in the living room , well that bed is broken ... the manager refuses to accommodate me elsewhere . .. her customer service is horrible . .. she sure did n't get the memo from owner about the power of yes ... i will never recommended diamond to any of my friends . .. and i 'm sure my guests will not either ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "huge suite we were there at the end of november and the pool was closed the whole time we werent too bummed because there was a jaccuzi on our balcony that we used but that started spraying water everywhere ( we were not pissed because it was funny memories ) and so we used the master bath jaccuzi tub which was bigger a little far from the strip but close to grocery and fast food and gas and drugstores room service was pretty cheap and good ( we had breakfast burritos ) full kitchen huge entertainment center i am actually feeling more of a 4 star rating but i will leave it at a 3 because i had a really good time on this trip but i think it was the friends i was with- we made it fun", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have to rate this hotel 5 stars.. everything thing was amazing from start to finish . check in was super easy and everyone was super friendly . i would definitely recommend this hotel and i will most definitely be back for a longer stay next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my partner & i stayed here for 5 weeks recently , everything was peachy . until towards the end when the cleaning lady spilled some bath salts i had in the bathroom & did n't bother to clean up behind herself . on top of that i had a teddy bear from harrods i had bought my deceased mother & after she cleaned it went missing ! no one at the front desk or security knows where it is . so i 'd never stay here again , i will admit the front desk staff & all receptionist are quite helpful . my partner & i called about my teddy bear & he even went in person & they tried to find it . my previous review was jumping to conclusions . so yes good place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overcharged on phone bill ! charged us for using phone even though no one was in the room making calls ! whatever you do not go to the tour that 's when they charged us for using the phone , even though no one was in there ! the managers are disrespectful never called me back when i tried to dispute it ! called corporate and they even said the could n't do anything ! never again well i stay here because of this !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very much enjoyed my stay at cancun resort . the room was nice and the staff was great . except for one thing . my family decided to enjoy the game room , except for my fifteen year old son , who wanted to do something else . we were alone in the game room and my son laid down on the couch . an older male security guard came in and with an authority type voice and told my son '' sit up '' . now i understand if there was some rule about laying on the couch but he could have had a little more guest service . a simple `` i 'm sorry young man but i need you to sit up in case another guest would like to use the couch '' .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're not going to vegas for the usual hustle and bustle , then here is where you want to be . and even if you are , here is still a great place to stay ! i 'm not a big fan of vegas ' busy strip traffic and this resort is perfectly located not too far from the strip , at the beginning of las vegas blvd . the rooms are very clean and very roomy and very reasonably priced ! fully stocked kitchen which helps if you have kids or a big family as eating out can be very expensive . room service and hotel staff are prompt . the main pool is closed during the winter but the back pool with the slides is pretty much open year round . oh also , this is my 3rd stay here this year and each time its been great ! this is my go to hotel in vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the location is off of blue diamond , about 6 miles or so from the l.v . strip . there is alot of parking , under the buildings , and all around the resort . the rooms are huge , have a kitchen , fridge , dining table , chairs , two showers , a large , separate room , with a gigantic tub shower . really comfy bed , that was super big and great to sleep in . service : ummm , a bit of work is needed . the elevator in building 3 was stuck for 10 or more minutes in 100+ degree weather . the staff took their time responding , and even went to the wrong building . if someone had a health condition and needed rapid response , then it would not have been good . i will return to this resort , because of the many amenities , but some work needed on a few things .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they never disappoint me here ! we have n't had a bad experience or a moment of disappointment . hospitality is quick , and very accommodating . love the concierge service , every one seems to want to serve you , nice quality to have today . we got to stay in the penthouse this trip & just love love love it ! happy owner with monarch now switching over to diamond - i 'm ok with it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we already have had to move rooms three times first was a accessible room which of course had no tub and moved us to a room with a super old school tv and the tv in the living ro remotes do n't works and has super old appliances we had to down grade so annoyed for a 4 star resort o and holes in the walls very classy", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a beautiful resort to be sure ... .gorgeous pool ... nice rooms ( villas ) ... .but then there is the timeshare pitch at the `` concierge '' ... . the 4 pm check in time ... .the 10 am ... .yes 10 am check out time that turns a 3 day stay into 2 days . we never had maid service the 3 nights we were there ... but she knocked on the door at 10 am sharp on check out day and seemed perturbed that we were n't out yet ... we were out at 1010 am . there is a 10 dollar per night `` resort fee '' but a lot of vegas resorts are doing that crap too . it 's like a gas station charging $ 3.75 gallon and then a $ 5.00 gas station fee . or a restaurant adding a $ 15.00 kitchen fee . if you do n't mind the timeshare crap , and the shortened stay ... .it 's a pretty nice place ... .but remember they are time shares and as a result some fixtures and kitchen equipment can vary from unit to unit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if i had the energy i 'd write more but for now i say ditto to j.r. who truly captured our cancun experience . i 'm not sure why you 'd bring kids to las vegas but if you do this we be a pretty decent spot for that purpose . the kitchenette would definitely help on cutting down on eating out and the water slides were fantabulous fun . i liked the waterfall except it attracted the young ones which was not what i was looking for in a las vegas getaway . i 'm sure there might come a day for me . thanks for the low cost vacation cancun resort . sorry to the poor time share presentation guy who apparently could tell he was n't making a sale with my friend and i ( long islands and pool on a hot day , just hit the spot too well ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went to the cafe bar at the pool . they charged me 5 $ for 4 onion rings . when i went to tell the front desk how disappointed i was , they took no ownership and said that the cafe was owned by someone else . this cafe is ripping their members off . in addition , there was construction around the pool and it smelled like sewerage . i am disappointed and wo n't stay here again let alone buy their time share .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a really cool place . very clean and the staff are all really nice . the villas are really big and very clean . most if not all rooms has a jacuzzi tub and a balcony that 's a really nice size . i recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very disappointed the main pool is close to march 2017 and there 's no room service available and less you spend four nights .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "room and everything was nice but the `` pool view '' was blocked by a tree and the manager was unwilling to help us in any way as well as a couple other people who complained as well . so be careful if you want a view .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is my favorite at vegas . such a calm and relaxing environment . pool is really nice . gym and game room are awesome as well . the rooms are big , clean , and modern . as always , diamond resort beds are the comfiest !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great experience staying here . the pool area is amazing . it is very clean and is very practical . the water slide is fun and there is plenty of seating for everyone . the room is very spacious . it came fully equipped with dishes , silverware , cookware , cups and cooking utensils . the dining area is also very nice . it is about a 10 min drive from the strip but it is very worth it ! i definitely recommend this place to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the rooms were a big disappointment . we did enjoy the pool area and the service was good and the staff members were very friendly . out of all the diamond resorts we have stayed at this was the most disappointing one .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "everyone is nice and helpful and so friendly until you decline to buy one their time shares . then your pretty much treated like a human feces .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome pool to hang out at if you have access here ! ! plenty of room , giant pool , sweet slides . they have a bar grill too . live steel drum music playing while we were there . nice . the rooms are great here , huge suites with jacuzzi 's on the balcony .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "would have get a 5 star but too far from the strip the place was cozy wasnt that expensive since we split between 5 girls..it was memorial weekend they need more spas though.. it was neat a food max ..its a good place for families to go to .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great experience . from the moment we arrive we received the best service . the staff was friendly and helpful . we of course expected the 90 min `` tour '' of the facility . the concierge yvonne kosko was so nice she set us up the appointment gave us vouchers for free drinks and breakfast . the sales person we were assigned to linda bell was such a sweetheart . she provided us with all the information of the resort for timeshare purchase we did not purchase anything however and receive $ 120 towards the resort credit which i used for the spa and room service it was a great stay . the room , pools , spas and restaurant were clean i will definitely return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ' m a little late on this review so i do apologize . this is going to be based off my stay which was april 30th - may 5th . the second time around was a charm . greeted by the staff here was so welcoming they were very imformative seems like every question we had they had the answer too . our room was clean , spacious , and comfortable beds and everything was great . we had a family suite that had its own kitchen in it . the only con with this place is that it is only driving distance way from the strip . other than that this is one of the hotels to stay in when you come to vegas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were finally reimbursed for the disaster . it took a while , but we are satisfied !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "beautiful resort , probably has the best pool for a family of any place i 've been in awhile . food from the cafe is alright , overpriced , but decent . rooms are spacious , but if you get a parking lot view , you 're missing out . however , the wifi always seems to be terrible here . i have had issues with it being extremely slow , to just flat out not working . i let the desk know and they told me that it would be fixed any minute , but 4 hours later it still is n't fixed . so if you 're the type who needs wifi when you plan to relax at the hotel ( like myself ) , i would not recommend this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the grounds are beautiful and the staff are extremely nice . the rooms are ok. my mom is an owner and we 've stayed at several diamond properties and all the rooms look like these . a little worn out but ok . here 's the # 1 problem with this property and you ca n't entirely blame the property ... the clientele are ghetto . they are swimming in their clothes , falling down drunk at the picnic tables , their kids are everywhere including the adult only hot tub . we tried to go down to the pool but they took over the entire pool with their ice chests and loud partying . next time we will stay at another resort .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "own time share . when you do n't agree to go to 90 minute presentation for upgrade , you suddenly feel a chill when the nonverbal message says , @ do n't let the door hit you on the way out ! '' elevator takes 15-20 minutes and services beyond rude and poor ! ! ps use to love coming . new management ? ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a great family resort off of the strip or for the vacationers that want some peace and quiet , plus the screaming kids . cancun is a pretty nice timeshare vacation spot but i mainly go here for the pool . the pool is spectacular with several pools surrounding a massive aztec pyramid , which has four slides within it . i really recommend the two on the top of the pyramid . the rooms are decent with a fully stocked kitchen with a food $ less grocery store across the street . so if you like cooking while on vacation to save some money , this is the place to go . good : great pool with spacious rooms . bad : far from the strip and the free shuttle can get very delayed . final : i usually go here when i want to save money and have a relaxing trip in vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was by far the best resort ive been to yet . i loved it and was affordable . the food was great too at the restaurant 's on site . all of the staff was fantastic too . i enjoyed the huge pool and hot tubs the water slide all of it . the room was gorgeous and romantic . loved 2 bathrooms in one room and 2 tvs . the jet tub was great ill be back for that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a great 4 days here . i dont know why people are leaving such negative reviews . our check in was about 10 minutes , no hassle . the pools are great and spacious . the slides are super fun even for adults to get on and be a kid again . the bar has great 2 for 1 specials . the bartenders do need more training though . our room was clean and quiet and cold ac , nice kitchen too . employees were always helpful and welcoming . i will def come back again . thank you all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good course . no cart girls and a lot of retirees but nice staff and decent greens . the tee time was a little $ $ but unlike courses like desert willows , this course was n't overbooked , so there was no one playing over top of us . would definitely go back here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice executive course . not over played or crowded . good value for money . everything was in good condition . the greens are very challenging . the driving range is a little close to a couple of the holes but it 's not too big of a deal . the practice area includes a putting green , chipping green , a large sand trap and a grass driving range . all very nice . their loyalty card is a great deal . the card costs $ 10 and gives you $ 5 off on most tee times ( if it 's already only $ 15 dollars for a mid-day summer tee time you do n't get it for $ 10 ) . you also get a small bucket of balls with every paid round , a $ 2 value . so that 's $ 7 bucks in value right there the day you buy it . after 8 paid rounds you get a dozen free balls and a free round .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice executive golf course par 60 . beautiful views on almost every hole . good hole placement and enjoyable course . we started his morning with a tee time at 6:02 am . i know it 's early , but the things we do to have fun in vegas are necessary to beat the heat ! ! there was a couple groups before us and we really did n't have to wait except for the first hole . as people say , a bad day on the golf course is better than a good day at work ... i concur . i did hit my first birdie ever , i have only played 5 courses to date now so i am still learning . an enjoyable time had by all in my group . and as i noted above , the views of vegas from this summerlin golf course are breathe taking .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful , small course , with friendly staff . the course takes about 3 to 4 hours to complete .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here for a wedding and did not play golf . the facilities are a little dated and smell like an old folks home . but the view from the event room was impressive and the party went smooth . the staff for the event was okay . they were courteous but not overly helpful . water glasses were cleared off the tables just as the dancing started . not the most conscientious move in my opinion . my untouched dessert disappeared while i was visiting another table . when asked to replenish the butter dish at the buffet line , the woman disappeared for five minutes to return with small plastic tubs of butter . the food was standard chicken or fish- the kind of fare you 'd expect from a modestly priced hotel function . the space is well-maintained and the view was top notch . i just did n't love the food or the service . still , i would consider this for an event . i 'd just have to manage the expectations .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a great course for those beginning , getting back in , or just want to work on short game . they have great local rates and the course is pretty nice . little issues with the greens and dont like the range to the right of the first hole . i did n't go that direction but still , doesnt leave room for error . anyway , it is a good course to practice !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great executive course with beautiful views . i brought the boyfriend here this afternoon for his birthday , and it went very well . booked a 12:30 tee time a few days in advance and the pro shop clerk let us go out half an hour early . my boyfriend said it was a great course , though the greens were slow due to recent overseeding and verti-cut . playing time is fairly quick ; he went through 18 holes in about two hours . we had a fun , leisurely day together here for a price that was easy on the wallet . eagle crest is right down the street from our house , so we 'll be back someday .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simple sweet little course . expansive views of the lv strip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "little known and less appreciated gem of a golf course . i just finished playing this well groomed and beautiful course . for an executive course it offers a fun challenge for golfers of all skill levels . it 's in better condition than most of the more expensive courses and offers just as much fun . there are several holes you can unleash your driver and challenge your short game . with an upgrade to the food and beverage area this would be a 5 star experience . thanks to the staff for making my experience so enjoyable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good course to practice irons , but that 's it . the greens are beyond bad . most are dirt", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice course with beautiful view of the strip . not over booked like most courses in town . played 18 holes in less then 3 hours .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice course even for the novice golfer . i will return to enjoy the well kept grounds and friendly staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "1 . lost our tee time along with a few others . 2 . workers were digging trenches in the middle of fairways . 3 . workers were running power equipment during your swing . 4 . cart almost died halfway through the round . awful .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "small course . friendly people . ( employees and golfers ) went on a very windy day and it only got impossibly worse so had to call it quits before completing the course but it was pleasant while it lasted !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a really nice day at eagle crest while vacationing in vegas . we were n't really up to a long , hard course and this one more than met our expectations . beautifully kept greens , we will come back . awesome price . no complaints ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yelp 365 challenge 2014- ( 72 365 ) `` the divot dude '' what a perfect day it was to do 18 holes of golf ! of course , we did it `` our way '' ... ; ) it was a beautiful course , and we all had a great time trying not to hold up the others behind us which happened a couple of times , but we just let them play through which they were cool with . we all had our superstar moments with pretty good drives and great putts aside from getting caught in the bunkers and butchering the green with my countless divots-ooopsy ! great course in the summerlin area if you wan na whack some balls ... .aloha ! ! ! shaka meter : uuu uuu uuu uuu 3.75 this ai n't the beach , but wear sunscreen especially on a nice clear day !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love golfing here . let 's start with the price . if you 're a resident of sun city summerlin like i am you can play 9 holes for $ 8 with a cart ! ! ! beautiful greens . driving range and a putting and sand trap area too . the staff are all friendly and very helpful ( some of us need a little more help then others ) . there are also two other courses in sun city but eagle crest by far is my favorite", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice executive course . my play date was april 17 and the conditions were great . i paid $ 15 through golfnow.com and it was a super great deal . the pro shop personnel were friendly . we started on time and finished in about 3 hours . great views from some of the holes . could n't have asked for a better day golfing . this course is good for all levels of play . great place to work on the short game .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is for the practice facility only , i have never played the course . this is one of the best deals for a practice facility in town . $ 6 for a large bucket ( roughly 75 balls ) is tough to beat . factor in that you can actually hit off of grass monday-wednesday and this is why i frequent this range . the mats ( thursday-sunday ) are better quality than what you get somewhere like angel park ... and because it is not grass seven days a week you can usually get a station with good spots to hit from ... . not just endless divots ( looking at you siena ) . a large practice green and a good size chipping green ( with adjacent bunker ) make this the best value spot for golf practice on the west side . downsides : slow greens and wish it was grass 7 days per week tip : get the punch card . saves you money if are going to frequent the range . which you should .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really do n't want to say much . do n't waste your time and do n't waste your money . this place is amongst the worst businesses i 've ever been to let alone a golf course .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's an executive course but it 's in great shape , ,you can get a round done in under 3 hours , ,pace of play is just right and have great views will definitely be back..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got a great deal to play here in the afternoon a couple weeks ago . nice fun course . greens were in ok shape . the course was in above average standard besides that . will for sure play there again", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a no frills but majestic executive course overlooking the city . it 's also a few temps cooler due to the higher elevation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wonderful greens and an overview of the city ! beautiful mountain atmosphere . ca n't say enough about the grounds crew and the pro shop experts . wonderful food at the clubhouse . the trip north of the city is worth it ! fabulous time for 2 or a scramble !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great executive course . you can use your driver on about 7 holes , the other 11 will be starting with an iron . so , it is a standard par 60 executive course . the fairway , green , and the tee were all perfect green grass even in the middle of winter . the carts worked great . we went on a friday morning and there were very few other golfers . so we took our time and really enjoyed ourselves . the view of las vegas on the back nine of this course is breath taking .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "edit : the map is way off . they 're on university city blvd just northeast of i-485 exit 33 . great little middle eastern market and deli . they make fresh felafel sandwhiches , among other things . great food for take-out . they also have a fantastic hookah selection . plenty of km hookahs , some mya ones , and a handful of hand-made hookahs . along with good quality bases and bowls . their shisha selection and prices are phenominal . al fakhar , nakhla , and starbuzz are well represented . a solid selection of both quick lights and naturals charcoals including three kings and coco nara . they must be fairly new because i 'm not seeing them listed in many places . the sign in shopping center ( which contains a cicis ) , says `` middle eastern deli , '' check this place out if you have n't already .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after getting so many +ive feedback about the quality of meat i went to try out but got disappointed with the quality of the meat . i specially asked for front goat leg & all i got was bones with very less meat on it & on top of it , it was chewy and quality was low grade ... .one-advise please avoid this place or check what you are getting", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst store smell so bad stinky to be honest they need to clean it and put some perfume even if u have the best products i will not survive to get anything from the stinky smell inside ur store sorry i went to the store and i left after 30 seconds", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't know if the delivery guy grabbed the pizza from under his seat by mistake , but my pizza was old , dry , crunchy , falling apart , assemble-yourself catastrophe . needless to say a complaint to corporate is on its way , as dominos needs to make this right . disrespectful to order a pizza and receive this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i will not be ordering from this dominos again . last week i ordered from here and the pizza took an hour and when we received it it was lukewarm at best . tonight when i ordered from here they told me they could n't take my credit card because their machines were down . strike three and they are out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i placed an order for my group ( 13 large pizzas ) over the phone and had a great experience - they even threw in some cinna sticks for free ... .awesome ! the scheduled delivery time was 6:30 , and when no one arrived , i called shortly after and was told the driver left and was on the way and would be there shortly . it 's worth saying that it was being delivered to mcclintock and apache , a mile from the store and straight down apache blvd . when 15 more minutes passed , i called again and said the driver had trouble finding the place and would be there soon . when all was said and done it was over 20 minutes late . i had also asked for plates and napkins , but they were out of napkins ( no big deal ) but would bring plates , which did n't end up making it with the order either . pizza is what you would expect from domino 's - average at best .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "driver had a really bad attitude . the apartment number was wrong and she asked `` sooo did you just enter it wrong or what ? '' then she kept me on the phone without talking while she trudged over to my apartment . i apologized for the mix up and she said nothing . the most interaction she had with me at the door , was to ask if this was my credit card ? i still tipped her because i 've been a server before , but thinking back maybe i should not have . i would never have been so rude to a customer . the pizza tasted pretty good , but i already had a bad taste in my mouth . next time i will order from papa john 's or one of the 10 other pizza places near asu .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered pizza tonight at 8:41 with an expected 60-70 minute delivery time . it is now 11:00 , and i have been on the phone on hold trying to cancel my order for the past half hour and have not been able to reach anyone as of yet . not the first time this has happened . i was forced to order from a more reliable pizza place nearby unfortunately . i 'll bet they still beat your delivery driver here . i 'll be tipping your driver as it 's not his fault , but will not be paying for the pizza once it finally gets here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst service , i ordered a delivery and after waiting an hour and fifteen minutes i decided to give them a call . the manager answered and told me that they were n't doing deliveries anymore . i was never informed by anyone what was going on . when i asked to void the payment he did n't even ask what order mine was and just hung up . i had to call back and make sure he did n't accidentally void anyone else 's order . now i 'm a hungry howies fan .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hidden gem ! love this location as it 's fast and clean . great staff and service is perfect ! drive thru is literally drive thru ! no waiting at all !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the worst customer service , no one serves me for good 5 mins , i have to repeat my order 3x then missing the soup of my order and wo n't admit it", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for the location , i probably would n't visit it so often if it were n't five minutes away from my girlfriend 's place . customer service is pretty horrible here . for some reason , there will be a line and the person behind the cashier will complete the previous transaction , then leave while there 's a line of two or more people . they move really slow here and have a tendency to forget items - always check before you leave . in addition , they almost always never have all three soups that are advertised on their board . it 's not hard - if you do n't have it , remove it . aside the soup , they 're pretty good at keeping items stocked up and ready to go . just getting it can be a bit of a chore . if you can afford to , visit a different location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "each time i come to this th , there are consistent errors with my order . today will be the last time i come to this location . i ask for an english muffin breakfast sandwich to be toasted , it arrives cold and stale . i returned the sandwich to the counter for a properly toasted sandwich , the staff only toasts one slice of the sandwich . i tell them that is unacceptable as now i have one toasted side and one stale and cold side . their solution is to microwave the entire sandwich . seriously ? ? the amount of time spent trying to get a toasted sandwich was rather assinine . this happens all too often here . save yourself the trouble and visit the th on hwy7 and markham rd .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "big store but as for it being an international market , i do n't really see it . 99.95 % of the store is asian . one aisle of indian and one of mexican and a few of mixed american mexican chinese russian like you 'd find at any supermarket . if i go back , it will be for the indian . i can get the mexican and asian that i will eat almost anywhere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "telling all my friends about this shopping center ! i have been a longtime patron of lee lee market , but i think i may have found a new favorite international market . i was so surprised to find so many items that i have never seen at any other international market . too many things to buy all at once , so i will have to come back ! ! this place is huge ! not only that , but it has crazy awesome prices . i have never seen dragonfruit under $ 6 a pound . here , they had it discounted more than half off the typical price . needless to say , i will definitely be frequenting this grocery store in the future . inside , they have additional eateries , nail salons and beauty stores with great prices ! my plan is to come back and make a day out of it ! ! ! ca n't wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i'ts been a year since our last visit . at the time i noted numerous problems with this store compared to its sister store in the mekong plaza less than a mile north of there . visiting again i can say there has been much improvement . the store aisles did n't have pallets of stuff making them almost impassible . i still think they rely too much on pallets on the floor , but at least they were n't a major obstacle this time . the organization seemed to make more sense now , so it was easier to shop . the produce area is still large , and it seems to feature really fresh items ( mostly asian , but some latino ) . they seem to have everything old mekong has , plus all the latino stuff . i have a feeling we will start coming here more than old mekong . old mekong may very well be on its way out now .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "price is very good , sometimes 30 % to 50 % savings on vegetable items compare with other asian store . but you also need to be careful for bad items . for example , i got chaudoc coconut milk for .99 . great price but it smells stale , i should have got clue when 2000 cans of coconut spread around the isle . less than 1 mile away asian market , they have good quality vegatalbles . korea mart , new one , i heard their daicon is better than az international . lee lee is also a better store than az international , as far as balance quality and price . this store bought quantity from supplier and pass along savings to customers . since i only get less than 10 different items when i shop any asian stores . i would not shop this store again . unless you are feeding an army , sometimes it is better to pay a little more for quality .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is going to be my new asian food supermarket . very clean & organized if you compare to lee lee or megkong which have some weird smell . less crowd and big inside . price is cheaper or similar to those two grocery . i was in & out quick . give them a shot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a fun place to hang out ! i was visiting my friend in the area and this was a fun place to go on saint patrick 's day . there are specials were kind of pricey like $ 10 for a green tea shot which tasted just like a tokyo iced tea and was too sweet . i got a moscow mule in the copper mug and i thought it was adorable how my friend got a beer with a guinness shot on the side in a little plastic shot glass that hung on it ! they have skee ball here and a photo booth ! it 's a very spacious area with a very fun crowd .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wings and beer were great but a little disappointing that as i was getting into my vehicle the male bartender chased me out , yelled across the parking lot and wanted me to pay my bill . embarrassing to say the least , especially since i paid his bartending female partner 10 min earlier and left a $ 10 tip on a $ 14 bill . not fun having a dozen or so people outside smoking looking at you for no reason at all . thank you mr bartender for making me feel stupid for your lack of awareness at your bar .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a dude playing irish music on a fiddle in a bar in north phoenix ? count me in . this is a pretty good pub-y place with your traditional attempt at irishness ( stew , shepherd 's pie , bangers & mash ) with a few irish beers ( guinness , of course , harp & smithwick 's ) while also having your traditional bar food . nothing fancy , everything is pretty straightforward . probably really a 3 star place , but the live entertainment adds a bonus star .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oi ! the dubliner ! love this place . short walk from my house , which is good after about 26 kiltlifters ... . best freaking wings i think i have ever had ... like seriously , they have a magician back there . fun place , good people , good vibes . never have seen any type of problems happen here which is rare for any bar in phoenix . this place has a very interesting dynamic . there are old heads and regulars and then a younger crowd . makes for great conversations and social interactions . bartender is cool , dave i think . do n't change your ways dubliner ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place looks small from the outside but do n't let that fool you . it 's so cool inside . first time here with a friend and it will be a favorite forever . our server was michelle , she was so kind & not the 'overly friendly ' type that annoy me . the food is great & if you want to watch the game there are tv 's everywhere !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the dubliner , nice local hangout . last night we went to listen to open mic . the people who organize it are inconsiderate and rude . they were over 30 minutes late in starting . a friend of theirs , dominick , singing with an accompanist on the bass . once they were done they sat at the bar with the organizers . dominick even borrowed a man 's guitar . done of them had to manners to sit in the area and watch the players after them . extremely rude in my book . i will not go back to listen to the open mic at the dubliner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "no bar anywhere in this area comes as close to pulling everything off like the `` dub '' . beer selection , darts , tvs , lots of seating , events , great prices and a great mix of people . the staff is always great , and ready to serve at all times . come here open minded , stay for a bit , watch the crowd pour in . always a good time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only been here once , but sadly will not be returning again . on a lighter note , i actually thought the restaurant itself was pretty cool and i also even liked the food . both the shepherd 's pie and the corned beef were quite good ! so why wo n't i come back here ? one of the staff was extremely rude to one of my friends and made her feel completely unwelcome . it was especially bad , because he was a manager . she brought a problem to him and he basically told her he did n't care and did n't need her business . i did n't catch all of what went on myself , because it was a loud place with music playing , but a big thing for me is the way that the management treats their customers . we ended up leaving earlier than we had planned , because my friend got offended by the manager , so this is not a place i will be returning to . i would not recommend this place to anybody if feeling valued as a customer is important to you .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went here the other night for a couple drinks , probably one of my favorite bars i 've ever been to . great irish pub atmosphere and music", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the most unfriendly , bigoted , assh les patrons i have ever been around in years . the servers were fine , but if you want to feel like you 're in the south back in the 1800s , this is your place . f ck this place . hope it burns to the ground .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place to grab a beer and listen to some music . the prices are great and the staff is friendly . low key and and relaxed environment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "place is cool to come and relax and forget about the outside.. no rush just a nice chill atmosphere , kinda slow but the crowd and price are good . if you are in a rush i would suggest taco bell . almost all nights here there is a large crowd and some decent dart players .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "le roy pendu , vive le roy ! petit restaurant de quartier ( quoique ... ) hyper charmant , on nous re\u00e7ois ici dans une d\u00e9co rustique un peu kitch mais qui fontionne tr\u00e8s bien . le menu se compose de plusieurs plat en format tapas et de quelques plats en portion plus g\u00e9n\u00e9reuse . on offre une carte ecclectique passant du carpaccio de betterave , au risotto en passant par les calmars frits ... mais \u00e7a marche . la formulaire simple et complexe \u00e0 la fois ( en gros on peut tout prendre , ou faire diff\u00e9rente combinaison , ou y aller avec des formules d\u00e9j\u00e0 faite ) vous sera expliqu\u00e9 par la tr\u00e8s charmante et gentille hotesse . elle est d'une gentillesse et tout simplement super sympa . bon , retournons \u00e0 la nourriture , les plats sont tous ( et je crois les avoir effectivement tous essayer ) tr\u00e8s r\u00e9ussi . le boeuf autant en tartare qu'en plat principale y est excellent . il faut y retourner r\u00e9guli\u00e8rment et encourager ce type d'\u00e9tablissement .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had brunch here the other day , it was great ! the serving was humongous , yet reasonably priced . the omelet was tasty and healthy . the fruit was super fresh . the ambiance and staff were nice , i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went a thursday night with a friend , was the last night for our groupon coupon . i do n't even know where to start . the restaurant seems to be very confused what tapas . being server raw veggies and some sort of sour cream dip is not a tapas ! ! something so amateurish to serve . that last dish some potato cake that i guess is suppose to be a spin on a spanish torta , was cold , mushy and left the worst after taste . my friend left with such a bad case of heartburn , they use canned tomatoes for all their dishes and out of the 11 tapas there must have been 7 ! ! however the service was great ! our waitress was amazing , super attentive .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went in may with a groupon coupon and it was pretty good and friendly . fod was ok for most part ... . stopped by a few weeks ago ( in the middle of summer.. ) and they were closed for vacation ... . as i had another groupon coupon i called ( cell phone.. ) to reserve last week . the mailbox is full and they do n't respo9nd to msg either ... not sure how long the place is going to last .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have n't been to vegas in a while and even though it 's my home town , my best friend wanted a bachelorette party and i did n't have the list of connections i use ti have . she had a list of ideas and i did n't want to disappoint her since i was the maid of honor . i logged into yelp and found bachelor vegas . i called and found out i could plan everything from austin . she wanted bottle service at omnia and to see calvin harris . done . we walked right in . she wanted to go to the encore beach club ( even though i 'm no swimsuit model ) done . we even had a limo to take us to sapphire to watch the magic mike show . thank you bachelor vegas . i could n't have done it without you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friends and i were planning a girls night out , we knew a promoter at xs club who gave us a low spending limit since we are locals . we wanted to get a nice limo since we saved money on alcohol but we wanted a hummer limo or a party bus with a strippers pole . after searching online we decided to go with bachelor vegas since they gave us the best rates as they were willing to charge us for one ride while other companies demanded 4 hours minimum . as planned they picked us up with a very nice white hummer limo from a restaurant and dropped us off to encore hotel . we left our belongings in the limo while we were at the club . we also were allowed to bring our own drinks in the limo . after we were done at the club i just text our limo driver who showed up in timely manner to pick us up and he dropped us off to our final destination . we will definitely use them again as we felt we were riding in a mobile nightclub , great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred to bachelor vegas by a buddy of mine and i could n't be happier with their service from a to z . it was my friend 's bachelor party and we were given private limo bus , vip bottle service at a club and private table at gentlemens ' club . we saved 20 % by booking with them vs booking directly with the club . but the best part was the friendly vip host who babysit with our drunk group all night and he was there when we need it.. i definitely recommend this company for your nightlife reservations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i travel frequently to vegas for work and sometimes to party with friends . this particular trip i had to plan a special weekend to celebrate a friend 's birthday . i wanted to make sure that we had the vip treatment and everything was pre-planned in advance so i would n't have to worry about anything . i found bachelor vegas , i told them what i had in mind . we went back and forth to nail down a few details but they took care of everything . our weekend went perfectly and everyone was super happy . no one had any complaints . we were picked up in limos and had the vip treatment at every place we went . if you 're planning a trip to las vegas then definitely call bachelor vegas . it 's always who you know and they know who to know to set your weekend up to be fantastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called from cleveland right before heading out for a buddies bachelor party and got great deals on entertainment with quality and timely service the day of .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very simple . if you are planning any party in vegas call brian at bachelor vegas . he specialized in bachelor parties but he can help with any party arrangements . i had my brother 's bachelor party last weekend and we had 16 guys flying in from all over to join us . brian not only arranged a great day pool party and transportation , he took all the guess work out of it for me . i would recommend 100 % of the time if you need to plan a bachelor party in vegas ! thank you brian for helping give my brother an epic party ! he is super responsive to email as i arranged my whole party over email in 2 days . he takes care of you from beginning to end .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed to formulate a celebration prior to my little bro getting married . up popped this website and from the pick of packages we went all out , best choice ever ! ! ... ... from dinner , to the gentlemen 's club ( ch3 is my recommendation ) and finally to club light for vip treatment , you can not go wrong and will be very satisfied . our party was a group of five and we all will talk about our experience for years to come .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "instead of watching the phillies having bp we decided to save a few bucks and get our buzz on at game seven grill located just outside the entrance gates . with ample seating and plenty of flat screens game seven is your typical sports bar . we decided to share a couple of appetizers to enjoy with our drinks . definitely nothing to write home about . very average tasting processed food that was more filler than anything else . the drinks were good but the service was pretty lackluster considering the customers-to-employee ratio . it was just too difficult to get another round and way to difficult to get our bill and pay our bill . i think if we sat at the bar at least the drink experience would have been better . i 'd come back to game seven grill in the future but it would be primarily for drinks only . the service and food do not justify having a full-on meal there especially with all of the other options available in and around the stadium .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "game seven grill is a great place to hang out and grab a drink after visiting chase field ! i ended up at game seven grill after an event at neighboring chase field and walked into a casino themed private party . the bar itself is quite large and game seven also offers a gigantic outdoor deck that had a live dj when i visited . the beer options seem to be the same as what chase field offered and the prices seemed to be similar as well so you will shell out a bit to get your drink on ( $ 8.00 ) , but considering its locale that is to be expected . game seven grill gets 3 stars worth of funk .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very crowded with all my fellow yankees fans drinking a cold one pregame . the fact that this place has two wells outside serving beer is the saving grace . two other bars ( alice and dugout ) were impossible to enter and even if you got inside , getting a beer was difficult . at this bar , they had beer stations on opposite sides on the patio and getting a brew was easy and quick . once the yankees leave , it will be even easier . got a cold miller lite bottle and a corona for 11 bucks and right into the stadium . good stuff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as many people probably do , we stopped here before a reds vs diamondbacks baseball game . my brother and i originally rolled over to the patio by the bar and grabbed a drink and sat down . live music ? cool . sitting down it as loud as fawk ! we moved over to the other side and waited on friends to come . our friends came and it took forever for a server to come over . i know they are busy , and we were way early specifically there to drink before going in ... so no big deal ... still a bit annoying though . once served , she came around more often . good ! we were thirsty ! food was good . i woofed it all down , plus some of my brother 's nachos .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really enjoy a well placed sports bar ... literally a few footsteps from the danks stadium . sat in the bar at a high top table and took a server about 15 minutes to come over to the table . we ordered a few drinks ... brought one and not the other . menu ... where do i start ... oh wait this is very simple . there is about 10 items to choose from total . i will say i ordered the bbq chicken nachos and they were amazing but for some reason again took 30 minutes to come out . keep in mind this place was not extremely busy . horrible service overall ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i can see how this place can get 1 to 2 stars but we had a good experience so this is why i give it a 4 . due to it being gameday the wait obviously was probably longer then normal . the best part is the bar had no wait and we walked in and sat down right away . our bartender was nice and quick , the drinks and food came out fast . we ordered the fritter and quesadilla which were very good and paired well with the sauces served . it does have a upstairs and outside patio that has some games to entertain you like table tennis . we will be coming back when we come to anther game or just anytime .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here during dbacks fan fest not just for the dbacks alumni players signing that was happening on the restaurant 's corridor , but also to visit friends who were there and grab a bite to eat during a break int he action of fan fest . well , come to find out they closed the kitchen so i was n't able to get anything to eat . i was majorly disappointed ... that 's a big fail in my book ! looking over their menu ahead of time , about the only reasonably priced item i saw was their salad , i believe a grilled chicken one if i recall ... the rest of the items were rather pricey , and from seeing what friends of mine have ordered in the past , they definitely give you your money 's worth and then some , but yeah , i would n't make this place an everyday stop for food . i would like to be able to try it sometime , , however , so i can give it a `` second chance '' and see if my star ratings will go up or not .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we came in after the padres game a few weeks ago because my buddy wanted to do the wing contest ... ... epic fail ! ! ! those wings are soooo hott ! ! ! we split a regular order of wings , pulled pork sliders and a burger , the food was great ! ! service was excellenct and the beers were ice cold ! ! this is one of the better sports bars in the downtown area and i would give them 5 stars if they were open all the time , and not just gameday !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "staff is horrible . got an eye roll from the bartender when i ordered iced tea . actually , it was more of a snarl . got a highball glass full of ice with about 3 ounces of tea . we got moved from a corner where we were n't in anyone 's way to a through way where tons of people needed to get by . 1st and last time i go in there !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "convenient if you are going to the d'backs game as it 's right outside the entrance gates . the menu is fairly limited and is pretty bbq-centric . not the greatest burger i have ever had , but not the worst either . full bar and several taps including some local craft brews . works for when you 've misjudged your travel time , do n't have time to explore the surrounding downtown area ( which surely has better offerings ) and want to avoid paying ballpark prices for food inside the stadium .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very poor service . food was just ok . came here before a diamondbacks game to eat because it was close . hostess stand did a good job managing us . communicated well and got us seated . waitress did n't seem to know our table number . took our order , stopped by about 10 minutes after she took our order and said she wanted to out it in the system correctly ( we were hoping our food and drinks would come about then ) . food and drinks came at the same time . waitress said she would refill my wife 's water , but never did . she buzzed past saying she would get us our bill had to flag her down and give her my card because the bill never came . she reviewed what we ordered because she thought the table number was wrong . sigh . did n't she do that before ? we have now waited another 10 minutes for our check . we will miss the start of the game . i dread seeing the bill . it will likely be wrong .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we waited over an hour only to be told we had to sit at high top because they ca n't seat parties of two at low tables . due to back issues can not do high chairs . alternative offered was to sit on crowded patio by asking strangers to move over and then go stand in yet another line because no table service on patio . will never go back and will be sure to tell anyone i know to never ever go thetr", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in for a bloody mary before the baseball game . staff is very friendly . price was a surprise at 6.50 . food looked good , but , will eat later . close to the ballpark . nice place to sit waiting for the gates to open . chef joe surprised me with a quesadilla . well done and thank you . anthony my bartender has made me feel at home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quite good , and across from the ballpark so easy access to the game after dining or getting a quick bite or drink before the game . portions are large and quite tasty and the noise level is high . only disappointment was reserving a seat meant next to the bar . my husband dislikes the `` tall chairs '' we asked for a lower table but was told that 's what we reserved ; not what i had in mind when i made the reservation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "three stars for being directly across the street from chase field . great place to meet people before a baseball game . besides that , not a whole lot to say . cold beer , average wings burgers . honestly , most people would never go if not for the location . but the location is perfect , so it 's usually pretty full on game days . pro tip : if you are just drinking head to the patio where they usually have beer tubs rather than wait for a server .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the service was slower than slow . it took 50 minutes to arrive . food was crap . not worth what they charged for it . if you want to get into chase stadium at a decent time do not stop here first .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had . the only positive is the server was kind . other than that , it 's terrible . sure , some may say `` it 's opening day , they were slammed '' unfortunately that is not the case . it 's pretty dead upstairs and there is plenty of room downstairs . we waited 10 minutes for someone to come and serve us , we waited 25 minutes for one order of nachos and they came out completely cold . on top of that , it took another ten for drinks . im giving an extra star from my original one star because the resolution was swift , they were kind and apologetic . the hostess was very helpful in the resolution as well", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stopped in at the start of the game . i ended up having to work and had to pull out my laptop and i was n't ready to make my way into the park . my server was outstanding and got helped with my every request . at the time i visited , the menu was limited , and there were n't too many options . i selected the nachos fries , which were fine but i would have preferred a meal . i can see how this is a great place to hang out pre- and post-game but it 's pretty slow once the game starts .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a horrible experience it was coming here before our game . i wish i could give it less then one star . they do not offer any vegetarian food , everything is loaded down with meat . not every baseball fan eats meat . the female bartender working at 12:20 pm on wednesday afternoon was rude . she got the order wrong twice and never stuck around to be helpful enough to receive a tip . wo n't ever be back . this place is a joke of overpriced waste .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice little bar next to the baseball stadium in phoenix . i stopped in here to have a beer before the game and was seated immediately . it got pretty busy and noisy inside and some people were standing right behind me talking quite loudly . otherwise , service was fast and speedy despite the crowd . got a nice cider in a glass for $ 5 and savored it down .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very slow and the food was ok. kind of overpriced for what they had . the menu was also very limited . do n't come with kids .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've only visited here before games for drinks so i ca n't comment on the food just yet ... it 's a little pricey for me . some days , i am perfectly content with settling for a dirty dollar hot dog in the ballpark . that 's what baseball games are for . game seven is always packed ... be ready to make some new friends ; the bar is super crowded before the first pitch . all of the vodka sodas i 've had here ... mehh , they seem pretty weak ... they have a nice selection on tap so i am a fan of that . i love that they have other baseball games playing at the bar ... i guess you 'd expect that from a sports grill . and i love all of the dbacks memorabilia . that makes me happy . they usually have live music playing before the games . great place to sit & people watch before the game ... probably the most entertaining thing about this place . all in all , good place to have a beer before the game .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't usually go to the bars around the ballpark . i have never been impressed with the food or prices . but we found ourselves at the ballpark early last weekend . and decided to go in at least to get out of the heat . i found they have a nice selection of beers on tap including a favorite cider that i enjoy . they also had a nice selection of appetizers . theme of the menu revolved around pulled pork items along with the normal burgers and sandwiches . we had the potato skins with pulled pork and a couple of drinks . was very pleased as it started the day off . will consider this location again for full meal alternatives before game time ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've always wanted to try this place . i 'm glad i did but not sure if i 'd go back . had to go fetch my own beer from the bar because the waiter saw a beer can on the table and assumed it was n't empty . the food was ... eh , ok . the redneck tacos sounded good but did n't taste as good as it sounded . the slaw was soured and not edible . the wings were average at best . just disappointed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you probably do n't want to be short staffed on opening day . took 30 minutes to order at the bar , then the bartender forgot to give us the drinks . who knows how long before we get the nachos we ordered . also , can you make the upstairs patio nonsmoking ? all the doors were open and the smoke stink was getting inside . so gross .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great location before a dbacks game ! but not worth the money ! poor service . food was just average . paper plates and plastic cups for beer ! really ? wo n't go back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food is decent but the service is behind horrible . sheriff joe provides better service in the jail to the inmates . i 'd recommend going hungry and thirsty over this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very bad service ... it takes forever for everything ... getting seated , food orders , food arrival ... they say the grilled cheese has bacon but it 's no where to be found ... if it was n't so close to the field we wo n't even be here ... restaurant rescue where are you ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "extremely disappointed with the new game 7 apparently the owners wanted a more family themed bar restaurant which i can understand for pregame and change to menu looks good although i did not get any food . the fun ways of the old beer girls outside with a big crowd of fun is over no drink specials except for sunday day games supposedly and drinks after the game forget about it since they close at 11 lame but they 're loss in revenue , went to coaches corner right across the street from game 7 for after game fun and great drink specials . bring back sliders i always went there before and after games will not return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great service , great food , and great drinks . the manager reggie was very accommodating to our large party . he made sure we were happy i 'll definitely come here again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "waste of bar space . every tv behind the bar was set to a slideshow of the dbacks logo then their lineup . definitely needs a big change . coach 's corner is smaller , but a lot better . they show baseball games on their tvs", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went in for dinner before a diamondbacks game . i expect it to be busy but 45 minutes for one cheeseburger , which was n't even our correct order is a little much . the coleslaw was not edible , oh and they forgot to bring it to us with the order . when we complained , we were told they are busy and only got 20 % off . i will walk ( with my currently broken leg ) somewhere else to never go here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was an overall disappointing dining experience . we wanted to get a quick bite to eat before the game . there was a considerable wait which was okay because we knew it was busy . after waiting 25 minutes we were seated . our waitress did not acknowledge the table for almost 20 minutes after we were sat . from there it went downhill . horrible horrible service . ordered the pulled chicken and it came out looking like pulled pork - lots of low quality dark meat . the waitress says `` this is pork '' and says she will get a new one . then the chef comes out and says nope it was chicken . they bring out a new sandwich - the same nasty chicken . there are cheap drinks but i would not recommend eating here - we wo n't be coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "from the reviews it seems that the owner managers or anyone working at this establishment do not really care too much that the service is the worst . all because they know , no matter what people will return because its closest to the stadium . the hostess was nice . the waiter was okay , seemed to be stuck w too many tables . the food was cafeteria food . not worth it . sadly this review wo n't change much but if you do n't really care and only need a quick beer and crap food , this is definitely your place !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "will not return ... ordered 2 small side salads ... pork sandwich with fries ... quesadilla with brisket ... received one salad and one hamburger and quesadilla ... what the heck ... did n't take too long to get rest of food ... .do n't think quesadilla had any brisket ... a small scoop of coleslaw was with pork sandwich..what was that all about ... two stars only because the draft beer was cold and sauces on table were good ... had to ask for dressing for salad..does n't a server..waitress check order slips when they pick up food ... too many other places to enjoy before dbacks game ... plus we felt prices high for what you get .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you want a pregame cocktail find another place . i was at game seven grill 45 minutes before first pitch and almost took that long to get a beer . only 2 very long lines available to order a drink . apparently management was not aware a baseball game would be happening ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place needs to be on bar rescue ! came here after the game tonight and the staff was getting at each other after last call . yelling while there is still 30 people in the building . where 's a manager to get everyone together and act like a staff ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "situated right smack in front of the ballpark , this is an easy meeting spot for pregame drinks . it 's only open for home games , so they definitely have their niche . we only stopped in for drinks before and after the game and did n't eat . although we did see massive plates of nachos being served next to us and they looked fantastic . the bar staff was a little on the slow side . would i make an effort to go here when any other time ? no , but for a pre post game drink it is just fine", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we came here for a few drinks before a diamondbacks matinee . the drinks are reasonably priced for the most part and the staff was very friendly . we did not order any food though so i can not review that aspect of this restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrible service . will have to go to a better bar before attending any games .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered the pretzel basket as an appetizer prior to watching the d-back at chase field . for $ 8 , we got four little pretzel bites . we would have been better off buying a full pretzel at chase field as it was cheaper there !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst service ! waitress was horrible kept disappearing . so disappointed ! get new wait staff ! who know what to do when restaurant is busy ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the location is outstanding , but the menu is bland and the drinks are quite overpriced . service is about what you 'd expect , but the place has possibilities . i 'll be watching for signs of new management and or ownership ... when i see it , i 'll be back again for sure .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place to go before diamondbacks games , not a lot going on afterwards . drinks are about the same price as the diamondbacks game . bartenders were very friendly and served everyone quickly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great location and bartenders . management needs to keep bathroom stocked and clean . great atmosphere when the really good band `` ratio '' was playing . they brought everyone 's spirits up even after the loss ! would return for the cold beer and to hear that band !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the service was disappointing , but the food was tasty . when we needed a drink re-made from the bar , the bartender argued that it was made correctly and offered to make another one , but we would have to buy the second drink as well . the feel of the restaurant is that they 're running on a shoestring , tenuous budget , and it shows in the service and the setails", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hottest seemed lost and unsure of what to do . they were n't even busy and our food took forever . server was rude as well but my food was good and the beer was cold . i 'm sure it 's a good place after a game if you are drinking .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here with family after d back game . worst customer service ever . did n't greet you or say hi . did n't give us a menu or ask if we wanted drinks . sat ourselves down and waited for someone to come over . there was only but maybe 10 people in here may i add . finally after waiting 15 minutes did someone come over and asked us if we wanted something to drink . bartender with arizona hat on saw us and said nothing either to us . server finally brought us our drinks and asked us if we were ready to order . told her we did n't have a menu . she stated that 's it right there in front of you with literally just wings and pizza on it . completely disappointed in this place . the owner should be ashamed of his staff here . how there in business makes me wonder . would never recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i noticed that there were a few positive reviews towards the end.they must be paid shills . this place is now so different than before with the rules of `` you ca n't sit here and just order drinks outside in the hot sun unless you have a food order '' and then they have all these military style thugs breathing down your neck all the time . they must have a lot of people leave without paying.i never ordered from this despicable crappy place because i hate the atmosphere . very few people go in there anymore because it is so nazi .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible service . the waitress had no idea what she is doing . food is just as bad . there is tons of better place near by . do yourself a favor . go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped here before the diamondbacks game the other night . our waitress was nice enough , but we had to wait a pretty long time just for an appetizer . we had the chicken nachos and thought they were really good . i would definitely get them again ! beer was served in small , plastic cups which my husband was n't a fan of .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the service at this place is terrible . we could n't get any bartenders ' attention . & when we asked about our food we were ignored by a server ( ? ) . we waited over 50 minutes for nachos , a flatbread , & wings . the flatbread & wings were decent , the only reason for 2 stars . the nachos were cold & soggy . very disappointed . there 's too much great food within walking distance to ever return here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "atmosphere is great for pre-game beers . i would have given higher marks but i 'm not impressed with the food . friends ordered nachos . they 're not bad but they use cheese whiz . some people like that processed crap but i do n't . soooo , beware . i ordered the `` brisket '' quesadilla . i put it in `` `` because there was n't much meat . i could n't tell if i was eating bacon bits or `` brisket '' . the quesadilla was very gooey , and not in a good way . the tortilla was soft and soggy . i wish the cook had left it on the burner longer . i 'm not sure what the sauce mix is , it cones on the side . the server did n't know either . i suggest asking for their bbq sauce . they offer 3 different kinds . overall , cheaper beers then inside the stadium . good pre-game atmosphere . food is just ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "took 15 minutes for a waitress to arrive after being sat at our table . waitress could not tell us what was on tap or provide a list of available beers . took another 15 minutes for our drinks to be served . specifically asked for lemons and lime wedges which never came . waitress never asked if we wanted food . waitress left an empty serving tray at our table for about 10 minutes . very unimpressed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not impressed . sat at the bar to wait for the rest of the gang to show up for the dodgers vs diamondbacks game . 2 drinks and a quesadilla appetizer ended up 25 bucks . bartender l female was not very welcoming or nice . it was busy so just really trying to churn the crowd it seemed . bbq quesadilla was dry but came with salsa . probably better to just sit outside and grab your own beer from the little tent . glad we did n't grab a full table and have a meal . it is convenient that it 's on property of the stadium bit that 's about it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place was horrible ... we got a burger and they asked if we wanted ketchup..it arrived 5 minutes later..as we were leaving a couple was having the same issue ... if u are going to offer burgers on the menu , ketchup should be automatic..we wo n't be back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "convenient place to grab a drink after a diamondbacks game , which is why we ended up there . the service was painfully slow & they were constantly hurrying us to close out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "in my trip across the country , this was one of the two places i stayed that offered the best value . the room was very inexpensive , and yet very nice . the premises were clean , everything was in great shape . the bed was comfy and the room was quiet . wireless internet worked seamlessly in my room and had a strong signal . the staff at the front desk were friendly , and the breakfast was tasty . this motel is conveniently located near i-90 oh-2 and the ohio turnpike , i-80 . although it is in a nebulous suburban wasteland between the two dumps of elyria and lorian , there are a few places to eat around it , if you know the area . not my favorite part of ohio , but if you 're staying here , this is a perfectly fine place to say and i would gladly recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is actually really nice , it looks like it was completely remodeled , the rooms are very clean , everything looks new , the beds are very comfortable , the bathroom is clean , def worth the money ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this hotel was terrible ! it smelled , was dirty , and the night and morning desk clerks were rude and lied to us . the `` continental '' breakfast was some cheap stale white bread . do anything you can to stay somewhere else , even though it was very cheap .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would n't stay here again .. my room was stinky and the bathroom toilet was broken the skirt around the bed had dried throw up on it and the breakfast was gross ! 90.00 was way too much for this dump !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice place to stay , very friendly and helpful staff . the many breakfast selections are sure to satisfy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had a blast in our jacuzzi suite for new years ! it suggested two people for the hot tub , but we easily fit six . comfortably .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had been driving all day on my way to chicago and stopped here to get some rest . i called while i was in the parking lot of another hotel ( i made a wrong turn ) and the woman who answered the phone was so nice ( i think her name was donna ) . i had stayed at a best western on a road trip before and liked the service and their beds so i hoped they would be the same . they did n't disappoint . the room was clean , beds were comfortable , and the breakfast was awesome ! it was n't a skimpy `` continental '' breakfast either . in addition to donuts , there was pancakes , sausage , hash browns , cereal , eggs , coffee , juice , milk . it was pretty good , i was really surprised . if i ever drive through here again i will definitely stop here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean room but no internet , even though it was advertised as having wi-fi .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the hotel was better than i expected . when we opened the door it smelled clean and fresh as so did the bed covers and the towels . my only real complaint was that the pillows were a little small . the breakfast was pretty good to they had your usual cereal , donut , bagels , toast , what i really liked is that they had a pancake machine that makes you two pancakes in about a minute , they also brought out hot eggs , hasbrowns , and breakfast party 's .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for my birthday , my husband asked me to find a motel with a jacuzzi in the room . i called different hotels around elyria and found that , best western has a better deal . when we checked in the front desk person was very friendly and found that the room was ready even for early check in . the room was so clean and even for an older building it is so well-kept . the room was very comfortable to be in as well as the bed for sleeping on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trying to make a 2 year old toddler stay still while getting a hair cut can be very tricky . my son was in desperate need of one and i gave up trying to trim his hair because he would not sit still . i decided to look up a salon for children and lori 's happened to pop up , i was able to get an appointment for the next morning so i booked it . lori is very nice , sweet , and friendly , she has a car that children could sit in while they get their hair cut and also a tv to keep them busy . my son was serious the entire time but he was happy with his hair cut and we were satisfied with how his hair came out . her little salon is very adorable , it has a happy feel to it , very bright and cheery . i think we 've found our permanent salon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lori is amazing . she really knows how to be with kids . she exceeded my expectations . my angel had a fabulous time and even got her nails done . her room is super cute also .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lori is amazing ! i will never take my kids anywhere else . she is so sweet and patient . she takes her time and makes the kids feel comfortable and knows exactly what to do to put them at ease if they do start crying . my little one screamed during his first hair cut at another place . they just held his head and finished : ( when lori noticed he was about to cry , she stopped and let him see the buzzer and put it on her face to show him that it was ok and did n't hurt . she sang to him . she just went above and beyond . her prices are more than reasonable with all of the effort she puts into it . girls get a cute hairstyle , glitter spray , perfume and nail polish also ! my girls told me that they will not go anywhere else after today . we all love lori ! you will not be disappointed if you see her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lori is great ! we used to go to her at sharkys and were sad when we tried to make an appointment with her and she was n't there anymore . so glad we found her again ! i have a 3 year old who has a new fear of haircuts . lori was so patient and got the job done ! she took over 30 minutes and did n't rush . will 100 % be getting his hair cut with lori from now on ! thanks lori !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing with my 7 month old ! ! ! ! made a great decision to go to her . lovely lovely place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am new to henderson and was n't sure where to bring my little boy for a haircut especially because he is afraid to get his hair cut . lori put him right at ease ! her studio is so cute ! she has movies and a little car for the kids to sit in , xbox to play while getting your service ! ! seriously , she has thought of everything to make it fun for kiddos ! thank you lori ! my little boy can not wait to get another haircut !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm so glad we found lori for my son 's first haircut , and we will be repeat customers , for sure ! we chose her first haircut package and it made the `` occasion '' that much more special . she was so patient and sweet with my 1 year old . he was n't happy at first but he loved sitting in the car , and playing with the balloon after the haircut was done . we received a certificate with a before and after photo , a small lock of hair in a tiny ziplock bag , and lori will email us all of the photos she took ! this was such a wonderful experience and we 'll definitely be back for future haircuts !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today i took my two year old to lori for her first haircut . i was expecting tears and we got them . we also got an amazing experience with lori ! she was so understanding and patient with my daughter . my daughter screamed , cried , tried to wiggle out of the chair , and tried to put her hands up to block the cut . lori 's cheerfulness never wavered . she kept talking to my daughter , entertaining her , distracting her , and giving her a chance to get comfortable . oh yeah , and she gave her a completely adorable cut . how she managed that with a moving target is beyond me . we left with both of us smiling - my daughter with a balloon ( which she played with all afternoon at home ) . we will absolutely be coming here for all of my daughter 's future haircut needs . we drove all the way from near summerlin and it was 100 % worth the distance . thank you , lori !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved our experience with lori . she was wonderful with our son , who is only 13 months and was a little frightened at first . he got a great hair cut and she was very patient . plus if your child is scard there is a regular chair they can sit in with you . we got the first haircut package that comes with a certificate , picture , and locks of hair ( plus lollipop and ballon ) . she will even email you all the pictures she took . the place was super clean , lori was great , and we just loved it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here with my niece to watch her get her haircut . what a unique and cute salon made just for kids . it 's perfect to keep kids who ca n't sit still especially while getting their haircut . lots of things in here to keep them occupied and distracted to keep their anxieties down and to keep them put . from the cute little race car chair , the tv , game console , candy jar , and the plenty cute decor all around makes this place perfect and you have the wonderful stylist lori who is darling to children . what i like about it is its one kid at a time so it makes it really personal . this is your go to place for your lil ones to get their haircut !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we loved going here to get our 13 month old son 's haircut here ! she was very patient and our little one loves it ! he was scared at first but with the disney cartoon and things to look at it , he enjoyed the experience . we got a certificate and a lock of his hair . we are definitely coming back ! it was a very clean and fun environment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my grandson to get his hair cut today ... he 's 7 months . it was adorable ! lori is wonderful ! tons of patience : ) her salon is so cute and clean . we had a great experience . will definitely be back when he needs another cut . thanks lori !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 3 year old son hates getting hair cuts . and although he cried the entire time , miss lori was so kind and patient with him . talking him through the haircut all the way to a lollipop and balloon ! lori is very kind and professional , and she even took a picture at the end and will email it to you ! such a wonderful woman !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lori is such a wonderful person with a native talent . i 'm really impressed by the experience we had today . my son was very comfortable in her salon . even if i have to drive 40+ miles round we 'll be seeing her again . thank you lori for this great haircut and for being so nice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lori was great with both of my daughters , she had no problem wrangling my 2 year old as well as dealing with my 6 year old . she even painted their nails ! ! completely worth the drive and she is so reasonably priced !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok so i read all her reviews before going . i am writing this review on the way home from visiting lori . ( i 'm a passenger ) i have gotten my two year old sons hair cut 5 times and every time it 's never what i want and looks terrible . so i booked an appointment for my daughter and son today and their haircuts are amazing . better than i could have asked for . my sons hair is blended and perfect and i 'm so happy . after seeing my sons hair my husband asked lori to please do his and she did ! and he could n't be happier . she is so good with the kids and knows what she is doing . i will not be going anywhere else ever !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best person to cut our son andys hair . lori was patient and very professional , our son put up a good fight and not once did she break . lori managed to calm andy down and did an awesome job , my wife and i will deffinetly be back the only bad thing is that we live in la . if you 're thinking of visiting this place i deffinetly recommend it we are satisfied with the service and the way lori treated us and our son shes a wonderful person and an amazing kid stylist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son loves ms. lori ! she is the first person my son has never cried for , she 's extremely patient with him . i would never consider going anywhere else . we 've been using her for a year now and she 's always able to fit us in . my son is 3 and refers to her as `` the nice haircut lady '' and the only one he will go to . if your considering booking an appointment with her- do it ! i promise you wo n't be disappointed . her cuts are also amazing , anything i have wanted she has done ! if your son gets anxious she shows them the buzzer and let 's them know it wo n't hurt them , which is incredible because that 's what my son was afraid of . her prices are great for how wonderful she is !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not surprised to see lori has so many 5 star reviews ; i love my son 's haircut and she was great with him , despite his tears ( he 's 14 months old and hates having his hair cut ! ) . we will definitely be going back ; cute little salon , sweet lady , and a great hair cut !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been to lori a couple times now , and i can honestly say she is meant to do this ! ! she is so patient , friendly and loving . she really takes her time and makes sure the child is not scared . my son has autism and she made his haircut experience very easy ! you wo n't be disappointed if you take your child to lori , i promise !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my kids absolutely loved getting their haircut here . my 2 year old keeps asking to go back and sit in the race car . we will definitely be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my 2yr old son here for a cut , and he loved loved loved it ! ! ! it 's the cutest little place ! ! ! and lori is super nice & welcoming ! ! ! i brought my 5yr old daughter along and lori made sure to give her a lollipop and balloon too ! which i loved ! cause my daughter did n't feel left out . we will be taking our kids to her from now on ! ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lori was awesome . i had taken my almost-3 year old daughter elsewhere for her first haircut and she was very scared and freaked out , we were n't able to get her haircut because she was moving around so much . i thought hope was lost until a friend recommended lori . amazing . so friendly , my daughter was a little afraid but lori made her at ease . she picked out a lollipop , a nail color , and balloon color . lori was quick but thorough and we are very happy customers . will definitely be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lori 's little salon for kids is so cute . she gave my girls a shampoo , cut , style , nail polish , hair perfume & hair sparkles , a balloon , and a lollipop . they got to watch a movie too . she did a great job and i can see why she is so busy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lori is wonderful ! she really makes my son feel at ease and does a wonderful job with his hair . her salon is cute and very clean . the balloon and lollipop are what my son comes back for , but i 'll keep coming back because lori is the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lori was fantastic ! she had mickey mouse on the tv for my son and was so patient with him . he got a balloon after and was so happy ! great experience ! will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my ( typically ) shy son who has a super hard time sitting still for haircuts was like a dream in lori 's hands ! he felt comfortable almost immediately and she was not only able to keep him entertained with the lego star wars video game ( giving him tips as he is a newbie ) but cut his hair to perfection despite him bobbing and weaving all over the place . he even got a balloon and lollipop at the end ! what a gem ! we are so grateful to have found her and plan to see her for all of our haircutting needs in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lori your amazing ! i recently move from california .. my 13 yr old son has autism i 've been looking for someone that is patient with kids when it comes to my sons hair cut and is very hard for him to trust anyone he gets very anxious and nervous ! i went yelp i read all the positives that lori had and something told me to send her a message ! without hesitation lori said she will be happy to cut my sons hair as a mother she made me feel more comfortable that my son will be ok in her hands ! we got there and i must say my son has never felt more comfortable with any one lori had an xbox with games she has her own room inside studio salon that was a plus for my son because he does n't do well with crowds first time ever my son was n't fearful of the clippers and did not move at all i was amaze before he knew it she was done ! you 're an angel lori we will be back you 're awsome thank you thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lori is great at what she does . my son really looks forward to getting a haircut because of her personality and the environment she creates ! i 'm so glad i found lori thanks to all the other well deserved positive yelp reviews .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love , love , love lori . she is wonderful . i am so thankful i found her . amidst my son losing his stuff and screaming the entire time , she stayed patient and gave him a great first haircut ! i do n't know how she did it ? eventually he calmed down and they had a better time . i appreciate her telling me to leave the room and stay hidden , because had i not he would have cried and screamed the entire time and nobody wants that ! she gave him a balloon , and he even had his 1st lollipop ! we will absolutely go to her for his haircuts in the future , and i suggest you do too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great place to get a haircut ! lori is sweet gentle and has the patience of a saint . her setup up in her room is awesome she has an xbox with two remotes lots of games and movies and for the littles she has an awesome car for them to sit in when she is cutting their hair ! so she 's amazing hee room is amazing and her talent level trumps it all ! she cut all three of my kids hair with no issues we never once questioned what she was doing or if it was going to look okay . not only that but my one year old daughter that hates to have her hair done or messed with loved having her hair cut ! she laughed and smiled and loved every second ! i will definitely be back with all three of my littles !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not say enough good things about lori . my daughter loved the experience . nails painted , hair perfume , and sparkles ! amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really five stars . very caring , patient , kids friendly . we love going their for my 6 y o high maintenance boy . x box , balloons , lollipops , clean welcoming environment", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ms lori did her thang with my 3 year old son hair ... i was skeptical of cutting all his curls off but she definitely put me at ease . i like how she has ways of distracting kids who are not prone or use to getting their hair cut . she made my son very comfortable and he did n't even realize he had gotten a haircut until she was done . awesome work ms lori . we will definitely be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lori is fantastic ! i was so nervous about my son 's first haircut mainly because he hates to have his hair or head touched in general . i was afraid he was going to whip around and not stay still and it would be a disaster . but lori assured us that her `` special gift '' was being able to work fast and efficient even when your toddler is squirming . he did n't end up moving too much but she was n't bothered by any movement at all . my son 's hair came out perfect and he was entertained by her tv playing mickey mouse clubhouse and lollipop enough to let her get her job done . i also think it helped that she only does by appointment only sessions and she has her own private little studio room so there are n't any other people in the room to distract or upset your kids . he ended up crying halfway thru and wanting to get off the chair but she was quick and he got over it . so glad i came to lori and we definitely will be back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my son to lori for his first haircut and i was very impressed on how good she was . my son was calm and quiet during the whole process . i like his new haircut and it looks really great on him ! i will definitely bring him back to her for his next hair cut .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love lori ! our 4-year old son started seeing her for haircuts a little over a year ago , and we just recently started taking our 2 year old daughter to her as well . the kids love chatting with her , enjoy all the creature comforts of her salon ( racecar , movies , balloons , etc ) , and she has a great rapport with the kids ( and us ! ) . the little things mean a lot when you 're talking about new experiences with little ones - she gets it . my kids are immediately jazzed at the mention of a visit to see her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lori is the best . great deal , too . hair and nails for my daughter $ 20 . very friendly and the place is decorated well . i highly recommend lori .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lori is great ! my almost 5 year old does n't like getting haircuts and she went above and beyond to make sure he was comfortable ! he got his mohawk and everything went smoothly . the lollipop and balloon were a definite bonus for him . we will be coming back . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been taking our kids here for over a year now and have never had a bad or even mediocre experience . lori always does a great job , and her shop is perfectly suited for kids . she has every video imagined to keep them entertained , and balloons , nail polish , and scented and sparkly hair spray for after thier cuts . her shop is always clean , she 's always on time for appointments , and she 's super friendly and cheerful . haircuts have become a real treat for our kids !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are few things that scare my 2 year old son , but getting his hair cut is number one . he hates having it done . he ends up screaming and thrashing around the entire time . lori is so amazing with him ! she is patient and understanding and just plain wonderful . even though i have no idea how she does it with all of the squirming , my son 's hair looks great every time . we live about 35 minutes away from the salon , but i will only bring my son to lori and you should too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lori is the absolute best ! i took my daughter for her first haircut and it was the perfect experience . there was a cute little car chair and my daughter loved playing with the steering wheel and watching mickey mouse clubhouse while getting her haircut . it was so laid back and relaxing and lori makes sure to explain everything she is doing so your child does n't get scared or confused . she 's is great with kids and so friendly and she even gave my daughter a balloon at the end . also , there is the first haircut experience so you get a little certificate with a before and after picture and a little baggie of their hair . so sweet . we will definitely be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lori was amazing with my 9 month old ! my little girl was squirmy but lori handled it like a pro . she is patient and takes her time . so glad i went to her for her first cut . lori also has great entertainment for kids of all ages . i would 110 % recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my quite persnickety almost 4 year old for his first real haircut ( not by mommy ) and he did so well thanks to lori putting him at ease . she definitely gained a loyal customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lori is awesome with the little ones ! we took our 4 yo and 2 yo to get their haircuts for the first time with lori this past weekend and will definitely be going back in the future . lori 's calm and relaxed demeanor really helps the kids to relax , enjoy their movie , and have a ball in her haircut race car . follow that up with a balloon and a sucker and they really enjoyed themselves . on top of that she did an outstanding job on their haircuts . styled and cut how we asked along with her professional input on what would look good as well . do not hesitate to take your little one to kidz cuts by lori .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lori is extremely sweet and has so much patience . she gave my three year old daughter the prettiest cut . she loved getting pampered while watching her favorite movie , frozen . coming back for my second daughters 1st cut as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my 1 1 2 year old daughter to lori for her first haircut and it was wonderful ! her little salon is adorable and super kid friendly ! i was definitely nervous because my little rosy does n't often sit still but she loved sitting in the little race car and watching mickey mouse club . she did n't cry or fuss once and lori was so friendly and sweet . after cutting her hair she styled it and took before and after pictures and even e-mailed me the rest of the pictures she took . needless to say we will definitely be returning for rosy 's next haircut ! n", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just went to lori for the first time and love her ! she gave my daughter a really cute haircut . my oldest daughter ( 5 ) was too big to sit in the car chair but my youngest ( 2 ) was entertained the entire time between the car , the movie , and being able to move freely around the studio . my oldest got her nails painted as part of the hair cut and got to pick a scented spray for her hair which she thought was awesome . i really enjoyed my time at lori 's studio because both kids were happy and contained and we left with a cute haircut for my daughter !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lori is great ! ! ! ! i took my son for his first haircut with lori when he was 1 1 2 & he had a blast ! i was so worried he was n't going to like it but she knows how to work with kids . he loved the car he got to sit in during the service . i love the certificate we get at the end with a before & after picture & a piece of his locks . we went for another haircut today at almost 2 years old & he had so much fun that he did n't even realize he was getting a haircut . thanks lori !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not say good enough things ! we took my son in for his first haircut today and lori was super patient with him and did an amazing job ! she sure has a way with kids and it shows in how they interact with her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give lori 10 stars i would . not only does my 5 year old love getting his hair cut here but my almost 2 year old also loves it ! their haircuts always look beyond awesome and the kids leave smiling . i love taking them to lori and as long as i live in nevada we will follow lori anywhere for haircuts . thank you lori !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my kids love going to lori , especially my daughter . she thinks she 's a princess getting her hair and nails done . lori is the best with kids . they feel comfortable with her in her shop . she 's really friendly and has a fun outlook on life . we always leave with our kids donning the cutest haircuts . i even got my hair buzzed one day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lori is the absolute best ! my son hates even having his hair brushed so i was amazed how great she was with him.. he was moving a lot and crying but she still managed to do a great job , definitely recommend ! ! ( :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to bring your kids ! ! ! lori is super patient and very nice i loved it here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lori is great ! ! ! ! ! my 3 year old son loved getting his hair cut ! he got to sit in a fun car and watch a movie while she cut his hair . she was friendly and fun ! we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing short of amazing ! lori was so kind , friendly , and patient with both of my boys . one of my boys was getting his hair cut for the first time . the haircut was gentle , efficient , and accurate . she showed him the buzzer before putting it on his head so he would n't be frightened . we all had a wonderful experience . thank you so much lori !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another happy camper . my son can be very difficult - 2.5yo full of energy . full ! ! ! lori was amazing - she interacted with him throughout the haircut . he watched tv , rode the awesome car , got a lollipop and a balloon at the end too ( and he stole a chocolate ) . he had haircuts before but he has never been this excited while getting one . totally recommend lori . the only problem is that she is super busy and super booked and it might take a while to get an appointment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had a hard time finding someone who can cut and style my 11-year-old boy 's long hair . lori did a great job ! my son was very comfortable with her and already said he wants to go back to her next time . thank you ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sent my husband to lori today for my 10 month old son 's first cut . having to work , i made sure to tell him to take a picture so i could have the memory . the two of them come to visit me after the appointment and my son has the biggest smile on his face and a perfect haircut to match ! lori was awesome ! ! she even sent us a little certificate with a lock of hair and his before after photo . my husband even took video ( i was amazed ) and my son had a blast the entire time he was there . i could n't be more pleased ! ! i feel confident we will be customers for years to come .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just went back today to get our baby girl # 2 first hair cut ! and as always , lori made magic with her shears ! ! ! thank you lori ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lori was awesome during our son 's first haircut ! the facilities were clean and kid-friendly with a tv for our son to watch while he was getting his haircut . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "she is amazing ! our first time going there and my husband gets lost , but she 's so nice and accommodating that she still took us . my son was n't scared or frightened because she creates such a warm environment . we will be definitely going back to her ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lori is absolutely amazing ! my 2 year old loves her ! she is wonderful at getting him to sit still through the haircut and is so patient with him ! she has movies and games to help occupy him and he loves getting a balloon at the end . his hair always looks amazing when she is done . thank you lori for being so amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "generally very pleased with rent-a-son . the movers -- i had 3 `` sons '' -- were on-time ( even a few minutes early ) and very professional throughout the move ... no complaining , no wasted time , very gracious , etc ... i was quoted 4.5 hours from start-to-finish which was almost spot-on . only complaint i 'd have is that they did not bring 2 spare boxes i asked for to pack some extra odds and ends , although that fault lies with the head office and not the actual movers . also , they nickel-and-dime you a bit by charging $ 25 per art box and each one can only hold two paintings . overall i 'd recommend though you can probably save a few bucks elsewhere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we used rent a son to move a 3bdr home back in the winter . we wanted to kick ourselves for not knowing how easy and stress free they made the move . they were professional , on time , neat , and pleasant to be around . i will use them again for sure . michelle p .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we moved our office with rent-a-son and the movers ( andre , kyle and mikel ) were all great . there were able to able to navigate the stairs , corners and every other challenge of our two sites w o any issues . in summary : they were on-time , efficient and nothing was lost or broken . could n't have asked for a better move", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided to try out a new moving company for my most recent move . rent-a-son had such a high rating and so many good reviews on homestars , i was initially suspicious about who wrote them . that being said , there were barely any negative reviews ( and they were n't even that bad ) so i felt comfortable trying out the company . after my experience , i can completely understand why there are hundreds of 10 10 reviews . amanda coordinated the move and was really personable and helpful . likewise , the two movers who showed up the day of the move were amazing . they were extremely efficient , energetic , and had positive attitudes . plus , they ensured all my furniture were protected with blankets , and they even put down runners so they would n't track dirt into my place . the experience was a huge difference from the move prior , and i am so glad i decided to hire this company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i find it so surprising to see positive reviews of this company . our experience was so very bad . we had a complex move , moving from one place to a temporary place , with some being stored , and then eventually another move to a final house . the cost was about 35 % higher than we were quoted , and although we had 3 movers , 1 of them spent the entire time in the truck . we were highly unsatisfied with the speed of the moves , and how far off the mark the quote was . also , we had to move our final date - move date - into the new house . our contractor had given us a date , and as it approach he had to change it . we gave rent-a-son about 4 days notice - and they charged us a 400 penalty . very upsetting experience , i would not recommend them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great indoor park with trampolines , climbing wall , slides , toddler area , and a huge play structure . my kids loved it ! ! i was a little concerned because the doors to a back storage area were open . hopefully they will find a way to secure that area in the future so parents do n't have to worry about little ones wondering back there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is our first time here . my girls are 13 and 11 . they are having a blast ! they have an amazing parents lounge with wifi . i am just hanging out working while my kids play . will definitely come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brought my boys here today ... awesome ! ! ! there is so much for them to do and plenty of places for parents to relax if they are n't taking part of the fun . the prices are reasonable and the ladies working the front are very friendly and knowledgeable . defiantly will be back and spread the word ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for kids and adults of all ages . they have a toddler area for the smaller kids , slides , trampolines , and rock climbing for everyone else . what i also thought was pretty cool was they have a lounge area for parents that has a few couches , massage chairs and tv 's to kick back and relax while the kids are playing . pricing here is pretty reasonable as its $ 10 a head for 60 minutes of play time . just remember to bring non slip socks or else you have a buy a pair at the front desk .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not very happy . waited in line for 15 minutes . plenty of employees walking around . not one mentioned that a waiver needs to be filled out on ipads before getting in . so i was told to get out of line and fill it out . however , the lady next to me was able to get her filled out by the lady who helped her . waste of my time . i took my kids to the park instead . no communication . no customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow oh wow ! ! best indoor play park i 've ever been to . from the moment we walked in everyone greeted us with a smile and made sure the proper adult consult form was filled out properly . my niece is 6 years old and played like she was in disneyland . the environment is very clean and i highly appreciate how they have all participants wear socks and no shoes . i , as an older woman , was taken back to my elementary school days and jumped and played just as hard . best indoor park to take the kiddos while it 's hot out ! we got here right at 8:30am ( summer hours ) and there were n't many kiddos there but when we left at 10ish there was a line out the door ! ! ! my niece and i have many future play dates planned here for the summer ! thank you urban jungle !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved it ! we went during a less busy time and it was perfect . check in was fast and everything was well kept and clean . had a great time with my hubby and kiddos . i had a blast playing with and racing my 4 year old through the obstetrical course and my 1 year old had a great time playing in the section for the smaller kids . i think one hour of play was perfect ( i was exhausted after that , haha ) . they do have a parents lounge if your kids are older , but if you have a little one around 3-5 i recommend playing with them ; it 's way more fun than just sitting there . staff is super friendly and helpful ; thanks for helping make our day ! we will be visiting again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super fun place ! my only complaint is i wish they would limit the amount of people somewhat because the last few times i 've been there it was out of control packed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely the perfect place to keep everyone in the family entertained ! i 'm not generalizing to much , i hope , but kids and dads can go nuts for hours ; and it appears ( from my elevated gunnery position ) that the moms are enjoying the endless amount of `` mom talk '' down in the neutral zone . my soldiers and i have begun to rely on the moms to resupply us with yellow ammo , so we have become reliant on their generosity . grab the crew and come have fun ! get in the toys and join the kids , it 's awesome ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has the music so loud you would think it 's a club and not a indoor play ground i kidd you not the music is so overwhelmingly louder then a club .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "kids had a blast . get there when they open so you do n't have to stand in line for too long to get in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so much fun . way more to do here then other trampoline parks . well worth the money and groupon offers discounts . kids were entertained the whole time and had plenty to do . i would recommend family days here its even fun for adults . fun for all ages ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a blast for the kids ! they really try to accommodate parents here as well but i personally could n't sit back in the lounge and not keep an eye on the kids . i 'm sure for the right age range it 's a perfect feature for parents . it is nearly impossible to keep track of them from the bottom at every point because there are so many ins and outs . the only thing i would change is maybe some sort of barrier or security feature at the front to prevent younger kids from being able to easily slip by . i could see that happening when they are really busy but for now just got ta try to follow and keep an eye as best you can .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we loved it ! so much to do ! for all ages ! way more than just a trampoline park . it was crowded as can be expected with summer heat . very fun diverse area for younger kids . even my older one loved it . huge slides , obstacle course , swinging logs , parent lounge . we loved the tall slides , ball area & little kid area best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super busy . of course kind of expected given a groupon and friday afternoon . staff was great although lines were long . there is a lot to do here . kid pooped on the trampoline part . staff was quick to clean . we drove a bit far . recommend going first thing in the am . too busy otherwise . fun place . kids liked it . did n't love it . since we live in ahwatukee probably wo n't be back", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fun place , toddler friendly , lots of activities for toddlers and younger kids , well kept and clean .. only complain is no supervision in toddler trampolines with adults and bigger kids jumping .. v dangerous situation for little kids and toddlers . with good supervision the place is fun !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my 3 year old son asks to go to `` urban jungle '' probably 4 5 times a week . and i would totally take him ( if i could ) . this place is walking distance from my house and we absolutley love it ! we watched this location being built for about 3 months and we were so excited to finally check it out . i 'm pleased to say that we were not disapointed . this place is like no other indoor or outdoor park . you pay a reasonable cost for an hour of play , they only charge half price for the parents to join in and play as well . yes you heard me right , the parents and adults can play in the jungle gym just like the kids . this is the best thing in the world especially starting with a 2 year old that can not yet venture off on his own completely . on top of that the staff is always friendly and the facility is nice and clean !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was looking for a fun indoor place for the kids during summer and this place is it ! it 's chaotic but perfect ! there is alittle of everything here . perfect for all ages . they even have places and coaches the parents can chill at . it 's a bit of a drive but was worth it . great job pogo you certainly helped entertain the kids . just be sure to keep an eye on the little ones , easy access to the front door . i do n't see a camera so i would certainly advise that they put one , just invade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son had his birthday party yesterday at urban jungle and it was by far better than i had expected ! our party host ( wish i could remember his name to give him a shout out ) did an outstanding job ! we were short several kids and he kept the party alive . my son loved his party and we honestly could not have asked for more . from planning to party execution everything has been 5-star quality . thank you urban jungle and i wish our party host lots of success in his bright future ahead !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a groupon for this $ 19 for 2 for 90 min not bad . good for younger kids 10 and under . they do n't have the huge trampolines like air extreme but lots of smaller ones , a toddler area , dodge ball , a rock wall , and a nice lounge area for parents . my kids are 8 and 12 and 90 % of the kids there were aged 2-10 . they sure make a big deal about the grip socks . regular socks dont cut it even though air xtreme and jump street only requires normal socks . you can buy them there for 2.70 . i went to target to look for some to use a gift card and they didnt have any . so we get there and they are all out of the silly socks . they ok 'd my kids to jump in their own and my daughter didnt even have any . so the grip socks are unnecessary , otherwise this place is ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we love this place . it 's always very busy ( for a reason ) . lots of kid energy is definitely burned off here ! slides , climbing and trampoline fun . you need anti-slip skid socks ( the kind with raised dots or similar on the bottom ) or you can buy some there for $ 2.50 . sign the waiver before arriving or while in line on your smart phone . there 's always a line twice a day because they close for lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is really clean and great for the kids . there is a parent 's lounge with massage chairs . they play appropriate music loudly and the employees are really attentive to the kids . i highly recommend trying this place . be sure to check groupon before the trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been excited to try urban jungle since we finally have some indoor fun in the our corner of mesa . we were disappointed on our first trip . severely understaffed . 2 ladies checking everyone in , answering questions , and answering the phones . finally , a third lady came to help once the line was literally around the building . it is much too hot in phoenix to wait in that type of line for a cool place for kids to play . i also was only able to locate 2 adults supervising the play area . the kids had a great time and the lounge for adults is amazing . hopefully , they address their issues with staffing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my kid 's love urban jungle , they get to play dodge ball and have a blast.. even my nephew loves it he is 4 years old , extremly tall for his age , but loves to run with the big boys.. such an awesome concept , love the new door 's and was just told there are getting more seating for the parent room , eventhough it was crowed today in there , that was fine by me i love watching the kids have fun and play.. snacks are priced pretty good , bought yummy nacho 's and a soda and watched the kids just run and play.. the staff was great , very friendly and high fiving all the kid 's , some had cleaner and was keeping it cleaned.. great job yall", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took kids here on a monday afternoon . the place is big , my boys are 10 and 7 and had no problems navigating the winding rooms . you have to pay for grip socks if you do n't have them , no biggie . there is a small concession are , more like a mini convenience store . there are usb docks . there is an adult lounge area with big comfy couches and tvs , with pay massage chairs as well . it would be really nice if they had a coffee machine in there or at least sold it . the boys had a blast though , and i was impressed with the toddler area , which was not only large in itself , but well gated off from the bigger kids . fun poppy music , clean and well maintained , visible staff members .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fun and great way to burn off energy . trampolines , obstacle course , slides , climbing walls . there is a separate area for 5 and under . get here early-line was 30 people deep by 11 and check in process is a little slow . make sure and do your waiver online before coming and bring grip socks if you have them ... they sell them for $ 2.50 if you forget . limited snacks and drinks available for purchase .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "staff was very helpful on our first visit . we primarily stayed in the toddler area which had more than enough great toys and activities . however , i was a little disappointed by the lack of enforcement of rules . the toddler area was designated for 5 and under and older kids were running through practically bowling over my 1 year old . in addition , they make a big deal about socks for all those playing but only about half the adults had them on . please enforce this . my son was crawling around and i know socks do n't keep everything sanitary but it is better than sweaty feet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do not go here ! save your money and go somewhere were they will actually appreciate you like ktr ! went here for my daughters birthday last weekend and called the day before and so did my mother in law and we were told it was going to be 13 $ for 2 hours for my little and we got there and they wanted to charge us 30 $ for one hour for her ! ! and they countinued to say `` that 's a discount '' they are liars and will charge you so much more than what they say over the phone or even what their website says .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is insanely fun . there are so many things to do for all ages . we had a blast ! i would just recommend that the supervision be improved . there were lots of very wild `` big kids '' in the toddler area . many of the kids were not keeping the safety rules because no one was really enforcing them . regardless , we all still had a great time and will be going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is awesome for the kids and the kids at heart . took our 2yo to the tot time and we had a great time . so much to play with and very affordable . will definitely be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took our kids here , for the first time.they seemed to like it nice parents area.drinks do n't seem that bad.grip socks are recommended though.had to buy 3 pairs . for 2.50.but overall not a bad place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing place for kids . something for everyone in the family . staff was super nice and friendly one of the best trampoline fun places in the valley for kids . will for sure be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff was very accommodating and my 1 year old son had a great time ! i will continue to go here for a while we really enjoyed it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had sooooo much fun at urban jungle today . it seemed packed when we walked in but once you get playing there was tons of room . lines for the climbing walls moved surprisingly quick . staff was incredibly friendly , and everything was so clean ! we went as a group with another family and even the adults were laughing and enjoying chasing their little 's around . it is so worth the extra $ 2 more than the other trampoline places . especially since my 3 year old got to play with his brother not in a separate room where there is n't much to do . this is our new go to place for indoor play ! the air guns were a favorite . mom loved the inflated obstacle course ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the kids had a really fun time , but it took us thirty minutes to check in for our group party . they seem either short staffed or disorganized .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was amazing . i took my 3 year old during their toddler time , which was nice him not getting knocked over by bigger kids . it was a lot for kids to do there life trampolines , bounce house , rock climbing , and a huge play climbing maze . it reminded me of discovery zone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 9 year old son loves this place ! there 's so much to do for all ages . he loves the obstacle course and trampoline dodgeball . the last time we went was a summer afternoon and it was very crowded . we waited in line for awhile waiting to be helped . next time we will probably opt for the early morning hours . also , the baby area was very clean and so cute ! my 9 month old will be trying it out again soon since she 's now mobile .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very fun place to bring the kids and you ca n't beat the price with their groupon ! ! plenty of things for the kids to do and i love the toddler area ! ! way better then the competition ! ! be sure to bring grip socks if you have some ... if not they have some there to purchase . i would suggest to management though to have somebody at the front door , maybe as a greeter or something to prevent children from just walking out into the parking lot and near mckellips rd . a child ran out the front door screaming for his mother while i was there ... i saw him and was able to grab an employee as i ran out the door and she followed . she was able to find his mom back inside but just scary to think about if myself or somebody else would n't have seen him what could have happened .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good place for the kids to run around , lots of things to do including nerf ball cannons , slides and trampolines . there 's even an adult lounge with comfortable seating and massage chairs . unfortunately you have to pay extra for the massage chairs and if you happen to sit in one and do n't pay for it then an alarm goes off that all the other adults get to listen to until someone figures out why the alarm is going off . shutting the adult room off from the outside noise would be great in addition to more seating and no annoying alarms ! another suggestion is get the line for the counter inside the building ! there is plenty of room to queue people up inside the building yet they have it set up so the line goes right out the doors and outside keeping people in the heat and letting 115\u00b0 outside air in the building .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was very impressed with the equipment , the friendly staff and the day time prices . this is my new favorite place to take my toddlers ! they absolutely loved it and all three of us got a work out and slept like babies when we got home . my only constructive criticism would be the music selection during the day time `` urban tot '' session . not a fan of hearing jason derulo , `` wiggle '' during a toddler oriented session but it was not anything that would cause me to take a star away . great job guys , thanks for the fun times !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty neat place . kiddos played non stop for 90 min , and not one complaint ! check in process was a breeze , but we did have the waiver filled out before we arrived . adult lounge area could use a charging station and maybe more printed media , but thats just my opinion . if possible purchase the groupon to save $ $ .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like urban jungle for my 11-year-old and even my soon to be 14-year-old . we frequent these types of establishments and urban jungle is top notch . i felt safe there and was able to walk around and find my kids pretty easily . i really like the parent 's lounge . this is very comfortable and if you kids are older and do n't need constant supervision then you can relax and they can know where to find you . there are other areas to `` camp out '' if you prefer . check-in is very organized . chaperones were on-task and easily identifiable . drink prices are very reasonable . great way to keep the kids active in the summer . we will continue to go regularly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been here a lot . it 's my daughters ( 12 years old , almost 13 ) favorite indoor jump and play area . love the $ 10 groupon for 90 min . facility is always clean . they have a snack bar with fair prices . will keep coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lots to do , have brought my son here several times he is 3 and he loves it , have a good little kids area and several activities and areas for the older kids , very good hours and price , you have to wear socks or you can buy a pair at the counter", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is pretty fantastic . i have brought my 5 year old here twice now and both times have been great . it 's more crowded than our normal jump park but there are more options here and the prices are reasonable . very small kids have a place to play as well so it 's probably the best option for families with babies and toddlers . my daughter loves any jump place she can talk us into taking her no matter how fancy or basic , crowded or empty , she just wants to go ! usually the deciding factor is price and convenience . one thing i do want to add : the employees here are great ! i love that they will get a trampoline-bastetball game going for the kids and then officiate monitor it ! great use of the facility ! invent some more games ... do this for all age groups throughout the day and i promise i 'll be your new best customer !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice and i love it ! everything is clean ( as can be with children at least ; ) and there 's so much variety and sensory play ! very nice accommodations for the parents , guardians , nursing mothers etc . including a large comfy area to relax or nurse and there are plug in stations if you need to work while you watch your tot play in the secure 5 years and under area . on their busier days ( weekends usually ) they have someone by the door making sure no children wonder outside . also their waiver process is the easiest fastest i 've ever encountered . i always like to do those online before i go , it will make everything a breeze once you get there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the size of this fun park . it 's big enough for my older kids to run around without worrying about them getting lost . the toddler area is one of the better ones than i have seen , and gated which is a plus . there are stools throughout the whole gym to watch your family and a comfy seating lounge with massage chairs ! the only setbacks would be time limit pricing . although a fair price it is the same as makutas island charges for a whole day . food and beverage area would be nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have a 4 & 6 year old and we visited today using our pogo pass . we really loved it , i wish it were closer to us and hope they 'll open a west valley location eventually , but we 'll be back . lots of fun things to do- a designated area for kids under 5 , rock climbing , trampolines , inflatables , ball shooters , lots of climbing . if your kids are old enough to play unsupervised theres a nice lounge for parents with massage chairs and tvs , free wifi . i was especially impressed by the employees we encountered- they asked kids their names and used them , were friendly and encouraging and genuinely seemed like they were having a good time . definitely fill out the waiver online to make checking in go faster , but our wait was n't unreasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extremely helpful , offering some great suggestions to fill out a bouquet . showed me how to properly cut and care for the arrangement . awesome people that know their stuff , with a selection to back it . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'd read some reviews on other review sites about how the guy working here is the `` soup nazi '' ( from seinfeld ) of the montreal floral business . i was extremely curious . i have to admit , i wanted him to be like the soup nazi in seinfeld going in . however , i was pleasantly surprised ; the man working there , while a little curt at times , proved to be extremely patient and helpful . there was a pretty impressive selection of flowers . i had some very specific ones i needed and he happened to have them . he showed me how to make an appropriate cut in the flowers so that they would last longer and gave me a few other tips on how to make them look great ( which i 've since forgotten ) . i was also delighted to see that the flowers i got did not break the bank . there are a ton of florists in montreal , but if you 're in this area and for some reason need flowers , i 'd suggest this one .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've had better hot dogs , namely coneys in detroit . but for being hungry , wanting some options , and being a short walk away from mgm grand , this place is ok in my book . a good , cheap place to eat if you need some food in your stomach before getting ready and going out to the clubs .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always a favorite while at the mccarran airport . they 're andouille sausages are to die for . meals ( dog+fry+drink ) can get a bit pricey $ 9- $ 10", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bleh ... .i guess . i had the chicago-style hot dog and the veggie mix on top was just way too excessive . i could n't even taste the hot dog anymore because of all the damn toppings . my friend ordered the bratwurst and it was pretty plain tasting , nothing special . even our sodas were wack -- super syrupy and sweet . wish i tried some other place before here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after eating super rich foods & spending ridiculous amounts of money in vegas all week , a hot dog lunch was just what we needed . located in new york new york , this quaint little hot dog place has a quality dog & great fries . two people will leave full for just about $ 10.00 . a native nyc-er & chicagoan give it 2 thumbs up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i can see by the reviews people who love this store are only giving it 3 stars . this is shocking to me . if you love a store one would think you would give it a five star . i am giving it a three star , not because i do n't like the store , but because i only went there one time . i got a bender for my granddaughter , and to my surprise it was broken . it did n't run . i have never been to a thrift shop that did n't test the things before they try to sell something . you can not return..to bad for me and to bad for them . they lost a great customer the first day . do n't let my problem keep you from visiting this store , just be careful ... have a happy day..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "staff is nice , store is a little run down . they have some shopping carts , but they 're so bent and grubby i wondered if the homeless had been using them prior to catholic charities getting them . prices were ok - $ 7.00 for a poly-print women 's dress ( just a suggestion , they might want to take the $ 5.00 walmart price tag off before pricing the dress higher ) . my husband picked up a number of hawaiian print shirts which were cool . oddly enough , we were trying to find a used bible and were surprised they did n't have any ( or any books for that matter ) at a catholic thrift store . overall , this place is just ok - i do n't think i 'd make a special trip or anything to come here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i stopped by here after going into zombie zone and i was a little surprised to find that the store is pretty run down despite the busy shopping center it is in . they do n't really seem to have the selection that goodwill has , but who 's to say you might not find a treasure hidden somewhere ? the employees were very friendly so i can not comment on any employees arguing . i managed to find one brand new burlap sack tote bag but the rest of the items were pretty grim . however , i figured this is for charity so i felt pretty good about my $ 5 purchase .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yelp 365 challenge 2014- ( 318 365 ) `` thrifty treasures '' when it comes to poppin ' tags , savers and goodwill are usually the first things that come to mind . another place is catholic charities . this location is pretty small and pretty organized . aide from clothes , they got tons of random stuff for your home , sporting goods , toys , furniture , and more ... pretty neat place to look for costume accessories too if there 's an upcoming yelp event that we can dress up for ! the people here are very nice and friendly , and always ready to answer any questions you may have . they also give you a heads up on any specials they are running . on this visit , they had 50 % off all clothes in the store . you may just find what you need for your ugly sweater party here ! ... . ; ) aloha ! ! ! shaka meter : uuu uuu uuu 3", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great little thrift store ! clean and organized with friendly staff . someone has clearly put in time and effort arranging stock items to make them more appealing : creating gift baskets , bundling wine books with glasses and decorative stoppers , setting up tasteful window displays , etc . stopped in looking for furniture and decor items , got a vase and a basket to place shoes in by the front door , both for under $ 10- which was great pricing but unfortunately , card purchases under $ 10 are charged a . $ 1 transaction fee . did n't mind because it is run through a charity organization , but it is worth noting . cashier was friendly and let me know that each day of the week they offer various 25 % discounts- one day is military , another is teachers and students , etc . unfortunately the discount schedule changes weekly , so you ca n't just stop in on your day of the week . not sure what the logic behind that is .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great staff the prices are good found some amazing soccer jerseys at a very low price probably rare jerseys", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will say that this store use to be really good with how much good quality stuff they got . now every time i go in i always ask if there closing because they never have anything really . i have been to the store on eastern and like it because they 're never empty but they are way way overpriced . you would think with the stores being under same organization they would have same prices and stuff . but i am giving 5 stars because when i do go i get awsome service and if i find something it 's a really good price not dirt cheap and not macy 's high . besides this store is closer to me than the other one . but they really need to get more stuff shelves look empty . overall i like this little place it 's good for the community .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sadly , over the last few years this store has completely changed and not for the better ! i think that anyone who has shopped there from the time they opened in 2011 until now would agree that it 's gone from a great priced , well stocked , boutiquish feel with awesome customer service to a dirty , unorganized , unfriendly junk store ! ! i used to prefer going there to the goodwill but not anymore , over the last couple of years they 've lost all but 2 of their best employees and their new management team does n't seem to know how to successfully run a thrift store . they had an awesome retail director that opened the 2 stores but after the monsignor passed away back in 2013 , i heard they lost more than half of their management and the people that were hired to take the place for retail ... . well , it speaks for itself . check it out for yourself , especially if you have n't been there in a couple of years ... . you 'll be shocked too ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after providing us with an estimate , brian failed to timely respond to our follow-up inquiries . brian 's delayed response was disconcerting as we were looking to contract his services for a time sensitive project . thus , we decided to go with another flooring company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "me definitely thinks not ! ! called and made arrangements . was told they were busy but would get back to me in a week . i was willing to wait so i waited . following week , heard nothing so contacted them again . very nice but again , ca n't get to you right away but set a timeframe and yep , you guessed it , nada . how unprofessional ! glad i found someone willing , able and qualified to do the job : need a recommendation , use , kr flooring solutions , ph 602 442-9190 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am the business owner and strive for excellence ! i have built this business from the ground up all on word of mouth . i retain and practice high business standards on both customer service as well as massage practice . unfortunately there are people out there that want discredit me based on a personal rejection . i am working on having that review removed that was placed today on july 6 , 2017 by that individual . circumstances had nothing to do with my business practices . i apologize for any inconveniences or misinterpretations to my clients . please feel free to contact me directly at 920-980-8659 sincerely , heather kwiatkowski", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found heather through a friend and that 's been the best recommendation i 've received since moving to phoenix . heather is amazing . she always asks about any problem areas and knows exactly what my body needs . she 's able to dig into my knots yet still keep me relaxed . i always feel relaxed and refreshed after one of her massages . thank you heather !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was taking care of heather the customer at my workplace , and noticed she was wearing a massage shirt . my job at that time required 8 hours of standing on a concrete and tile floor , which was further aggravating a hip problem . having had massage therapy in the past , i knew this was the right solution . heather provides a comforting environment and offers several different options depending on what your personal needs are . each time i have left after a session , the pain in my hip is gone , which is the happiest ending you can get . professional , clean and no funny business makes this a great experience worth repeating . i 've had several sessions already , and plan to have more . and did i mention , heather is a very attractive woman with a great personality . i 'm really glad my old job connected me to her . you will be very happy with your sessions ! ! i ca n't wait for my next one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vraiment meilleur que le st-hubert de sainte-julie . par contre un benny sans livraison ! ? ! ? come on l\u00e0 vous pourriez vous forcer un peu ... . surtout que votre seul comp\u00e9titeur se force pas du tout ... .\u00e7a serait facille pour benny de les d\u00e9troner , avec le poulet juteux qui est vraiment mais vraiment sup\u00e9rieur \u00e0 celui des concurrents !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent qualit\u00e9 vs prix mais il ne font pas la livraison il y a eu une erreur une fois dans ma commande et le g\u00e9rant m'a t\u00e9l\u00e9phon\u00e9 pour corriger la situation vraiment ils ont de la classe", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're a fan of swiss chalet it 's disappointing to eat here . it 's like the chicken is deep fried rather than roasted with its crispy skin ( like at scores , but it could be heavily buttered to get that crisp too ) , gravy reminds me of store bought gravy ... the same half a bun that st hubert pushes with the key difference of any competitor being crinkle cut fries . the place is cheaper than the competitors and the modern atmosphere and service was great at this quick serve location . i 'd rather just stick with swiss chalet or st hubert .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "overall good place to go grab a snack or meal when hungry . i would say that this would be my favourite franchise out of all the rotisserie `` fast food '' restaurants . it 's strictly take-out or delivery place here . no tables . service is very friendly and fast . the portions are quite generous for the price . i got the club sandwich with a poutine instead of fries for under 15 $ . i also asked for extra gravy that i would pay for but the lady gladly smothered my poutine with it and gave me an extra cup ! all that without surcharge ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "il y a un sp\u00e9cial du chef \u00e0 bon prix et vous avez soupe , salade bar et boisson gazeuse a volont\u00e9 ... avec le poulet et leur fameuse sauce ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i could give negative stars , i would . if i could shit nuclear warheads , i would ask to use their restroom . if i had a choice between eating rotting tuna salad out of my own anus or getting free lifetime service from this joke of a garage , pass the spoon . it all started back in 2004 , when i climbed a curb after being a bit ... unable to operate machinery . so i 'm rolling down spring mountain to get lunch and figure what the hell , since i 'm here , blah blah blah ... .. anyways , the same douchebag-wunderkind-type that m.h . speaks of takes 2 hours to put my whip on the hydraulic , even though i was the only one there . get it back , take it on the road , still swings right . complain about it . the grand finale : `` you know how some roads are canted left or right ? that 's why your car does that . it 's the roads . '' avoid this place like mike tyson on viagra .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came to get an oil change and brandon and hans was very accommodating . everything was handled professionally and promptly . i definitely will return for service in the future", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well i decided to gave this place a 5 star and 5 diamonds in customer satisfaction thanks to crystal ! ! ! ! i stop there yesterday but it was to late to do my alignment so she set me up for 7 am today , she is very kind and sweet ! ! ! omg i will comeback with any excuse just to see her again lol ! ! ! i wish i can say the same about all the employees but i ca n't ! ! ! they just walk around and not even a salude or a good morning or at smile , well people people with no manners ! ! ! ! but im very happy with crystal she is the best ! ! ! also the alignment was a good job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible service , terrible attitudes . i was here 3 hours until they final told me my company did n't approve the service . they simply let me sit there and wait while they kept trying to argue with the company . unbeknownst to me the had known the whole time it was n't going to be approved they just figured they 'd try anyway . absolutely horrific experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "crystal was amazing assistant for us ! ! ! so nice and welcoming and the service was absolutely good ! ! ! ! we loved it ! ! ! thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good customer service from the gentlemen that works here , they got me right in and out . thank you for taking me in as a walk in ( :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "writing this review on behalf of my brother , who went in for a simple oil change today . in the process , they stripped his oil plug and when they could n't get it back in , they tried to charge him $ 600 . my brother ended up going and doing it himself for $ 12 . at this point , he was stranded there waiting for a friend because his car would n't run due to the lack of oil . thanks for the lack of help , hans . lost a valued customer today .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came in to ted wiens yesterday to have my truck check cause it wasnt starting . brannon and crystal the service manager were very nice . they asked to keep my turck over night cause they werent having any issues starting my truck . crystal went over possible causes but kept telling me that it may or may not fix my truck because all their test said everything was good . i asked crystal what i should do . she explained that it was up to me and that she doesnt want to sell me any thing i dont need . i really liked how honest she was . and told me if i have any issues to call so she can take another look . ted wiens really cares . if anyone has car problems goto ted wiens on spring mountain .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this shop is amazing ! ! i came in from out of town with some car troubles afraid i would be stranded . carrie and her team were so awesome and honest . they helped me out right away and got me back on the road in no time . i am more than grateful for them . thank you so much carrie for taking care of me . your customer service is second to none .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honest and fairly priced . came in before the memorial day weekend . eric b looked over my vehicle and noted only two tires needed to be replaced not four . appreciate the honesty and not trying to upsell . he also got my tires rotated and i was out the door when promised to start on my road trip . no issues and priced well . love the feel of my new drive !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the best experience today at ted wiens on spring mountain ! ! i needed four new tires and hans lopez took care of everything ! ! in just a couple of hours i had four new tires and hans was very professional and extremely knowledge ! ! thank you ! ! ! ! jay", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so after ted wein spent 4 hours to diagnostic my engine light , they came up with nothing , they took my money , wasted my time and i wont be back . i ended up taking my car to a ford dealer . so this note to you ted.. the items you listed on my bill are a joke . the actual reason my engine light was on was because the cars pcm computer is malfunctioned , imagine that huh . its was n't the spark plugs or boots , was n't the alternator plug , all along it was the power train module . so again thanks for wasting my time and money..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've lived in this area by ted weins for 12 years.i have a 2000 chevy malibu and every time i 've had a problem i 've taken it over to this ted weins . there is a guy at the front counter named kyle.he definitely knows his stuff and has been working that front counter for longer than i 've been going there.sure at times the price has made me cringe but those are not some young kids in there doing the work on your car and if something is still wrong with your car after they fix it i 've taken it back and they have no problem checking it out for you and making sure you 're happy with their service.my husband and i know that when we take our car into their shop the job will get done properly.as of today my 2000 malibu runs smooth and just passed smog again with no problems .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my car overheated for some reason so i pulled into ted wiens . hans , thier manager charged me $ 44 for the diagnostics and fixed the problem causing it to overheat . he guessed that the cooling system replacement done on it left air somewhere in the engine . im not entirely sure exactly what was wrong because i had been gambling and boozing for a few days ... it went in one ear and out the other . but he was exactlt right , there was a cooling system job done on it a year ago . it was a pleasant surprise to hear from them a few hours after dropping it off that the problem found was minor , fixed , and ready for pickup at no charge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok frankly i am tired of this place . i love jimmy john 's but this location is terrible . they should focus less on being `` freaky fast '' in their empty restaurant and more on being `` freaky accurate '' . my wife is in here all the time getting us subs and they continually screw up the order - either giving us crap we did n't want on the sub or forgetting crap we do want on the sub . they also continually forget to give us the pickle we paid for . it is a joke , if we have to say , `` uh yeah i am still waiting on my pickle '' one more time i am going to bang my head against the wall . this location really does n't give a shit what sub they give you or what you want on it . you will get what they give you and be happy with it or you can take your business elsewhere which is what we plan to do .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is as good as any jimmy johns , but they do n't deliver to eaton estate ( literally 5 minutes down the road ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "overall : good cold lunch meat subs , but the service at this location is lacking and they do n't deliver more than 2 miles . food : 3 stars . i like the cold lunch meat subs , but they 've had basically the same menu for 15 years . they could use some innovation . service : 2 stars . i 've been in the location a few times , and the employees are constantly sitting at the table on their phones . also , i only live 2 miles ( 5 minutes ) away but they wo n't deliver to me . location : 3 stars . it 's in the center of macedonia , but the location is difficult to turn in and out of .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went in ordered was never asked what condiments vegetables type of bread nothing ! just a plain sandwich was made . when i said i guess i do n't get any thing on it he did n't offer to add anything just said `` they are good that way anyway '' . my advice ... go to subway ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "chain with recent upgrades and remodeling . customer service is weird here . sometimes it 's good but most times it 's not .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "its rite aid . it 's close to my house . this location closes a way too early in my opinion . if you 're in a rush ... i would avoid coming into this location during rush hour . little old ladies are cute but when i need to get to work and there 's 5 people ahead of me and you 're moving as slow as paint dries ... ehh ... no thank you . that just leaves me irritable and well late for work .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "spent 15 mins walking around the store to find what i needed that was in places it should n't have been . i was trying to find an umbrella and changes of clothes for myself and my son at the nearby children 's hospital and before i made it to the check out the power went out and came right back on . the registers went down so i could n't check out and the store manager made everyone leave the store . instead of letting me wait and check out for my items when the system came up . so i dropped all my items and walked in the pouring rain back to the hospital . i will not do business there again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had to switch dds and was scared about my appt . but they made you feel comfortable . tv was on during entire appt . nice change . the dds did the cleaning himself . showed me my x-rays on the tv screen and explain what he finds .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the smile ! dental center provided me with excellent service and very clean teeth when i was finished with my appointment ! the staff is very nice and the email reminder about my appointment was great . dr. foust was terrific as he did the actual cleaning and took the time to help get to know you and your teeth rather than most other dentists i 've seen where they barely look at you mouth . i would recommend anyone to the smile ! dental center . i especially enjoyed the warm towel , execptional service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr foust and his staff give a new meaning to `` going to the dentist '' ! ! the office is perfectly located , parking is easy . aside from being state of the art it also offers a cozy non threatening vibe with large flat screens and hd stereo playing throughout . dr foust is clinically superior and one of the nicest guys i 've ever met . his support staff is very knowledgable , friendly and eager to answer any questions . first class choice for your dental care ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm new enough to the area that i do n't have a dentist yet , so when i popped a crown out of my mouth late friday night i freaked . a quick google search found dr. foust quite near me . open on weekends - yes ! could they get me in on short notice - yes ! that alone would have sold me . the environment in the office is laid back and modern . flat screens and music really are n't my thing but i appreciated that it was n't he same-old-same-old . i was examined and treated in short order , in a very professional but casual way . the options were explained to me and bam - i was outta there . now i have a new dentist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. foust and his team are so friendly and professional . megan was so thorough during my cleaning and dr. foust talked to me not `` at '' me or down to me . i left the office feeling educated and at ease . tyler and mindy were also great with helping me with my whitening service and setting up my next appointment . if you 're looking for a great dentist in a clean , professional and friendly atmosphere , that does n't pressure you in anything unnecessary this is the place for you ! i look forward to coming back ! thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wenn man es im wahrsten sinne des wortes zugig mag , sollte man sich hier am bahnsteig der s-bahn richtig wohlf\u00fchlen k\u00f6nnen . denn die aufenthaltsqualit\u00e4t ist hier eher negativ . die kr\u00f6nung ist dann die unterf\u00fchrung zur filderhofstra\u00dfe - wenigstens riecht es dort nicht ansatzweise so , wie es aussieht ... immerhin verkehren hier drei s-bahn- und mehrere stadtbahnlinien , so dass das wegkommen gesichert ist .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "zugiger durchgangsbahnhof in stuttgart-vaihingen . nix besonderes , aber auch nix schlechts ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stuttgart vaihingen eignet sich sehr gut zum umstieg von s-bahn in die u-bahn , jedoch mehr wird hier auch nicht geboten .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "der bahnhof vaihingen hat keine \u00f6ffentliche toilette , s\u00e4mtliche dort abfahrenden s-bahnen und strassenbahnen haben ebenfalls kein klo . wer kurz vor der heimfahrt mit dem zug nochmal dringen muss findet vor der unterf\u00fchrung auf der ostseite , hinter dem fahradst\u00e4nder ein dichtes geb\u00fcsch das zumindest im sommer weitestgehend blickdicht eine last-resort pinkelm\u00f6glichkeit bietet , bevor man in die s-bahn steigt . in das geb\u00fcsch f\u00fchrt ein trampelpfad vom fahradst\u00e4nder aus jedoch sollte man grade im dunkeln vorsichtig sein wo man seine f\u00fcsse hinsetzt . auf der r\u00fcckseite ist ein gel\u00e4nder , hinter dem die rollstuhlabfahrt zur unterf\u00fchrung ein ganzes st\u00fcck tiefer liegt . nicht die beste alternative , aber besser als eine stunde in der s-bahn mit druck auf der blase .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unlike the mass food franchises would like to have you believe , not all locations are equal . this one on kent rd in stow is always clean and always staffed with friendly people . now you can only do so much for the food but the manager has his staff well trained and the quality of the food has been the best i 've had at any wendy 's", "score": "4"}
{"review": "orders always wrong , and cold . go to the one @ graham and rt 8 . they do a consistently better job .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sadly , this is one of the few fast food chains my husband will eat at but i ca n't stand this specific location . every single time i go here my food is always cold and blah . the only time i 've ever gotten fresh food is when i 've ordered a large , otherwise its cold leftover limp fries . it 's like going out with someone you 've met online strictly as friends but then they call you their date or ask if they can kiss you at the end of the night ( and they always have bad breath ! ) when all you want is for the night to end asap . however , i have to admit that i saw a new face when i checked in here and was pleasantly surprised that my food was actually warm & fresh . i had to wait in the parking lot for my order to be made but the nice young kid who brought me my food was awesome ! maybe all they need is a new & improved staff ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a lovely park that i 've driven by but never stopped at until today when i went to the farmer 's market there . the facilities were very clean and i saw several families having sandwiches and enjoying the late afternoon . i also saw the angel park trailhead for bikes and walkers . now i know a different way i can ride in this area and be off the sidewalks and away from traffic . this is n't the same as having a picnic at spring mountain ranch , but if you 're staying in the city , this would be a fine place to gather your family .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i started a bootcamp here , and i am just feeling great ! ! ! it is a hard work out , but its different than going to the gym . having someone monitor you , and pushing you to do your best is effective . this is a group work out for one hour , including conditioning , jogging , walking , circuits , and much more . every time you show up you do n't know what 's in store for you . i will definately pay for another month ! ! ( its only 35.00 )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rain or shine , bruce trent park is a great community park for family fun . today we spontaneously grabbed a picnic to go from whole foods market . we enjoyed an afternoon under a cloud covered sky for a comfortable january day . i appreciate the play equipment for small tikes and growing kids , especially three swings for older children . the playgrounds are enclosed by walkways and lawn , away from the streets . the bathroom is easily accessible . if you are fortunate to live in the pueblo , take advantage of a walk to the park . as summer approaches there 's a small splash pad . mark your calendar for weekly farmer 's market time or watch a local baseball game .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lovely park . i come here to take advantage of the fresh 52 farmers market on wednesdays . there are many benches and picnic tables all around under the trees to sit and take a load off or enjoy food and drinks . with this park being only 10-12 minutes from the house we plan on using it more than just during the farmers market . the perimeter has a very nice walking loop . water feature for children to splash , the only thing that this park is missing is a dog area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this park is known for the bootcamp classes taught here , and for the farmer 's market , too ! other than that , it 's just a small park . the kids seem to like it here , though my dog-child ( it 's really a dog ) seems to dislike this place a little . i think it 's because there are more interesting smells in red rock than here , so he gets bored here . anyway . alone , this park is meh . but you can take the trail that connects it to the giant kellogg-zaher one a bit away , and then to the other one behind the kmart , and it 's a huge trail . it 's awesome that way . there is not a place for dogs here , i do n't think , though i never spend more than a few minutes here before heading to the trail .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my son loved it here , everyone else already wrote about how giant it was and so on so i wont repeat . we will be returning for sureskiies !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like this park . i visited the park 3 or 4 times a week prior to my move across town , and i miss the amenities . with newly renovated tennis courts , batting cages , and an indoor soccer facility there are a ton of activities . the farmers market is nothing to get excited about in my opinion . there are only a few vendors and none of them are memorable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice family park . i took my daughter to the splash pads . two elephants that spray water up work great . seems like a nice park i 've only used the playground area . fun farmers market on wednesdays . larger playground on sand but a smaller one for little kids on a squishy ground behind the bathrooms . enjoyable during the day seems busy in the later afternoon because of pokestops .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here to sit by a near tree at a bench . weather was nice today . breezy and was n't busy either . sitting in the shade was great ! i believe this park has 2 tennis courts , and some other fields but i did n't really check out the entire park . may be a little noisy from the traffic of cars on rampart but not too bad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a good park with a large kids play area , and a lot of grass and picnic areas . my kids enjoy this park . this is also where they regularly hold a farmers market .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great park has water feature for cooling down , kids area , shade and on wednesdays the farmers market which is fun to cruise through . we make this a good turn around for cycling .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice views of the strip and the mountains ! great distance walk run along angel park trail & the bonanza trail . along the way you will pass the kellogg zaher soccer complex & the darling tennis courts which leads to another park , the bill briare family park . nice place to get your exercise !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice park overall . there is a farmer 's market held every wednesday evening . nice kids play area with a small water feature .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this company is the worst company i have ever dealt with . no need for details but briefly my problem steams from a htc one repair . locked . i sent for repair an unlocked phone and received a locked phone back , and futuretel agent terry laughed and told me futuretel does not unlock phones , and it seems she 's the only person working in this company as no other agent answers the phone . i filed a formal complain with htc today , oct 10 , 2014", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible company to deal with . my new lg android is not holding a battery charge . lg told me to contact futuretel , which i did . i wanted to ask a few questions . i wanted to tell them what the problem was and ask some questions like , what their turn around time would be for the repair and would there be any charges . non of these questions were answered . what i got was a woman with a heavy accent yelling at me , saying they do not offer technical support . i told her i was not asking for technical support . she was still yelling . i asked her why she was yelling at me and then she slammed the phone down . i am a reasonable and polite person . no customer should ever be treated like this . i will not deal with this company ever nor will i ever purchase an lg product again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "highly recommend avoiding this business . lg paid for us to send my wife 's phone to futuretel . 3 weeks later she receives an email saying that they will not repair it unless we either pay them $ 452 ( the phone is now worth as low as $ 200 new ) or a $ 35 analysis fee ( which was never declared prior to sending ) . as the device was only suffering from the notorious lg boot loop issue ( the same one that currently has led to a class action lawsuit against lg in california ) and can be corrected with a re-soldering of pieces back to the mainboard , it should not cost double the price of the phone to correct . i would not be surprised if this is a scam to get people to relinquish their phones free of charge so that they can quickly repair them and resell them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "final evaluation asap but to date they have been completely efficient and courteous . i shattered the glass on my nexus 6 and motorola had me send it to futuretel . i just got off the phone with them and was very pleased with the service and price . i will amend this when the repaired phone is received . four business days and the repaired nexus 6 arrived ready to use . i found the price fair given the phone 's original cost and from what my techie friends tell me , the complexity of replacing the screen without damaging the phone . i would recommend this company without hesitation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to the bridal fashion debut with my daughter and we found her florist , caterer , dj and many others . it felt like disneyland for brides . so much to see and do only wish we would have allowed ourselves a little more time . be sure to make it to the 1pm fashion show for bridesmaids only fashions loved all the new colors and looks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased my tickets online so i could attend the show with my sister who is engaged . i drove from california to take her to the show . the actual expo was awesome . tons of vendors and all very nice . the reason i am giving 2 stars is because since i bought my tickets online , they sold my email address and phone number to all of the vendors . i have received a ridiculous amount of emails , phone calls and text from these people . i never once signed up for anything at the expo , as i was not the one getting married . i looked at the fine print after i started receiving these very annoying emails and calls to find that it does say they will share your information . we attended the expo in june , and here its mid august and i am still constantly being bombarded by these people after `` unsubscribing '' to almost every email . i do not recommend purchasing these tickets online . just buy when you get there and do n't give them your email or phone number .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the bridal show is a one stop shop for everything you need ! the fact that i could go to one place rather than run all over town and meet the actual people i will be dealing with . my time is valuable and to save time and money as well as find ideas that i had n't even thought of made this a great option for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg loved this show ! im getting married this december and ca n't wait to go again ( they have a june and january show ) ! it has tons of booths and saved me a bunch of time ... . i was able to book my cake company at the show because i was able to try literally 10 types of cake from different companies there and also booked my dj . would def recommend to anyone who is engaged or thinks they will be soon : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the bridal fashion debut held twice a year in the phoenix convention center is an amazing resource for everyone planning a wedding or any party . where else can you pay a small ticket price and have access to literally hundreds of top event professionals under one roof . yes , there are lots of people , yes the samples are small , but the ideas and deals that happen are well worth it . bring stickers with your name and wedding information to register for all the amazing discounts and prizes , wear comfy shoes and be prepared to be amazed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "1 . get to the show early the first fashion show gets crowded-about 8:30 am 2 . bring address labels or you will be writing a lot ( setting up appointments ) 3 . take advantage of show specials-be ready to book there at the show for the best rates 4 . wear comfortable shoes and bring a canvas bag for all the free samples , goodies , sometimes the plastic bags can break . even a backpack is smart . 5 . do n't bring kids too much to do and see-get a babysitter . my moh made the mistake of taking her 3 year old . bad choice . 6 . bring your friends it is sooo fun 7 . buy your tickets online , it is buy one get one free", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dragged here by a friend . hated it . power sales guys and pushy women everywhere . ugh . would never go again . ever . did i say never ever ? some good cake to taste . if i have to say something nice . cake . after waiting in a long line of annoying , clawing women .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i literally moved around the corner 3 miles total and returned it with a full take of gas with no damage . i picked the truck up on a friday and returned it the next day saturday . i was told and charged my total of $ 38 . i noticed another charge on my credit card statement a month later that there was an additional $ 46 charged the same day as the $ 38 . i was charged without a call or anybody saying anything to me on drop off that they charged me for an additional day or any other charges . very unhappy and will never go back . total to move literally around the corner from this place was over $ 80 . consumers learn from my experience and go elsewhere . beware they are crooks !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i hate to say it , but i do have quite a bit of experience moving and renting trucks . these guys are great to work with . i 've used them a couple of times and returned specifically because of the experience . always super-friendly over the phone and a pleasure to work with . even last minute . the location is spot on , super convenient . definitely recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had no problems renting a last-minute truck for an emergency move . the people behind the counter were informative , and renting the truck was quick , easy and affordable . i got a furniture dolly for an extra $ 7.00 the office was small and clean . there 's a little section on a wall where they sell a small number of move-related items like tape and bungee cords . the van i got was clean- no complaints . dropping off the truck was simple as well , as they have a nighttime slot to drop the key into . they are sticklers for refilling the gas tank and i was duly warned that i 'd be charged over $ 30 if i neglected to bring the tank back up to the halfway mark . i 'll definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best uhaul people i have ever dealt with . super friendly and very accommodating with moving plans . i have used them a few times now for uhaul services and i have enjoyed my experiences every time . absolutely recommend them for your movie needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service . tommy greeted me right as i walked in and had all the answers to my questions . picked out a great vape that suited my needs and showed me some amazing flavours .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awsome store & staff ! u guys got ta take a bow incredible varieties thanku for being wheelchair acessible", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection of flavs and hardware . usually stocked in all levels 3-12 . only miss out in the 5th star becauze they dont offer 1.5mg and sometimes run out of 3mg on some flavs . staff is super friendly and the owner is straight up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you got the order wrong ? good job on making the wrong into a right ! order so my friend and i ordered a happy meal and replaced the drink with a coffee . we also wanted one of those cinnamon bun . the cashier did n't punch the cinnamon bun into the register . when we got our order , and there was no cinnamon bun , he apologized and gave us a discount on the cinnamon bun . we felt good . hangout there is a tv and free wifi at this location . is this normal ? it was great ! parking free parking !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "brutal staff . i have been here at least 6 times cause i live close and i think they have screwed up my order ... 4 times . enough said ... .not pleased ... will go back cause it 's mickey d 's but i am checking my order thoroughly !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this location had been stuck in the 80 's up until recently and service was very poor ( orders missing things or just plain wrong ) . they added electronic ordering kiosks which allow you to input your own order , exactly how you want it and your receipt has a number that is soon after called out for you to pick up . i would still suggest double checking that everything is correct when you receive your food as this location is known for it 's incompetent staff ( even when it 's not busy ! ) . gave it 3-stars only because i love the new kiosks and new renovations they 've done . otherwise i 'd give it a 2-star .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a great location . it 's very busy but clean and the staff is on the ball . my food is always fresh and they always give extra sauce on your sundae . it 's a community hub for the local school kids and seniors alike . the dining room is relaxed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "vibe forget about lavalife . if you 're looking for a 60 year old single greek man , he 's definitely here during the day . they 're all over the place speaking greek . it 's really ... all greek to me . otherwise , there 's a teacher marking drawings at a booth ( seriously ) . this one is spacious and open and clean though . it 's nice . i ate craving the quarter pounder . even after double checking the price of $ 8.92 for my combo , i realized that the cashier lied to me and gave me a double quarter pounder . grr . then 3 4 way through the meal , realized part of my burger was pink . i 'm no hamburger expert but if i see pink in my burger at mcdonald 's i get concerned ! obligatory catchy remark it 's not a good sign when you say `` i do n't feel so good '' after a mcdonald 's meal . i do n't think i 'll need it for another 6 months . self-sabotage sometimes works !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "in the last 5 visits or so , this mcdonalds location has either been slow , or part of your order is not given , and on one of the 5 visits , they completely burned the egg mcmuffin , and on another , with the same for me and the sausage egg mcmuffin for my husband , they reversed the top facing words for the type of mcmuffin . the last time i was there , they left out one of the two pies i ordered , and a number of times they have been slow on making the jr. bacon cheeseburgers and smoothies , sometimes meaning two or even 3 other customers having their orders completed before mine . it seems like the new hires that they got recently are terrible , unlike how this location used to be , which it used to be pretty good about 5 years ago . plus it 's often full or nearly so at the tables .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "biggest problem with this location is staff ! ! if you get the young staff , they 're too busy filling their friends and or coworkers orders first . if you get an older staff member , they 're doing their job but at a much slower pace . i guess they rely on their location to keep them busy rather then treating their customers good . also , everyone knows in almost any job , coworkers and friends try to hook each other up , but do n't make it so obvious infront of paying customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the hottest joint for the 60+ greek crews in pape village ; - ) half the staff is very nice and the other half is well -- so dumb and rude . i ordered a meal from very rude girl and walked home looked in my meal and it was missing half - i walked back in middle of winter and politely asked the girl for the missing things she forgot- she rolled her eyes instead of saying sorry and got one thing put someof the missing things in my bag and walked away ..i asked can i have new fries she said `` um why '' - i said they are cold as i had to walk home and back here and again she rolled her eyes got them and put them in my bag . i was checking if everything was there and she again for got my yogurt that i originally ordered ! while i was looking she says `` everything is there '' in a rude tone i said actually u forgot my yogurt she gives me a dirty look grabs it and slams it on the counter ..wtf ? ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed this ulta . it has a great selection of items and the store was very well kept . i love being able to swatch all the different products . i could spend hours in here just playing with makup , smelling perfumes and testing out lotions and such . the girls i spoke to were all very helpful and willing to help where they could . if i could i would by almost everything . then prob return half the products because let 's face it not every product is worth the money . that is one of the great things about ulta . if you buy a product using your ulta card it stays on file so if you do n't like if or there 's some type of defect with it you have 60 days to return it . also wait till they have a 20 % off sale . it makes it a lot easier to justify spending $ 50 on a pallet when you get 20 % off . until next time my friend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stopped in last weekend to take advantage of a good deal for 21 days of beauty . $ 20 eyelash curler for $ 10 . never in my life have i spent even $ 5 on a decent eyelash curler ( $ 1 elf all the way ! ) but i was curious of the level of awesome a $ 20 eye lash curler can achieve ( its pretty good ... def not worth $ 20 , but worth the $ 10 i spent on it ) during 21 days of beauty , the steals of the day are right at the front door . i went in knowing what i wanted , grabbed it , browsed for an entire 10 minutes then left . i see reviews mentioning this store is small . i personally did not notice . i do n't know if they have a hair salon or a ton of hair styling products ( usually toward the back ) . that may be why the store is considered small to some people . staff was kind and helpful . this store was n't crowded like the waterfront of north hills locations so that 's cool", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i agree with some of the other reviews as to the size of this location , but they carry the stuff i like . staff is friendly and lets you explore on your own , but is there when you need help .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the store is well lit and clean , all of the staff i have encountered have been wonderfully polite and helpful , but the store is small compared to other ulta 's do they do n't carry certain lines or products .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "out of say the 5 or 6 ultas i 've been too this is one of my favorites . i would definitely go more often but it 's a hike from my house . the staff is amazing they are n't up your butt the entire time you are there . totally worth a trip in !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been getting my hair cut here for about a year . my stylists emily is a real pro and very friendly . the check out staff are also nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "located in the basement of the chase building , this florist shop is definitely one of the best florists that service the phoenix downtown area . their bouquets are gorgeous and range from classic , exotic to contemporary . great service and judy , the owner , takes care of any of your needs including any personal touches that you 'd like to add to your order . only reason why i knock a star is that i wish that they had more of a selection of fresh flowers for people who just want to buy flowers on a whim .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my advice for future purchases is do not buy something online because it will not look anything like the picture shown . i hate to give them 1 star but i was not satisfied what so ever with the purchase i had made . i also upgraded the bouquet $ 10 hoping they would add more flowers . instead i got more greens and less flowers . i paid $ 80 total for something totally different than what i picked online with less flowers . picture posted to give you an idea .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "plenty of actual competent and professional florists . my experience here reflected neither : was told delivery was made when it was n't - ok fine . somehow could not contact driver ( yeah right ) to see about the delay . they lied saying the building security wo n't let deliveries up ( they do ) . girlfriend 's coworker saw the flowers outside on the ground , which i must assume was the reason for the delay . flowers did not include what was discussed ( they fell out ? ) . manager refused to take any responsibility , or just be straight with me , just that she is busy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just received a delivery of flowers from here . the petals are falling off the daisies and the other flowers are half dead . some have brown curling tips . two flowers have no petals at all . it looks at least 5 days old . i tried calling the florist and got a message that the mailbox was full . you may get fresh flowers in the shop but , delivery flowers are old . changing to 4 stars for customer service . i called again and spoke to judy . a new bouquet was send and the old one taken . changing back to one star . the `` new '' bouquet was just as old and will have to be thrown out today . flowers from a florist should last up to a week and sometimes longer if you change the water every day and trim the ends every second day .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we sent flowers to our mom for mother 's day . we ordered them in advance and to be delivered on the friday before mother 's day so she could enjoy them all weekend . it 's mother 's day , the end of the day , and she still has n't received any flowers . the customer service representative was nice but only offered to put in an inquiry in with the florist . their customer service was unable to help me . i have no answers , no flowers , and am down some money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish i looked at yelp before i ordered because i would not have ordered from here . one of my best friends shared a tradition w me that her mom would send her flowers when she started a new job . well her mom past away and when she started a new position i knew i had to keep this going for her ! i selected flowers online that had the color rose of her new company and pink carnations which is the flower of her sorority ( something very important to her and that she is still active w as an alumna ) . neither flower made it into what they sent . i know you may run out of something but you should n't be able to send a totally separate arrangement . to top it off they spelt my name wrong on the card though it is typed out on their website . seriously disappointed", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for the sake of being objective , i will state the facts about my purchase from here . i did not receive my flowers . i also did not receive a refund .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you need to seriously consider updating your google page because it says you are open today from 9-5 ... .and just lost two potential customers as a result . get your act together", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been going to beaumont tire & auto since i moved to champaign about 6 years ago . in that time , i 've bought 3 sets of tires through them and they always match tirerack 's pricing , offer reasonable installation charges , and provide free rotations for the life of the tire . they also did a brake job for me after i called around for estimates and their pricing was very competitive ( may have been the cheapest , if not , within $ 25 or so ) . it can be hard after you 've moved to a new area to find people you can trust to service your vehicle . ryan and his crew have always treated me well and have only recommended additional service parts when it was actually necessary . i always feel like they are taking good care of me and my car . i 've referred several friends and coworkers to them , and they have relayed similar experiences back to me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was the forth place i went to before i decided to have 4 tires replaced as well as an alignment . ryan was very polite and helpful going so far as to speak to my friend on the phone to answer questions . i 'm very pleased with the service and the value of the service i received here . i would highly recommend this business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't trust a lot of auto repair places . i usually feel like they think i do n't know anything and can get me to pay ridiculous prices because `` so many things are wrong '' . i am so happy to have been recommended to beaumont . i pulled in without making an appointment because i was desperate and did n't know what to do ( i needed something fixed asap ) . they were very busy and told me they did n't know if they could get to it that day , but to leave my keys and they would try . by early afternoon , i got a call with great news . what i thought was a major problem ( told to me by another shop ) turned out to be very minor and was so cheap to fix . i think the guy who helped me was ryan . he is so nice and really cares about customers , unlike a lot of places that try to rip you off . this is my go-to repair place now ! so happy i can say that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love a mechanic that gets a minor job done in under 30 min . plus it was so easy they did n't even charge me . super honest and clean work . 10 10 will go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beaumont tire was recommended to me by several coworkers . they definitely offer prompt and courteous service and seem to be very honest and upfront . every time i call i always speak to ryan , and he seems like a really honest and friendly guy . i would definitely recommend this place to others .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was going through town on a road trip , and got a slow leak in one of my tires . i headed over to tires plus , as i 'm from out of town and did n't know any of the local places . after waiting in the lobby for an hour and a half just waiting for a simple patch job , i got frustrated and looked up local places for an alternative . i found the listing for beaumont and gave them a call . they said they could get me right in . i drive over , and they had me out the door with an inexpensive , quality patch job in about fifteen minutes . this is a great place . they did great work , they did it quickly , and they lived up to their promise of getting me back on the road quickly , unlike the first place i tried . i 'm not in champaign often , but would absolutely recommend this place to anyone in my predicament . skip the chains and bring your vehicle here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so glad i found this shop . they 're friendly and honest , have never tried to sell me a product or service i did n't need . i visited the dealership for a recall repair and they tried to talk me into hundreds of dollars worth of additional work . i trusted my gut and went back to beaumont and sure enough , most of that work was n't necessary . they 've saved me money and treat me with respect -- well worth the trip across town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ryan and his staff have been taking care of our service vehicles over the past few years . appreciate that we can bring the trucks in and get serviced quickly and that they give us competitive pricing . they are fair and honest and i do n't have to worry about greeting sold something i do n't need . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ryan and his crew at beaumont are the most honest , fair-priced repair shop in the area . he takes care of all of our cars , and never once have we been screwed ... and everything has always been fixed ... first time , hands down . he does n't try to scare us into other `` questionable issues '' either . we are recommending beaumont to all of our friends and family . hard to find any integrity in the auto repair business these days ... but you will at beaumont !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to beaumont tire & auto for several years now because i just ca n't trust the mechanics in this town , but this entire shop is full of honest , hardworking people . the head guy , ryan , will get you what you need and he will get it done right . he 's always honest about whether or not you actually need something done on your car . i 'm incredibly sad to leave behind this hidden gem as i 'm moving away for a job , but if there 's anything i could take with me , it 'd be this place . these guys are all great . the day i was supposed to move , i loaded up my boxes into my car to discover i had a flat tire . i quickly put on my spare and rushed down to beaumont . not only were they willing to take me as a walk in , they replaced my dead tire and got me back on the road in less than 30 minutes for just over $ 50 . that kind of care and attention deserves some recognition .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recommended by family , they get 5 stars because they fixed , what the dealer tried to fix x3.. jeep 2001 v8 ... .prompt svc and honest.. will be back for major issue as needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've taken my car to beaumont several times over the last two years . most recently , we 've had a problem with it starting in the cold . ryan did n't charge us when he could n't find the problem , and this winter , he 's worked hard to figure out the weird problem our car is having . beaumont is an honest , helpful , and straight-forward shop . we 've also had oil changes , tires put on , and other minor maintenance done there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow - had a slow leak on a long trip . stopped in and explained we had 6hrs left and they took out tire plugged it and had the car back to us in under 20min ! ! less then $ 20 to get me and my family back on the road . friendly courteous and quick ! ! our baby had gotten dirty on the floor of waiting room so the serviceman volunteered to show us the bathroom to wash her off all while apologizing the floor was dirty ( not really his problem at a repair shop ) . awesome ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called to have them put some tires on from tirerack.com . they told me exactly what to do and put the tires on the same day they arrived ( a friday mind you ) . completely fair pricing and super friendly service ! if anything happens to my car , i 'll be bringing it back here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there are n't that many good places to eat in sky harbor ... mainly bland chains or local restaurants trying to do their best impression of their original location but falling far from the same . this matt 's is definitely not as good as the original in downtown phoenix , but when you have no choice and need a good breakfast before your flight , stopping here is a fairly good choice . my wife and i ordered the hog and chick . the meat was savory and the egg was adequately seasoned . i loved how the bacon was a little more wet chewy than dry crispy , as i tend to dislike the latter . i did n't get a chance to try their signature pancakes this time but they did n't look that bad either .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is decent , not amazing . i left early in the morning for la , we could n't land because of fog and returned to phoenix . i noticed this place in the airport and was curious to give it a try . the place was packed and i got a seat at the bar . i ordered a bloody mary and a burrito . i recommend the bloody mary more than the burrito . the drink was delicious , but the food was only ok and the potatoes were n't fully cooked .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i hit a lot of airports in a year and this is by far the best breakfast available . most airport food is like hospital food . frozen , bland and warmed over . this morning i ordered hog & chick with a side of patty sausage . everything is hot , fresh and made to order . eggs over easy , thick bacon , sausage patty , country potatoes and wheat toast . oh , the service ? fast and friendly and they make sure everything is good . most important , they kept my coffee hot ! i 'll definitely come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for breakfast at any time of the day , look no further . you will be filled up and be leaving satisfied as the portions are indeed as the name indicates : big . the quality of the food was perfect . absolutely no issues and everything was cooked to order . the service was amazing . if you have a chance , ask for emily `` monster . '' she was the most hospitable waitress and had everything to the table promptly and had a smile on her face the entire time . you absolutely should eat here if you 're at the airport and looking for a quality meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "open early for breakfast . ordered steak and eggs . medium well came out bloody and blood on eggs . server noticed it when he got to table and asked if it was ok ? was not . he took back and made a comment `` our cook is really bad '' . after overcooking steak brought back to me with cold eggs still covered in blood . not my best experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been looking forward to trying matt 's for a while , and finally had an excuse to grab a sonrisa burrito on a quick layover in phoenix . oh well . service was somewhat slow - it was after 8pm and one person was working the register and running orders , as far as i could tell , so she would disappear for a few minutes at a time . the burrito ? big soft flour tortilla . i got sausage , and the sausage was okay , nothing special . the eggs were dry and scant , and the potatoes needed to be in smaller chunks . flavor was just missing , and the salsa was unimpressive . overall , i 'm glad i tried it , because now i know not to bother . it 's probably better if you get a plate with bacon or something baked , judging by the crowds - i just hope that the disappointing burrito was not representative as i like their farm-to-table concept .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty basic airport food . i was expecting a little better based on the look and design of the place . i got the breakfast burritos and it was cold ( which was surprising because it came out very fast ) , the sausage seemed undercooked and my eggs were a weird grey color .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "why hello hashbrowns smothered in rosemary ! stopped by here for a quick bite before my connecting flight and i literally fell in love with the potatoes . the coffee was strong and good but they do n't offer cream and this girl likes fat in her coffee so thumbs down to that . come for the food , not a service filled experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bad service . bought the food from the cashier . thought i can sit down to eat . but it 's a to go order so they said no you ca n't sit down to eat even though the restaurant is empty . sub-standard service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "easy 5 stars from me . i travel for work a lot and all my am trips start at matt 's . the food is fantastic and comes out fast . both the steak and eggs and the belgian waffle are top notch . bacon bloody mary is best ever in my book , too . i 've been to every major airport in the us and phx is my fave . so much good food here . sucks that you have to have a ticket to get in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great , great spot to wait for your plane if you 're in terminal 4 . when i went to phoenix ages ago ( and ate carbs with no abandon ) , this was my favorite place in phoenix ! now that i do n't enjoy the pancakes or the hash browns , i am still glad to post up at matt 's , enjoy some of their delicious peppered bacon , grab a drink ( or a few ) , have great service , and listen to good music while sitting in an airport . thanks matt 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not sure what 's going on in the kitchen , but it should n't take over an hour to make `` scratch belgian waffles '' . then i spectate other people wait in line , ordered their food , eat their food , and walk off while i 'm still waiting for my order to go .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here and just ordered a drink , but the service was so quick and friendly . the staff was very helpful , and all of the people around me who ordered food - it looked delicious . it 's hard to find good airport food , but this place uses fresh ingredients and actually seems to care instead of the usual apathetic fare . the lady next to me was being really difficult and making a custom sandwich , and the bartender was so accommodating . next time i am in terminal 4 gate b i will definitely come back here ! my only complaint is i wish they were open longer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first of all , they charge $ 12 for maker 's mark on the rocks . i asked for a double and barely got what would be a single pour in any respectable bar in stl . then after questioning the pour , the server tried to convince me they overpoured the drink . after that i ordered a blt . clearly they did n't explain the b in blt stood for bread . the description in the menu said bacon , lettuce and tomato . clearly the person in charge of doling out the bacon just got finished pouring the double shots of maker 's mark . they told us we were getting , and they actually got excited about this , freshly made kettle chips . if they did n't open a bag of walmart kettle chips and pour them on the plate , then i 've clearly never had authentically made kettle chips . the portions are a joke , the prices are high and the servers are n't very personable or accommodating .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was looking for a place to eat in the airport and even though this place only has 3.5 stars overall i decided to give it a chance . i ordered everything ala carte because there was no combo that actually matched what i wanted . i had two eggs , a pancake , and homefries . everything was delicious . the pancake was nice and thin and barely needed syrup or butter . the homefries were amazing and the eggs cooked perfect . total came out to around $ 14 incl . tip which is n't too bad . i would go back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this absolutely the best and most reasonable airport food around ! ! had the omelet with mushrooms , peppers and bacon - done to perfection ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you had me at bacon bloody mary . with it 's rimmed bacon salt , stuffed olives , cheese , and its penultimate bacon , i was surprised how effective this airport spot was . could go without the pickle , but that 's my preference . i do n't write too much for airport eateries , but this one in phoenix has reason to return between flights .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst airport food ever ! cancelled my salad because there was a roach running across the bar . i got my margarita and there was something floating in it ! i would n't complain about the glass being dirty and just send it back but that was one to many for me", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife and i had an awful 13 hour lay over in phoenix . we arrived around 8 pm and our flight was n't until 10 am the next morning . the original plan was to eat a good dinner and try to fall asleep ... unfortunately our plan did n't work out . we did n't get our bags until about 845 and all the restaurants were closed , so we scarfed down a pizza . around 2 am i was searching on yelp for some good breakfast . i got the steak and eggs and it was cooked to perfection . most steak and eggs are overly cooked but this steak was juicy . my wife got a waffle with bacon . the waffle was so fluffy and had just about enough sweetness . the bacon here is also amazing . never had bacon like this before . it was a thicker cut and seasoned with pepper . she also got a mimosa and i got a bloody mary . both were really good . thanks matt 's big breakfast for making this long lay over enjoyable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "matt 's infinitesimal breakfast is pricey . i was not very hungry so i thought i would order an egg and a little sausage with my drink . what arrived was a tiny little patty of sausage that brought to mind that `` where 's the beef '' commercial from the 80s . the egg was fine and the service reasonable or this would be 1 star . i feel cheated .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best airport food in the world ! ! they use consciously sourced ingredients like free range meats and eggs . amazing comfort food . better than home-cooked meals ! not just breakfast..they have lunch and dinner items too . if you have some time at phoenix airport , this is the only place to eat in my opinion .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok you are in a hurry so you do n't have time to sit down and eat . but hey there is a takeaway section yay ! but wait if you think it is faster be warned the woman working at this counter is super slow . no urgency at all and complaining about how busy it is . coffee that is mad goes to the waitresses slowing things down further . i love matt 's big breakfast and if you do too . get to the airport early and skip the takeaway . a", "score": "2"}
{"review": "yum ! great breakfast and service -- in an airport ? ! so so good ! french toast , sausage , eggs over medium ; even their ice tea with fruit infusion is fantastic . sat at counter : served politely and efficiently . excellent experience ! matt 's and sky harbor airport are recognizing phoenix and arizona well . makin ' this home girl proud ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my server ( miguel ) was super awesome , right on point with everything , quick , friendly , and attentive . i ordered a fancy salad . the plate arrived greasy which was weird because a salad with chicken should n't be greasy . the manager came out and apologized immediately . they built another fresh salad . while it was n't a perfect experience , the staff made up for it in friendliness and caring .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best airport meal ever . very fresh and flavorful , and reasonably priced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice surprise for airport food . had breakfast with a few people and everything was very good . food was hot freshly made and tasty . fast service and even though there was a line to get in it moved fast . staff was friendly and hustled to get you on your way . if you in the airport and hungry i . would recommend you try it . i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible . really only wanted a bite and cocktail waiting on delayed flight . how hard is no butter on toast ? sent it back 3x and it was never returned correctly . this was a side no less . one scrambled egg and dry rye fiasco . if that was n't enough , she swooped my drink away with 2 sips left .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've always had a great experience with the location on phoenix , but i have not enjoyed my visit to this location once . the first time i got a breakfast burrito , and while it was good , there were so many jalape\u00f1os on it i almost got sick . the second time i ordered a burrito with no jalape\u00f1os , but they were still included on my burrito . the service at the to go counter is n't great , if you 're going to eat here take the time to sit down for a meal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "friendly staff . great drinks . delicious salsa . and most importantly the exquisite ice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "matt 's biggest breakfast ! first time flying out of this terminal , decided to belly up to the bar here at matt 's . the gentleman beside me had three plates of food in front on him , each looked better than the burrito i was contemplating on the menu . i asked what he was having and learned it was `` matt 's biggest breakfast '' . i 'll have that ! a pile of scrambled real eggs , a huge pancake , fried potatoes , two sausage patties , two really thick slices of bacon with peppered edges , and i added toast . oh my , that was n't only the best airport breakfast i 've had , but may have been the best breakfast i 've had in phoenix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had breakfast prior to my flight . this location not as good as original in downtown phoenix . matt needs to oversee more .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "could not be better in any way ! service was very fast and the food is amazing . the bacon was very thick and fresh , potatoes were perfect and had some fresh rosemary in them . this is the best toast i have ever had , nice and thick with a nice homemade jam . i hope i 'm at the b gates on terminal 4 again soon to get a meal here ! so good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "charge your phone , drink your beer , and have an epic burrito.. what more could you really want ? we did n't get them but the server told us how amazing the waffles are , definitely on our list for the next time we come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "color me shocked . i did n't have high expectations for a place in an airport , now i feel like airports are going to be held to a whole new standard . i opted for a bloody mary - which hands down is one of the best i have ever had . a small meal in itself . i also went for an omelette with a side of potatoes . those potatoes , so delicious . well seasoned with rosemary , crispy on the outside , and perfectly soft on the inside . paul was an amazing bartender . hope my flights are all out of this terminal whenever i am in az !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered grilled chicken sandwich with avocado and fries for takeaway . cashier seem to does n't care for the customer , she did n't provide napkin in the bag , did n't care to offer for ketchup or anything else . when i asked her about after i opened the box , her response was very casual and did n't care about customer experience . food quality is medium but the experience is very poor .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good place , real friendly ... good food and drink . not sure how these folks hold down an airport restaurant though . 10+ min to find a waitress or bartender to order , 10+ min to find someone to pay . if you 're in a hurry ( as ppl at the airport generally are ) , consider another option .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "amazing bacon . simply superb and unexpected for an airport terminal . phenomenal . great price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered a cheese omelet to go . after 35 min . went to counter to inquire how much longer . cashiers came back saying she did n't know what happened to order . i requested a refund as i was going to be late for flight . manager showed up 8 minutes later , to inform me she had to issue refund through my e-mail . no apology was given and still have not received a refund !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered the cheese omelette and added bacon and onions . it came with potatoes and toast . maybe just my taste buds but despite the reviews i read , the rosemary seasoning is overwhelming and the potatoes seem undercooked . looking at empty plates as i left , i see lots of uneaten potatoes so i suggest the chef rethink their recipe . valentin was my server and he was good and the speed of service was good . the toast is about 1 2 inch thick and more like a dessert ; again not my cup of tea but whatever . crossing this place off my airport stops ; will stand in line at wendy 's next time . sorry ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've made this mistake twice . first time , it was a rude waiter that rubbed me the wrong way . second time ... 25 minutes for an order of oatmeal . the take away counter is chaos . the person working there can not both take orders and serve food . there 's too many people . chaotic .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fast friendly service . thanks alexa ! food was delicious . loved the handmade sausage patties.and rosemary potatoes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid portions , very flavorful , quick and great service ! conveniently located and good atmosphere with full bar .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time checking it out . service was friendly and quick.. wish i could have given more stars but the food was n't much to write home about . i did n't have time to alert my server of my disappointment as i needed a quick bite . was able to pick apart bits i wanted . i paid extra for sausage , and mushrooms ... come to find out , mushrooms are from can ? ? why ? never seen so much grease and water pool up on an omlet . best part was the side of sourdough bread !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i expected the typical airport burrito - big price , small portion . i was glad to be wrong . while the first half was mostly potato , the second half made up for it with egg , cheese , and sausage . only regret- not getting the salsa .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "10 minute wait for a table . there were 2 of us . they would n't separate the 4 top for us and the couple right behind us . wait , a table for 4 finally arrived . no wait , their table was ready . no waffles ( or any sweet & savory ) and no mushrooms . antone , who originally took our name , was a pleasure . the gal he was working with ( no name tag ) actually was yawning while talking to us . might be a little thing but not a good first impression . we waited 24 minutes for our food and i had to send my pancakes back because they were burned on the bottom . my husband 's breakfast burrito was mediocre at best ( his words ) it was a sunday morning at 9am .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "no wait to sit at the counter what a mistake . worst service i ever had . no set no acknowledging i was there ask for coffee twice . no silverware . never got a refill . order came out cold just a horrible service experience . and the restaurant was only two thirds full . if you need to be ignored and eat overpriced even by airport standards cold food . served by staff that should not be dealing with the public then eat here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i almost like this better than the downtown location just based on size alone . but both locations tend to execute quickly and provide tasty food . they also have the best bacon , most deliciously seasoned potatoes , and garagantuously trimmed $ 14 bacon bloody mary 's ( for airport food , i 'll take it ) . their sourdough toast with housemade jam is also not to be missed . worth the treck to the b gates if you have the time before takeoff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was good , phenomenal if you consider the fact it 's airport food , and the service was quick , i had mine 10 minutes after i sat down . toni was very attentive and made sure i had everything i needed when i wanted it . the quality is not quite on par with the downtown location , but it is defiantly above the rest for phx .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service is always horrible . the 2 stars are for the food . there are restaurant with better service and food in sky harbor if you do n't have a lot of time pass this one by !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food is very good but the wait is long at certain times of the day . still worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty good . better than most other airport food place . i had cheese omelet w all the add ons . makes it a $ 13.99 omelette but was pretty good . onions were a little mushy but not bad . i would recommend this place . almost worth 5 stars", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best breakfast ever . matts never lets me down . amazing pork chop breakfast . perfectly prepared . great 1 inch thick sourdough toast . fresh squeezed oj . nice people . great bar . great surprise at a major airport !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst service ever ! ! the cashier stephanie at the to-go spot was terrible and super rude ! i get you are busy but rolling your eyes at someone is completely uncalled for !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nothing special about the oatmeal . service was decent but felt rushed- which is fine- i get it- we 're at an airport ... .but then when i did want to leave i could n't get my card run until i stood up to leave . but worst of all : the coffee was horrible ! guys , this is a breakfast restraint and you ca n't make a half way decent cup of strong coffee ? i 've had water that had more flavor ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have to give it four stars because there is nothing else like it at the airport . very , very trendy . good service . reasonable prices . delish food . i had the traditional egg , etc breakfast and the only thing traditional were the eggs . toast was presented in a fun way and tasted great . definitely high quality bacon but maybe too much pepper on the edge . orange juice tasted freshly squeezed . potatoes were yummy . next time i 'm going to try one of the waffles . this part might surprise you ... i was n't departing or waiting ... i just landed at 9pm and saw it on the way to exiting the airport and knew that it was going to be a better meal than fast food on the way home . go matt .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best breakfast i 've had at a airport hands down , good size portions and very good . had ham and cheese omelet with fried potatoes and they actually had seasoning fried with them and onions was good stuff , price was very fair for a airport", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the hours posted here are incorrect , they were open at 9pm when i got to the airport . i just had one of the best breakfast burritos of my life here ! asked for well done bacon and it was perfectly cooked and so thick , jalape\u00f1os were a great addition too ! the man working at the counter was super friendly and the prices are very reasonable for such delicious airport food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best bartender ever , anywhere ! we arrived in phoenix in the morning , but my body thought it was lunchtime . matt 's was not serving lunch yet , but the bartender said we were welcome to order burgers from next door and bring them over . he set us up with place settings and drinks and we were happy campers . one does not expect customer service like this at an airport restaurant - the bartender ( geez , i wish i could remember his name ) was exemplary . it was so much fun to watch him work - providing great service to all and doing so with a smile on his face and a serious spring in his step . i would eat there again in a heartbeat . everyone around us was happy with their food , and i must add that the bacon bloody mary looked beyond amazing . i will have one the next time ... for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was great ! first time trying out their breakfast food here . i got `` the hog and chick '' and it was fantastic & delicious ! it was so packed when we got there and right when we sat down , it slowed down . service was good even though she needed to smile more lol but it 's fine . the food came at the expected time which is great . i liked it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "busy place ! delicious fresh squeezed orange juice . i probably could have just ordered a gallon for breakfast . service varied - some people were great but a few that seemed like they did n't care . pancakes a little dry .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "2nd time eating here for breakfast . really like this place . service is great & solid , fresh food that 's made to order . perfect for when you have to spend a morning at the airport .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are looking for a tasty bloody on your way out of town for vacation or a egg white & spinach omelet before heading off for a business trip , this place wo n't disappoint .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i will go 3 stars instead of 2 because it is in an airport . i sat down and was greeted by an unhappy , unhelpful bartender . i ordered food right away . after 25 minutes i asked her very politely to check on my food , as i had a plane to catch . she snapped back that the kitchen got busy . i told her i was not upset , i just had to get going . she went on to snap back that everything is made fresh so it takes time . i got a medium rare burger . should n't take 25 minutes in an airport . when i did get my burger it was less than mediocre . i love burgers , it is hard for me to be unhappy with one , especially when it is supposedly cooled in butter . meh . i normally fly out of concourse a , i wss really excited to be in b to try this place . next time , i will take a walk to another concourse . i wo n't be back here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great vibe , huge portions . twilight , my server , was professional and really fun . i had the cheese omlet and could n't finish it was so huge . recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my second time here today and this place is really exactly what you want in an airport eatery- quick service with a smile . sat at the bar both times and the bartenders have been attentive and welcoming . settled on the omelet last time and this time i went for the burrito sans the jalape\u00f1os ... since i can be a wimp about that . it comes out looking delicious and tasting the same . it took only 8 minutes for my food to come out too- which is pretty awesome if you ask me . i walk over here from the a gates because i prefer this breakfast to others- it is this specialty after all . check then out if uou 're here in the am .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the waffles which came with a side of bacom strips . the waffle was good and fluffy but the bacon was burned to a crisp . it was dry , overcooked . the service was pretty bad . the waitress was nice though unattentive . i noticed this with the others there as well . and the music ? terrible !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "atmosphere was welcoming and food was good . but the servers dress was inappropriate for a breakfast place if i wanted to see that much skin i would have gone to hooters at least there they do n't look like they just got out of bed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is great ! ! ! ! ! ! great food , fast service and fresh food . if i 'm ever in the phoenix airport again i 'll be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we spent the night in the terminal between flights and saw matt 's . it looked like a good place for a real breakfast so we were looking forward to it . the wiat satff was very good . i think our waitress was named maura or something similar . and the table near us enjoyed a lively , funny chat with their waiter . the bacon was great -- it seems to be one of their trademarks . my belgian waffle was good , just what i wanted , but nothing spectacular . my wife had french toast and was disappointed . it seemed like it had just been passed through the egg soaker and was n't nearly rich or eggy . tea was hot . service was quick and attentive . price was fine .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "overall the experience was great ! as me and a friend walked in , we were greeted with a smile . the atmosphere felt like we were in mexico and the band playing only added to the experience ! they were very enjoyable to listen to ! the food was tasty , especially the retried beans and guac . i recommend you visit if you 're in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok i am updating it again ! ! ! from 2 to 5 stars ! ! ! love this place and glad that service changed , except for jose ! ! ! ! ! great people and great food ! ! ! love it ! ! ! ! ! highly recommend this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! this place is goooooood . when we got there they said there would be a 40 minute wait , but we were seated within 15 . i can see why they were so busy ! i had the combo with the green corn tamale and chile relleno with a side of flour tortillas . my fianc\u00e9 had the spinach enchiladas . the flour tortillas were being handmade in a corner of the restaurant and omg they were delicious . the chile relleno was super flavorful but the breading was a little thin . the tamale was so good ! it was full of corn and cheese . the spinach enchiladas were different but they were very tasty . they had a red sauce on them and not a ton of cheese , but they were very flavorful . the margarita was very good , not too sweet . our total bill for two entrees , a margarita and a beer was 29 and change . they also had a mariachi band playing which was fun . love this place so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our server , mike , made an excellent recommendation , and i highly recommend 'carne machaca dinner ' which is served with their home made flour tortillas - outstanding ! we nearly licked the plate after finishing the flan ; some of the best ever . friendly service , welcoming atmosphere . family-friendly too . we 'll be back , and hope to take advantage of their happy hour specials !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "second time visiting this location and they have sold me for life . amazing customer service and delicious food . the 99 cent margaritas on monday do n't hurt either ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great drinks ( get the strawberry margarita ! ) and delicious food ! the bathroom was disgusting though and the parking lot is kind of hard to get to ... otherwise , it was a nice dinner spot ! our waitress bartender was sweet , too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "arrived about an hour and half before closing on a saturday night . they had already put chairs up and mopping the floors . another group had come in about the same time as we did . seems like they were going to close early , however they decided to seat us . the food was good no complaints as was the service . salsa and chips awesome . if you area in the area it is worth the stop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice mexican restaurant . we went for marguerita monday for $ 1 rita 's . off menu is a pork carnita plate that is super . i ordered the chili rellano and green tamale . the tamale was overly sweet and the rellano was just okay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this used to be our favorite mexican restaurant in surprise but the last three times we ate here it was awful . we kept going back hoping it was a fluke but unfortunately it was n't . shredded beef tacos were terrible . the meat was a weird mushy texture and no flavor at all . i doused them in salt to get some flavor . beans were dry and over cooked . chips tasted old and stale . the salsa is different from when we first started going there . i could go on and on but really it was terrible . not getting my money anymore .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been going here 10 years plus we always have great food and service 2 locations surprise and el mirage el mirage is the best old school mexican and always spot on", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered their speciality borritio , el rico . it was a absolutely amazing ! i would definitely go there again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you know how you go to a place for the first time and its totally awesome.. then you go back sometime later and the experience is not as good then the first.. thats rio mirage in el mirage , az . the first time we stopped in this place was awesome ! they had the yummiest rice and beans.. as well as very good chimi 's enchiladas etc.. but since the first time we 've been there it just has n't been as good.. the rice dry and greasy.. the beans , run of the mill.. food being burnt and greasy , greasy , greasy.. spotty service and in my opinion sub par ingredients make this place now an avoid.. what a shame too since they had so much going for them . very disappointing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best mexican food we 've found near surprise , az . i like their sunday brunch but i love that they have mariachi on fridays ! so even if i can cook some of their dishes with more flavor , i will come for the mariachi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent margaritas , the food was fantastic and we thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere ! a true gem and we are definitely coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only came in to pick up some of their homemade tortillas . one word , meal . i could eat an entire dozen just for dinner . add a margarita and i 'm done . got ta try those tortillas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice atmosphere and very good food . busy on mondays . parking is tight but worth a short walk . authentic mexican . will go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . the food is awesome and the service is fantastic . jj and ramone are my 2 favorite servers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this cafe is in my neighborhood of el mirage . we love it here ... .the food , margaritas , especially the coyote margarita with jalapenos , the service and strolling mariachi band , the decor and ambiance . you are greeted like an old friend and valued as a customer . the manager walks around and asks if you are happy . if you want hot and spicy , ask for it otherwise , the food is generally on the mild side . what is superb about this place is that locals , others and snowbirds flock here like an oasis in the desert . also , patio dining is romantic if you choose outside . it is always crowded , busy and great positive energy ! do n't miss this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a mixed crowd from surprise & sun city . crowded but quick , efficient service . everybody loved their food ... guacamole was fresh and very good . the chicken & spinach enchiladas were yummy ! ! ! ! i would definitely come back if in the area and might even drive from the other side of town for the incredibly delicious specialty watermelon margarita drink ( ca n't remember what it was called ) . i think the guac and the enchiladas were described as `` spicy '' - i did ask the server about it as i 'm a whimp and neither were spicy ... so not sure if he adjusted or if you should order extra spicy if that 's how you prefer it . parking lot is tiny and you have to back out if it 's full ... unless you can see that there is a spot , i 'd just park along the street railroad tracks . charming patio ... wish this was in my neighborhood ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks to yelp we ventured into this neighbourhood for a mexican meal . first a note on the neighbourhood . it is beside the tracks and away from the sanitized neighbourhoods of sun city . some individuals may not be comfortable and should consider a noon meal . for those more comfortable with world travel , this should be in the top of their list . walking in immediately brought me back to a mexicaleri in merida , mexico . the bright colours , painted walls and multiple rooms are typical mexican . the staff match the decor and know their stuff in regards to making suggestions and attentively keep diners happy . the food was amazing . all of the usual dishes are in the menu . the flavours are fabulous . the balance of chilli , cilantro and cumin was perfect . this would be a regular for me if i lived in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been going to rio mirage cafe for many years , since before we were even surprise residents , and 9 times out of 10 , we have had a great experience . the food has always been hot and yummy . never had a complaint about the food . good margaritas , great value , not too expensive but not the cheapest mexican food out there . the customer service is almost always on point . we have had a few servers that were n't so friendly ( end of night , not busy , but seemed bothered by us ) but most of the time , they are friendly and helpful . i highly recommend rio mirage , give them a try , and do n't forget to order a margarita .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "below average food . was served cold tamales . they reheated it and served it again . should have made a whole new order . rice was hard & crispy . seemed left over from previous day .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "gross food . not authentic mexican food at all . i did n't like it one bit . to each her own though .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we stopped by the day before cinco de mayo to get our fix and we were pleasantly surprised at what this place had to offer . the pitcher of margaritas hit the spot . my daughter loved her kids meal . the only reason i ca n't give it five stars is that we had to wait forever for the check .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only have one warning about this restaurant . the food is so amazing that you can not eat mexican food anywhere else . my wife had the shrimp fajitas which huge shrimp and were cooked perfectly . i had chicken and beef enchiladas which had homemade corn tortillas and the most tender meat i had ever tasted . pair it up with the margarita special and i was a happy camper . i will be a customer for life here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was great but the server took quite some time and they were out of more than a few items as far as drinks go . shocking considering it was mother 's day and cinco de may weekend . regardless , a decent place if you do n't mind the wait and the lack of some waiter complaints . customers should never have to hear about the waiters many struggles .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my absolute favorite mexican restaurant ! they have 2 locations ... 1 at litchfield and bell , and this one in el mirage off grand ave . i like both , but love the grand ave original location . on sundays they have the annoying mariachi man thou . ; lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here with my boyfriend , we have been looking for a good mexican restaurant on this side of town . as you know , there are n't many . this place hit it out of the park . walking in it is clean , bright and inviting . the staff is friendly and non intrusive . beverages were filled and chips and salsa were flowing . the chips are those thin , light freshly fried kind that no one makes anymore . the salsa was fresh , not too spicy , a little heavy on the tomato . i like a little more onion and garlic in mine . that did n't slow me down from emptying 3 bowls of it ! i had the mahi-mahi tacos with fresh slaw and pineapple relish . the fish was moist and flavorful and the corn tortillas were almost buttery . margaritas are delightful !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a surprise it was finding this place . amazing tortillas made fresh as you order . not often do i give five stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been here a couple of times and every single time it is amazing ! ! the food is hot , fresh , and always tastes delicious ! ! the service is great too . even if we come in close to closing they always have a smile on their face like they were waiting all day for us we will keep coming back . amazing ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and great service . i accidently came upon this while starving for lunch . what a find . very nice , helpful and friendly staff . lots of menu selection and very good food . just wish they had chile verde on the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just left the sunday buffet at the `` rio '' and had a great meal ! i was able to meet the alda today who is the resturant manager and we discussed a small issue i noticed at the buffet today . i have to say that she has done an excellent job since we first discovered the `` rio '' about 6-8 months ago . i wish her and the `` familia '' the best for thier two resturant locations ! - daniel - ; - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's ok . the wait staff was really really slow . the food was good but greasy . it 's location is hard to find .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my parents and i are visiting my grandpa who lives in the area . yelpers said this was the mexican place to go ! so glad we did ! the previous reviews did not lie . we arrived around 6 and the place was packed ! they were understaffed tonight so the wait was longer than usual . no big deal . the food was awesome . huge portions . plenty of choices . reasonable prices . the margaritas were good as well . they could have been a little stronger , but that 's okay given that we were driving . i hope my grandpa comes back because we certainly would if we lived in the area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant struck us all as a solid 4 star establishment . the four adults had different dishes from a combination plate to the burrito de fajita to different dinner plates . each was very good and all came with the rice and beans . we pretty much give thumbs up or down based on the rice and beans and these were some of the best any of us have sampled and we all hail originally from ca where they flow freely . the manager runs a taught ship and the service reflects his hand . everyone is very professional providing just the right amount of attention . the ambiance of the restaurant is very nice , homey and comfortable . we 'll definitely return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! great mexican food , authentic mariachi band and awesome margis ... . what 's not to like ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and my husband are new to town hes a very picky eater lol we read other reviews and decided to try it . the food is amazing the drinks are delicious and the over all look of the place was nice n authentic the service was outstanding great staff very nice people and a very clean environment . we will be back soon we loved it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! the food is great and feels like your eating authentic mexican food not like chipotle ! i prefer the el mirage location over the surprise location because of its authenticy and the fact that its the original ! if you go try the el rico burrito in beef or chicken , or half and half you wo n't be disappointed ! only drawback is it that during our cooler arizona months its packed with snowbirds !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food , authentic atmosphere , friendly staff : this place has it all . probably about 12 different margaritas varieties , i simply can not express how much i enjoyed this restaurant . we just moved here from california ( my gf and i ) and i have found my new mexican place ! ; - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious . we arrived at 5:00 on a wednesday and it was packed . they were out of the yummy looking drinks they advertised and it took awhile to get served but the chips are hot and fresh and once we ordered , it was fast . the food was yummy and the mango margarita was delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have been to this restaurant on four separate occasions . we are three out of four . on this last visit the food was not very hot , so we returned our meal . the food returned hot , hot lettuce , hot tomatoes , pretty half ass .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "loved everything . the salsa , the beans , the service , the ambiance , the food , the portions . i tend to be a bit picky about mexican food . the parking lot was packed when we arrived at 8 pm and it 's an odd location . i finally found a restaurant i 'll go back to time and again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! the staff is super friendly and the food is delicious ! you can get three sizes of margaritas ( if that 's your thing ) , sometimes for half off or for $ 1 . my parents , boyfriend , and i went after a day out in the sun at the botanical gardens and shared a plate of nachos supreme along with a few beers . yummy ! ! for $ 11 the nachos were more than enough for the four of us . i like how they put enchilada sauce on them . they were very accommodating putting the meat on the side and adding beans on top instead . our waiter was really nice and made sure we had everything we needed . the front of the restaurant smelled a bit strong of cleaning products , but hey , at least i knew it was clean : ) oh , and if you want to sit on the patio , be ready to listen to the train that passes right by the place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brunch food is cold , did n't get drinks refilled once . but the homemade tortillas are soooo good ! ! ! as are the churros ... not having drink specials for brunch probably wo n't bei g me back to this place ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i always go to this location and i love it ! food is always good , atmosphere is great and staff is friendly . it can be very loud on friday nights because of the mariachi band that plays but it adds to the atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok so there prices have gone through the roof ! we had 2 orders fajitas beef an chicken 2 sodas ... .that 's all bill was $ 40.00 left $ 6.00 tip , service was good ... .alot of onions not alot of meat ... .plate did n't even sizzle when brought to table ... was not $ 40.00 dollar good ... epically at lunch time", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was back here a couple of days ago with my family . and although i remember the food being a lot better than this time around . i was kind of disappointed . the service was okay since i had no jose this time . nothing to mention here just refills chips salsa and beverages when you need and food when it 's ready . this waitress was just doing her job . and i guess that 's fine for a lot of people but not for me remembering how this place used to be . at no time did the waitress hostess or owner manager came by our table to ask us how our food was . this magical mexican cantina has lost it 's magic", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we have been here a few times . the first few times the food and service were fine . this last time thursday evening the food and service were awful . the waiter came to take our drink order . he was not able or willing to answer any questions and was openly inpatient . i got a giant margarita that was very good . the reason for the two stars . we both ordered beef fajitas . the meat was tough and tasteless . we were very disappointed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the best mexican food i have ever eaten ! everything was fresh and so tasty ! the service was great too ! i just moved to arizona a couple of months ago and this restaurant is by far in the top 5 of my new favorite places to eat . i practically cleaned my plate . i ordered the cheese crisps for the appetizer . so yummy ! i also got the enchiladas del mar and it was so flavorful ! i would highly recommend this place . i know you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is totally about the food . it is fantastic . we went on a monday , first time there , and did n't know it was margarita monday so it was a madhouse . 99 cent margaritas with food purchase . the server was very non-talkative , rushed and busy and kind of left us there to find our check at the end of the meal , but the food was hot and really good so we were happy . i have had mexican food all over the us and i am so picky , and am super happy to find this place . just be prepared to wait a long time on mondays !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me start by saying we have ordered from here many times prior to tonight and never had any issues . until tonight . i always order the burrito de fajitas with chicken . this time , it had 4 pieces of chicken and was filled ... ..i mean filled with onion . not even fresh onion . it tasted like it sat out for two days before it was cooked . i couldnt eat past the first couple of bites . this is ridiculous ! i will not be returning after this experience . you 've lost two customers due to this . i have pictures to add if yelp let 's me ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was so excited to order from this new place so i placed an order to go . service was friendly and i waited for my order . when i got home i found a big 'ol sloppy mess ! $ 18 for a dry tiny piece of tasteless salmon , gross dark chicken parts , globby rice , overcooked katsu with no sauce and they forgot my veggies which came with the order ! sadly did not get what i expected . not coming back : (", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one star cause.i had to choose it . first time here and no stars for this place . service was slow , food was not great at all . miso soup was bland , shrimp tempura tastes like it was frozen and then fried , and very oily . we ordered 4 different kind of sushi and they all had sarachi sauce top ... .gross ! server kept getting plates mixed up at tables . will never come back here . lastly , they served water with lemon already in it . lemons can contaminate the water why would they put it in before serving .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great sushi ! ! my husband and i just ate here for the first time and we got the ayce . what a great price for great food ! ! they have a great varity of rolls and the customer service was awesome ! the sushi chief even came out to our table to ask how we liked everything . the japanese lasagna was the best we have ever had ! ! impressed ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "red ginseng is fabulous sushi . always fresh with beautiful presentation . will come back often", "score": "5"}
{"review": "slow service , waitress overcharged me ( did n't fight it ) , food was so so , would n't recommend it . kind of sad , i was looking forward to another sushi place here in the nw ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "disappointing . walked into a virtually empty restaurant , one other table . waitress wanted to seat us right next to them , we asked for a corner table but she said those were reserved ( not a huge deal but usually reserved tables are noted ? ) started with a bowl of miso soup . it tasted like tap water . next up : garlic tuna : fish was oddly chewy , room temperature , not a lot of flavor . made me wonder if i 'd be getting food poisoning later . philadelphia roll : also bland . so much so that we asked for the rest of our order to go , so that we could simply stop eating without being rude or complaining . waitress seemed a bit under the weather . no one ever came in for that reserved table while we were there . i definitely wo n't go back and would not recommend to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tofu hot pot was delicious ! i love soft tofu in soup ! was eager to eat so i do n't take pic but you got to try it ! ! ! everything we ordered was on point ! ! ! i do n't know why they only get 3 star rating ? ! service was great and the ambiance was welcoming and beautiful . we will return again ! ! happy hour 11am - 3 pm mon thru friday ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ate here at the beginning of march . the atmosphere is quiet and the location is large . we ordered some katsu chicken but it was not done . the tempura udon was less than to be desired . we did order two sushi rolls which were good . i think there are better dining options in centennial hills if you are looking for sushi japanese food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my wife and i decided to try this place a couple weeks ago . what a big mistake on our part . this place is terrible . the older woman who waited on us was very unfriendly and gave me the impression that she did not want to be there waiting on customers . my wife ordered a chicken entree and i ordered a pork dish . both arrived semi warm . there seemed to be a party going on in the kitchen as the music was loud and not customer oriented . the waitress , after serving our dinners , stood against the front wall and did not return to our table until we moitioned for a check . having eaten japanese and korean all over the world i would rate this place as bottom of the bottom . i do n't think this place will last long .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was delighted to discover the new location of narita sushi bar now with the updated name of red ginseng narita sushi & bbq . i had enjoyed eating at their old cheyenne & tenaya location for many years . howard & emo are now in a new location with twice the square feet inside & located in the shopping center just south across the street from centennial hospital . i was not surprised to find that howard continues his tradition of providing the largest size servings of sushi in las vegas with quality product . their new location has added an `` all you can eat '' option plus emo 's korean barbecue . check them out for quality sushi at the best price in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i went there for lunch and it is pretty dark and lonely . we had the special of a miso soup , salad , and four rolls for $ 12.99 which we thought was n't bad . the sushi was good could n't finish my food . service was good they did n't take long and were polite . i have noticed that a lot of sushi places are doing the same special so i 'd rather try a new place then go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went in 7:20pm on friday , only two couples there , plenty of empty tables . the server asked us to wait to be seated . unclear why , as most employees were standing around , some staring at us . left after the server asked us for the third time to `` wait a second '' while something was being done to prepare a table . nope .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we ordered 2 bento boxes here only to find out that the amount of food they give you is enough for 2 people to split one box ! our meals came with two huge rolls , 4 pieces of sashimi , tempura vegetables , soup , and hot tea . great deal for $ 13 ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my mom and i actually found this place accidentally while looking for another sushi restaurant . we figured it was really close to the house , so why not give it a try . we were greeted and we sat at the bar . the lady that sat us ( i think was the owner ) was a bit pushy at first but very attentive . we ordered the tiger , pink roll and samurai . all were great and you can notice that he takes great pride in what he does . the sushi tasted very fresh . my mother ordered the ramen soup . it was good and all the vegetables tasted fresh . the restaurant itself was clean and well kept ( they 've been at this location lil over a year ) . the temperature was 110f today so when we walked in , it was cool and shaded . i will definitely be back . next time i will try the korean bbq .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was really slow . 1 . had to wait almost 10 minutes to get our drinks . 2 . to place an order for an alacarte we still had to write it down as if it was an all you can eat . so instead of placing the order already we had to wait another 10 minutes to get her to pick up our paper . 3 . ordered garlic edamame and it she gave it to us as regulars edamame . 4 . the nigiris was very bland . 5 . not just that , the server forgot the name of one of the role . it was sexy girl and she 's just said sexy something..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is great , my gf was having surgery at centennial hospital and this was across from it . went in and service was friendly with reasonable prices , its a shame i dont live near it . food was delicious sushi was great and fast !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went on a sunday afternoon for ayce during lunch which runs you $ 21.95 for 60min time limit . for appetizers we ordered soft shell crab which had too much tempura batter and no flavor . we also got the vegetable and shrimp tempura . okay so i know tempura is deep fried but i never had tempura that left my fingers saturated in oil before . my husband and i both ordered 4 rolls each , his all coming from the spicy roll list . i got the shrimp lover which was alright , it smelled and tasted really fishy ... i also ordered the lobster roll which was sweet and the jackpot roll which incl their special house sauce ( ponzu sauce ) both which were good . but my absolute favorite is the the lovely honey roll , they use cucumber instead of seaweed with yam yam sauce . i was considering ordering only that for the rest of the meal but wanted to try other things . the atmosphere was nice , the place was pretty dead so our waitress acted as our personal hostess , overall it was okay .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "howard is an awesome sushi chef ! his sashimi & sushi is always top quality and very generous portions . a must try is his hand rolls ! ! the spicy scallop & the salmon skin roll are the best ! i ca n't rate the service because we always get our order to go , but they are always friendly ! i 'm so happy he has moved to the centennial area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in during the hours of lunch for some sushi . i sat down knowing that i was ready for the ayce sushi deal for about $ 22 . i forgot the name of the 6 rolls that i indulged in , but they were all delicious . the service was prompt , and friendly . i will be back for more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sushi is so-so , a bit pricey for so-so sushi . but worst of all this place smells like a dirty dish rag that has been sitting out in the baking sun . the smell is very off putting and ruined our experience . also the service was so-so .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the rolls were really good , they were ok doing half rolls which was nice , and sashimi orders were a good fish to rice ratio ( nothing worse then a skinny piece of fish on a giant mound of rice ) . we 've eaten at almost every ayce sushi place in vegas and while this was n't the best in the valley , it was really good and definitely the best on this side of town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bland ! ! ! the worst rolls i have ever had . no taste at all and the soft shell crab ... eww what was that ? a strip of flour ! and .. did n't know edamame could be bad . will not be back ! ! terrible experience", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the lunch special is awesome ! $ 13.00 for 2 rolls , soup , salad and 4 pieces . not a thousand things to choose from but you ca n't beat $ 12.95 ! the fish tasted fresh and the place was clean which is all good news for me ! good experience and will be coming back for sure", "score": "5"}
{"review": "showed up an hour before they closed for ayce and was told its `` take out only . '' that 's bullcrap . i guess they did n't want anyone to dirty the dishes , that they are too lazy to clean . they should be more clear on when the dinning room closes . never tried to go back . found a better place closer to my house . customer service is crap .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the worst sushi place ive ever been to in my life . taste awful . service was so slow , one waitress , one sushi chef . will never ever go back or recommend this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing sushi great service amazing tempura rolls such a variety delicious mushi ice cream and open late which is great for nights out with friend highly recommend ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i consider myself a sushi fan , not sushi snob mind you . with that said this place was well below what i expect for sushi quality . i did the ayce lunch special . the price was good but the quality ... .not great . i do n't expect top tier sushi at ayce price but nothing was very good . everyone was very nice and maybe i caught them on a off day but i wo n't be back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the sushi here is great ! ! you ca n't beat the price for the amount of sushi . the staff is friendly and attentive , the fish was fresh , and there was a great variety of rolls on the menu . i have already recommended this restaurant to some of my family and they love the sushi here as well . i will be coming back here again for my next sushi craving : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "were to begin ... no one welcome us in , we had to sit ourselves . i ordered the dinner combination chicken bulgogi and shrimp tempera . their was no taste at all ... should 've went to panda next door and prices is way too high .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is great . we have gone there a couple times the service is not the fastest but worth the money . try the lobster roll the place does n't have great atmosphere but the sushi is good", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is good . the have a good deal by 2 rolls and get one free . their rolls are cheap and come with 8 not the usual 4 . try it out for yourself", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best thing i ate here ... ginger ! and it was just regular , not the fresh kind either . thoroughly disappointed w the lackluster bland nigris , heavy handed sauce saturated rolls and the awkward fake friendly service ! think other reviews pointed out their flaws already so i do n't even wan na elaborate . wish they were decent but looks like i 'll continue to look for a good sushi lunch place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food was average , but the wait to get a table or service was not worth the wait . the all-you-can-eat is $ 27 for dinner , and they will charge extra if you leave any food behind . they we 're out of beef and out of half of the sake on the menu . this is a pass , go down the way to sushi loca for a better experience and food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do n't waste your time ! we waited to be seated for 10 min , waited 10 min for a menu without even a hello or welcome , and another 10 min before we left without even our order being taken . a waste of 30 min to be ignored . poor customer service . : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered the kimchi seafood hot pot and it was the most disgusting dish i have ever tasted . it was a bowl of frozen and rotten tasting red mess . there were literally three calamari rings and four tentacles with firm old tofu and rotten tasting kimchi ( rotten not fermented ) . the bowl was full of what they called fishcakes , but it resembled styrofoam popcorn packing material and tasted like gooey dough . the dry white rice was served on a large white plastic plate on the side . i ate a quarter the dish and had to stop because i started having a stomach ache . the one star is for the attentive service by the servers . definitely not coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my go-to sushi place now ! every time we go , the food is fresh and delicious ! i love the shrimp tempura and the jalape\u00f1o bomb . it 's definitely a hidden gem !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally got to stop in on 1 30 after awaiting their opening . nice little place and the korean options on the menu are a nice change of pace from the usual teriyaki options . still had the sushi , but looking forward to going back to try the bulgogi . plus this place seems like a quieter option than some of the other sushi places nearby .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the best place i know for california-type sushi . reasoably priced as well . the dinner all you can eat is around $ 27 . for sushi and other high quality japanese items i think that is very reasobale . the store has a kind of dark feeling to it and the waitress is `` asia friendly '' if you know what i mean . but hey : the food is awesome ! and that is what counts first and foremost .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for the first time with my boyfriend . and we freakin loved it ! i think my fav . roll was the baked salmon roll . but everything was so good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sushi was pretty good , and fresh . they also have oyster shooters which i love ! the menu has alot of options and i like the fact that they dont put too much rice . i wouldve given this place a full 5 star if the service wasnt so slow . overall , i would come back again . looks like their lunch menu is pretty good . btw i love their ice tea . its korean style .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little sushi place . i was there around 3:30 and they let me order off of the lunch menu . for $ 12.95 you get a salad , miso soup , 4 pieces of sashimi , and your choice of two rolls . excellent value and very fresh . i will definitely be back again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum ! ! my husband and i have been here twice and loved each one . small place , friendly staff , varied menu . my husband 's new favorite thing is the jalape\u00f1o roll . i really enjoyed the crab and cheese roll . we also had chicken ramen , cucumber salad ( so good ! ! ! ) , and the miso soup . not a fan of their soup , but everything else was wonderful !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the sushi is really good , but it 's kinda pricy . the customer service is kinda weird too . overall it 's a decent place to go though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came for the lunch special , service was good , food was great . i recommend the bulgogi chicken , also got a spicy tuna roll which was good . need to come back for dinner and give that a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i were on our way to a different restaurant and discovered this new sushi location was open ! yay ! the staff and the food were both great . the one little wish that i have for this place is to someday soon offer an all you can eat price . : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent . having a great lunch with my daughter . service is fast and friendly . owners came to check on the tables . very nice", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as an ayce place , i would say it 's decent but as compared to others when considering price , quality , service as a whole i can think of others in the area that rank higher . that being said , this was my second time here and i had no major complaints . my daughter thought the lemonade was n't too good because it literally was a few lemons squeezed in water and was tart ... .but i kinda liked it . the stuffed tomato was really good . i would like to see more cucumber wrapped items however ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not your hoppin sushi bar but the quality is great . if u want a nice quiet sushi place , this is it . the service was great", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service is a little different than i 'm use to from other sushi bars but once i figured it out i was set . i ordered everything under the sun . my husband and i tried things that we 've never thought would be good but the owner promised themed be good and they were . will be back many more times to comes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their big island roll is delicious ! ! ! i drive 20 minutes out of my way to go get it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum ! another great outing . terrific fish , great sushi , sashimi , and rolls . ca n't wait to get back here . tremendous value for the $ .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have bulging discs in my lower back and this workout does n't usually aggravate them . classes are a combination of cardio and strength . great workout . great location . it 's expensive though and some teachers are definitely better than others . i always appreciate being corrected on my form , which not everyone does .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been going to the body lab for 5 1 2 years . a friend told me about it , and after one class i was hooked . it 's a great workout , and one that continues to be challenging . the workouts increase flexibility , balance , and strengthening while your body is sculpted.the instructors provide variations to the exercises ( modifications ) if you need harder or more gentle versions.killer oblique workout ! you have to attend a few classes to figure out which instructor is right for you . i highly recommend adam , cheryl or joe !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pilates is my favorite workout of all time ! i 've been going for years and the class continues to challenge me . i 've lost weight and gained muscle , along with increased core strength , balance , and flexibility . the instructors are knowledgeable and creative in designing their workouts . i recommend the body lab to everyone i know ! the second location in phoenix is fantastic as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after reading great things about the workout at body lab & seeing that your first class is free , i gave it a try a couple weeks ago . it 's in a great location off hayden in a strip mall with plenty of parking . as you walk in there are cubbies for your things & a small retail area . there are 12 machines total that are spaced out well so you wo n't hit your neighbor . the class is 50 minutes & totally different than anything i 've tried . it 's similar to being on a reformer but with more capabilities - we did rowing moves , lunges , various arm exercises , planks , etc . it 's pretty easy to follow along but not as easy to do everything that the instructor says - but for every move there is a modified move , so this class truly is for anyone & everyone . after my first free class i bought a 10 pack since the workout was great & both the instructors and fellow body labers were so nice . check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the body lab is my new go-to in scottsdale for an incredible work out . the location itself is fantastic . the space is beautifully designed , well-kept , and the machines look and feel brand new . the aesthetics alone will keep you coming back for more . the staff is also among the best i 've ever trained with . i would highly recommend taking a class with danielle -- she takes the time to correct you if need be , will compliment you when appropriate , and maintains a highly energetic class . the workout itself is the best i 've ever had . do not let the name `` pilates '' fool you ... this is one of the most intense workouts you will ever have . the megaformer will kick your butt , but i promise you will love every minute of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not an easy work out , but def worth the sweat . after a few classes , you get the hang of the moves ( even better if you have done some pilates before but not necessary ) i saw changes in my body after going a few times a week for 3 weeks . the trainers instructors are all friendly and helpful . great vibe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i agree with sara g : the body lab 's workouts are generally very back-friendly , as the design of the machines , slow exercise speed , and availability of modifications are conducive to maintaining good form . all the instructors i 've had have been effective and welcoming . if you 're new , try one of emily 's classes . she 's especially good at guiding newcomers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . best workout i 've ever done . i 've never sweated so much for what it felt like doing nothing . it 's all on the megaformer , like a pilates reformer but way more intense . it 's for everyone ; i 've even seen a ( what seems like ) a 10 year old doing it . i 'm bad with ages . the instructors are great and help you along the way if you need help adjusting . they also give you modifications if you need it but try to do a plank on your toes until you ca n't anymore and then go to your knees . put on your favorite tights and grippy socks and get on over there ! and the first class is free ! it can be expensive but it 's well worth it for change in your routine if your a runner or heavy lifter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "revisited the body lab after finding out it was one the only places that offered an spx workout in the area and glad to write an update . worked out on a machine that was n't as badly dented in the padding area as the others . took class with kiki , another great instructor . class was intelligently sequenced and the kind of difficulty i expected . this experience was better and i will certainly be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was looking for a group pilates class . this is similar , but not the same . i think they push too hard here , putting people at risk for injury . if you want a hard core workout , you may like it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was visiting scottsdale and what better way to stay in shape but to do my favorite workout in the megaformer . the big bonus was i even got a free class as that 's their deal for first timers . my 6am class was full and instruction and caliber of serious students was high . great kick your butt workout and i was sore the next day despite having done this workout for the last four years . tip for newbies is to wear gloves . their handlebars are not very padded so i found planking on my hands a bit painful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scott 's classes are hands down the best ! ! the 50 minutes fly right by and the workout is really great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "night market is one of the best festivals in cleveland . i enjoy the asian festival in the spring season for the food vendors and performances . the night market is the yin to that yang . there is plenty of food along with a beer stand . the first event had new age electronic music with strange figures moving around led by a bizarre woman holding a lantern . i felt like i hit a wormhole back to 2003 in kent , oh after eating strange fungus because it did not seem real . the attendance keeps growing with each event . i went to a bar called the alibi inn adjacent to the festival to skip out on the growing line for beer . the alibi is a strip joint so buyer beware . i knew about that before entering . check out the next night market on the last friday of every month during the summer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the easiest way for me to describe this event is it is like the flea but at night . i think it is a really cool idea . the lines were n't bad for food but when i got there around 8:30 some of the places had already closed and others were running out of certain food items . it is still a great event that has been added to the area and i liked seeing so many students out and about in cleveland during the summer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this night market is awesome ! tons of tasty asian dishes , street food , bubble tea , vietnamese iced coffee , sweets , taro and halo halo , shaved ice , asian toys and accessories , music ... .and it 's free admission ! this is a fantastic way to spend a friday night .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food - some really good options - saw a lot of meat on stick and steamed buns . i tried filipino lumpia ( liked the sauces ) and kimchi fries - delicious . drinks - had a passion fruit bubble tea , blueberry lemonade and a hibiscus ginger beer cocktail - all refreshing . one thing i was looking for but could not find -- fried street noodles like i had one late night in shanghai ! could n't find a vendor making noodles . i saw things like pad thai , but not what i wanted . admission is free , parking is $ 8 , but you can also find street parking for free . overall , i recommend for a visit ! it was a fun night , some interesting music , lots of people out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fun stuff with a cross-cultural and ethnic twist . there were a good number of vendors , a good number of food options , a good amount of seating and i loved the live music . only qualm is that starting around 7 , it got so crowded on the narrow little walkway lined by tents , that we were constantly jockeying for position ; people were shoving and complaining and stepping on dogs , and it got a little hectic for us . hopefully there will be more room to move around and enjoy next year ; we 'll likely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you win some . you lose some . i walked into this one expecting it to be an event similar to taste of summer , which was held in the flats a couple months ago . well , you know what they say about high expectations ... the problem here is that i 'm 5'1 and large crowds of people that literally like to just stand still make my blood pressure rise . i ca n't see why you 're standing still , all i know is that you 're not planning on moving and now i 'm stuck behind you . it 's absolutely unnerving . the food was meh . lots of meat on sticks , lots of suspicious bubble teas , lots of steamed buns and noodle rice dishes . but i 'll be honest , the crowd situation turned me off so much that i lost my appetite to even want to search out something desirable . i could n't get out of there soon enough . long story short - if you do n't mind being uncomfortably close to humans you 've never met , you 'll probably enjoy yourself .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "where have you been all my life ! ? this may be my favorite thing to do for the rest of the summer . must have more bahn mi 's and lo mein , do n't forget the bubble tea ! the night market was so much fun and so full of life . we took our double stroller and took our little ones with us , they enjoyed it as much as we did ! you can bring your fur baby as well : ) if you have n't been , you need to check it out . local vendors selling made in cle arts & crafts . local restaurants dishing up delicious fare ! all you do is win win win no matter what when it comes to the night market !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sharper image is better , but when it 's nowhere to be found , brookstone will happily do . this store is full of gadgets . some robotic , some high-tech and others that are just plain strange . but at the very least , everything is still interesting to look at . portable chair massagers that feel like tiny monkey hands are going up and down your back ? check . an exercise chair that you have to straddle like a horse ? check . alarm clocks from the future ? check . oh it 's all there and you 'll find it at pv mall . you know that person on your christmas list that 's super hard to buy for ? you 'll find their gift here for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have all been either dragged to the mall , or been the one who has dragged someone with them . well if you find yourself being dragged to pv mall make an escape to the brookstone store if you can . this store has everything you need to walk out feeling amazing . massage chairs and tools of every kind , which are out and ready to be tested by you ! i think the main idea of this store is items which will make you life more tolerable . do n't pay $ 2.00 for someone to massage you in the mall . trust me just come here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in to look for a protector sleeve for my 17 '' laptop , but they only carry for macbooks . oh well , i wo n't get any support here . but , in all honesty , the guys that work there are as helpful as they can be . very friendly . stop in for a visit ... especially if you 're waiting for your sisters while shopping for shoes lol", "score": "3"}
{"review": "brookstone is the sharper image 's older and more laid back cousin . yea , it 's got a similar feeling , but it 's more focused on keeping you relaxed and healthy than on funky electronic toys . the massaging chairs , pads and other devices are enough motivation to stop in alone . and if you 're with a partner who 's less interested than shopping , it 's a great place for them to just hang out too ! ( trust me - this works . )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here a number of times , mostly because it 's convenient and near friends , additionally they have trivia on tuesday nights and a good taco special . the food is alright ... if you are comparing it to taco bell , however they have reasonable drink prices and a good atmosphere . they also have very good prices comparatively to other mexican joints . it 's a good place to hang and have a beer with some friends , the food though is there ... nothing special , not good , not bad , just bland .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not sure why all the one star reviews , this place has decent `` mexican '' style food . the chili is top notch , no beans , meaty , savory and has great umami features . the california burrito is gooey with cheese , great filling and a delicious sauce . sure , everything is served on paper and you get plastic forks and knives , think of it as good truck food without the truck . good beer selection and specials .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do not come here if you want good food ! ! ! the `` food '' was served on a paper plate being not cooked , but microwaved ( i watched this go on in dirty hole they call a kitchen ) . a 10 year old could have made better food . i do n't remember what i ordered , i think my brain tried to wipe away any recolletion of the experience at jose and tony 's .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible . unfortunately my wife likes their dried out sandwiches , so i have been there multiple times . my take out food tonight was missing one of the 3 components of my combo dish and was accompanied with a brick of crunchy dried out beans and flavorless rice . these were clearly cooked long ago and sitting there waiting to be ordered . i only gave one star because yelp does not allow me to give the zero stars that this place deserves . it would be very difficult to dissatisfy me more .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "jose and tony 's ? my husband reckons there was a misprint on the sign and it should read `` joe 's and tony 's '' . this is terrible mexican food and a drab environment . all of the food tasted like gas station food . the spanish rice tasted like rice that someone just squirted a bunch of ketchup on . there is no natural light in the place . food was served on styrofoam and paper plates . please avoid for the love of food !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "well , here is another once `` great '' restaurant that has thrown away the quality and reduced portion size . ... ..why ? ? ? ? you had a good thing going ? i was always hooked on the california burrito , it had great flavor and great size . now it tasted like a ground up wendies burger with very limited spices . please bring my burrito back !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "man ... i 've been going to this place for a few years and the reviews seem so off base . it 's a dive bar with good food , nothing more nothing less . they have great food specials and food drink prices . give it a shot for what it is . a friendly neighborhood bar with great people and food food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything about terrible trash n over priced that 's this place ! i 'd rather eat out of a fast food dumpster . be cleaner and taste better how is this a business ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awful food and a 30+minute wait for 6 wings . the cheese enchiladas were not even melted and had no flavor . my sons highchair was still filthy after the highschool girl sprayed it down with windex and a dirty rag- i went over it with a wet wipe and it was brown . do n't waste your time or money- totally sub par all the way around !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "glenn is right . unless we were there on the very same `` bad night , '' this restaurant might have more than one . glenn did forget to mention how dark and gross the place is .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped in for a quick lunch and was very disappointed.the bartender was friendly and the service was great but the food was bad.the chips were stale and the salsa looked like wet dog food and it tasted worse than it looked.the tacos really had no taste.as i sat there after i ordered my food and tried to eat it i thought what a mistake coming here.i do n't like to put negative feedback out but it was so bad it was a must.i was also told a new owner took over a few months ago and i 'm not sure that 's correct but either way i will never go back even if the food was free.this place did n't seem very clean either , as i sat at the bar to eat my shirt sleeves stuck to the bar a few times as i reached for my drink or food.i feel bad for the bartender cause he seemed to be a nice guy and he ca n't be doin very well with the product the owners put out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i grew up in this area and the first mexican food i ever ate came from jose and tony 's in the late sixties . i thought it was quite good when i was ten years old . maybe it was , or i was young and did n't know any better . my sweetie and i just moved back into the area and bought a house in dormont . i brought her to my `` favorite '' local mexican food joint only to find that it has gone down the tubes . the food is microwaved right in front of you and served on paper plates . what a shame . i wanted to still like it , i really did . go to mexi casa on west liberty avenue instead . it 's now my favorite local mexican resturant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wish it was better ... how can a business stay open that has worse mexican food than taco bell ... cook was unfriendly . ..food was bland ... margaritas were good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love it . they have a cigarette machine and a gum-ball machine . california burrito is the thing to order . mexican beers cheap . draft beer cheap and tastes good . service is the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jose & tony 's has great mexican and bar food at good prices . the staff is always very responsive and friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "abolute garbage microwaved food . not very clean either . table was not even wiped off . burrito made me feel sick after eating half of it . you have been warned . taco bell is so much better by comparison .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place . yeah , okay , it 's not taco bell . like that is a friggin sin these days . it 's not authentic mexican ... it 's not tex-mex ... this is burgh mex ! and it 's danged good ! it 's a great local bar and burgh mex food place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pricey for what you get , and basically plain old mexican food . nothing special . i recommend mendoza express in carnegie-much better quality authentic food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first thing i 'm gon na say is dont take a bus full of nun 's here . my grandmother would not enjoy this place . its a little dirty , kinda shady , but solid grub . i enjoy these kinds of places because i feel like i could spill things on me and not have to worry about people scoffing at me ( people are probably too drunk to notice here ) . i 've probably been to better mexican places in wyoming but hey it 's better then a microwave burrito and after a few beers , who cares . do n't pay attention to the 1 stars , just go check it out yourself .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "new menu matches josephs and anthony 's but i went for jose and tony 's . still had happy hour beer price . hope transition goes well . the now $ 7 or $ 8 burrito , no sides , was average . miss the specials and sloppy joe .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nothing really that makes it a mexican bar ... . ? wings are good . anything else is freezer burned and microwaved . cheap booze . attracting the dormonster crowd", "score": "1"}
{"review": "did n't try the food , but the margaritas and chips and salsa were great : ) fun people and good atmosphere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "jose and tony 's is a great spot to grab some tacos and beers in the neighborhood . it 's not your typical sit down restaurant - you order your food and pay at the window , and then find a seat , and get your alcoholic beverages at the bar . i have been there a handful of times , and i have never had an issue finding a seat or being taken care of in a timely manner . the servers are all friendly . i always get the carnitas tacos , and i have yet to be dissatisfied . the atmosphere is laid back , which i love . no outside seating , which is always sad in the summer months .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't understand the 2 star rating . i love jose & tony 's . we walk there often for food or drinks the inside could use a little updating & outside seating would be a nice addition , but the food is excellent . my husband & i have eaten here 10+ times & were never disappointed . everything is cheap , good quality and the service is fast . i even love their wings , which you probably would n't think to order at a place that serves mexican food . i like that you just order your food at the counter then they bring it to your table . we 've never had a problem finding seating either . i 'd definitely recommend this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have my house cleaned every other week and i love the great job they do . i like how i get the same team each time and the owner checks in with me from time to time to make sure i 'm satisfied with the service . i also like the 100 % satisfaction guarantee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just found out the response from this business , full of lies . below is response from amazon.com . enjoy reading and stay away from them : `` i am sorry to hear that the order was canceled by the service provider . on behalf of amazon i want to apologize that you did not have a positive experience with your particular service provider . we take customer feedback very seriously and i want to assure you that i will notify the account manager to follow up with this provider to make sure this does n't happen to other customers i 've issued a $ xx.00 promotional certificate to your amazon.com account ... . ''", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they clean my house bi-weekly for a very reasonable rate . they are up front about what they clean and do not clean . they take great care and attention to detail and overall nice people to work with . i will use them on any house i plan to clean in future as well", "score": "5"}
{"review": "janiknights did a fantastic job for me on two separate properties , one a move-out and the other a move-in . they did n't miss anything . both homes were exceptionally clean after they finished . i 've recommended them to my other clients and they were so pleased with the service they are hiring them on a bi-weekly basis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff is awesome . they are very friendly , professional and they are attentive to any special requests . they are always on time . owner will review all services provided in a detailed conversation so that you fully understand expectations . christina and maria are the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "allen and his crew were on time , super professional and took great care and detail in cleaning our house . we will definitely be using this company again and recommend them with the highest enthusiasm . we had a deep cleaning down for our start and now are on regular service . made 2 b cleaned is great ! ! we highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been using jani knights for about 6 months after going through countless other cleaning companies . unlike the others that we have used in the past , maria , christina , and ali show up on time , do what they promise they would do , and are in and out quickly without disrupting our whole day . this company communicates . if someone is sick or cant make it , they call in advance . holiday weekend coming up , they reschedule for for another day . they always get the job done , and if by some chance they miss something ( which is very rare ) one phone call solves the problem . the team that comes to our house on a regular basis is christina , maria , and ali and they are great . i would recommend this company for anyone looking to have a professional and punctual company come and clean their home on a regular basis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used jani knights cleaning services twice now for both a move out and move in they are amazing everything is done to the t and not only are they quick and thorough but they are also very polite i am usually at work when i need the cleaning done so i have my elderly mother let them in and go over what needs to be done they are not only courteous they go the extra mile to make sure we have everything how we want it i will continue to use this service many times i recommend them highly", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the line moves quick and the chicken is delicious , perfect , moist , magique . the hot sauce is important . the pieces of meat are quickly cleavered for you as they are taken off the grill when you order so watchout for little bits of bone . order in advance to skip the big line and walk right up to the counter on the left hand side . natas are one of my favourite foods ever so i always grab some of those as well . the staff are funny and at least trilingual , the portuguese patter keeps the place running and i love seeing the patient smile when the old folks come in .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "small , local shop known for their chicken . we came into the shop around 9pm . there was still a line and the place was super stuffy . it was already hot outside , but the heat from the grills made the store even warmer . came here to pick up a 1 2 chicken combo plate . it comes with their famous portuguese chicken , salad and a ton of fries on top . i really mean a ton of fries . for ~15 cad it 's a ton of food . the chicken was really good and tender . it had tons of flavor and the sauce juice makes for a great dipping sauce for the fries . overall a cool place to go to get chicken . side note , it 's cash or debit only !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quand on se prom\u00e8ne dans la plateau et qu'on arrive aux environs de l'intersection des rues rachel et saint-laurent , on commence \u00e0 sentir le fameux poulet de romados . j'y suis all\u00e9e avec mon copain et un de ses amis qui \u00e9taient tr\u00e8s excit\u00e9s de me faire d\u00e9couvrir le meilleur poulet du monde selon eux . j'admets que le poulet \u00e9tait excellent , et la sauce piquante sur les frites y ajoute un go\u00fbt qui sort de l'ordinaire . les portions sont \u00e9normes , donc pour ceux aux petits app\u00e9tits , partagez avec vos amis ! la seule chose que j'ai moins appr\u00e9ci\u00e9 de l'endroit est le manque d'espace pour y manger , mais au moins , plusieurs parcs dans les environs sont facilement accessible .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "saw this place on yelp and on a cooking chanel so i decided to try it . i got the 1 4 of chicken with fries and it came with this hot sauce . the mountain of fries were so tasty ( specially at the end covered in sauce and that 's if you get to that ) . i 'm pretty sure there are some onions with the fries seasoning ... .yum . now the chicken , it was so full of flavor you could really tell this was no ordinary rotisserie chicken . i would definitely recommend this place . the portions are huge and it was only 8 $ . i give this place a 4 star because sitting there was really uncomfortable and if you take it to go and wait to long it 's not the same so eat it fresh you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the line is long , but the wait is worth it . this rotisserie chicken is so juicy and greasy . yum . i got the combo with fries , rice , and salad , but you can ask for the combo any way you like ( just salad and rice , etc ) . sauce is excellent ( perfect level of spiciness ) . there is also a bakery here and some authentic brazillian products , but i did n't have any more room in my belly after i consumed half a chicken . but if you go , you got ta wash it all down with a bottle of guarana . tips : figure out what you want before you get in line . there are people waiting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worth the hype ; ramados offers authentic portuguese style rotisserie chicken with addictive sauces and good service . the chicken is butterflied and chopped into finger food sized pieces . the skin is very crispy and beautifully seasoned . order ahead to avoid lines . however , we showed up to a lineup that stretched to the door and did not have to wait long as the staff bagged chicken after chicken with surprising speed . if you 're hungry ; get the whole chicken for two . fries are also delicious from here . the salad is nothing to rave about but then again this place is not about eating salad . staff is friendly and efficient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was the best meal i had in montreal . i ate at joe beef , and all the top restaurants in old town and rotissire romados kicked them all to the curb . 1 2 chicken with spicy sauce , fresh fries , and salad ... all for under $ 10 ? you seriously ca n't beat that . the chicken juices and hot sauce seep into the fries if you let it sit for a few minutes . take yours to-go , walk down to la fontaine park and enjoy the best chicken while sitting on the grass . i wish we had a restaurant like this in san francisco !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so . mindblowingly . good . i do n't even like chicken and i 'd eat ramados every single day for the rest of my life if i could . what are they doing to this meat ? ? what is that miraculous basting mixture being slathered over these rotating birds ? ? why , after all of this time , am i still craving ramados ? ? ! the fries are whatever , but the chicken - ohmydearlawdinheaven , the chicken ! seriously , it 's so good that when a couple of my friends were debating whether to move from montreal to korea , ramados weighed heavily on their decision . no joke . it 's that freaking phantasmagorical . do n't walk , do n't wait , just go - go to ramados . and thank the poultry gods for making such a deliciously greasy bird .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love romados . have for many a year . until 2010 their `` quarter chicken '' trio ( with fries and salad ) was really 4 or 5 pieces of totally awesome chicken covered in spicy delicious portugese flavah . so deliciously yummy . recently they underwent some renovations , which somehow has made their chicken slightly more dry , and the management may have changed , so their formally uber-generous portions have been reduced to more standard fare sizes . still delicious though , and hands down my go-to fave for rotisserie bbq chicken in mtl .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "arriving at a good time , the lineup behind me got massive ! we only had 4-5 parties in front of us , and the line moved quickly . the chicken is divine . it is cooked on a rotisserie with a dry rub , and you can add a spicy sauce to it - which was n't spicy at all , but very tasty . they toss the chicken bits into a bag , and off you go . there is minimal seating inside so plan to eat elsewhere - there is a nearby park with picnic tables we found . service is quick , and this place is popular for a reason - great chicken .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first and only time i 've had portuguese chicken and i was not dissapointed . the chicken was very flavourful and juicy . you get a huge box of fries and chicken for about 10 $ . would visit every time i 'm in the neighborhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pour environ 7 $ par personne , vous pourrez d\u00e9guster un poulet tendre et juteux , badigonn\u00e9 avec de la sauce piquante . leurs frites sont exquises , croustillantes \u00e0 souhait et parfaitement assaisonn\u00e9es . la r\u00f4tisserie est \u00e9galement une p\u00e2tisserie , et sert une vari\u00e9t\u00e9 de g\u00e2teaux , ainsi que les fameuses past\u00e9is de natas , ces petites tartelettes aux oeufs typiquement portugaises . on y vend \u00e9galement des charcuteries et des fromages . prenez le en take-out , et passez votre commande 30 minutes avant d'aller la chercher .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not much to add about this place which has not already been said , i had my first chicken from here when i lived on debullion over 15 years ago , at the time it was more of a grocery store but they made the chicken to go ( you had to call to order for same day , or wait at least 45 min to an hour ) , now it is more of a take out food and bakery deli . their chicken is very good with a smoky flavor and is home seasoned a la portuguese , the fries are very good and try the grilled sardines , which are also very tasty . the price is so affordable it is a must for students , and a score no matter what . hopefully they will keep making it as there seems to be a new controversy about the smoke emanating from places like this and the neighboring residence are complaining . enjoy while you can this could be the end of an era ... ..to be continued", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you go to romados do n't wait for a fancy place but for excellent food . this is by far the best barbecued chicken place in montreal . saint-hubert , scores and other are great places for chicken but romados takes it to a new level . if you can call before you arrive you will avoid the lineup and will get your chicken faster . the sizes of the portions are unreal and the complementary `` pastel de nata '' ( portuguese custard pie ) and small bun make this meal a true portuguese experience . i keep returning to romados as the service is also amazing . a little trick : while they are serving you at the counter make sure you place heavy coins on the wooden tip box and your portion may even increase ( ehehe ) if you buy portions for parties do n't be surprised if you pay for 6 chicken and they give you seven . romados is the best charcoal barbecue chicken in quebec !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recipe for a perfect summer picnic : line up at romados for a combo per hungry person . you will get a huge heap of chicken , hot off the charcoal grill ( my `` cuisse '' combo had at least 2 thighs in it ) , peppery golden fries , salad , and a roll for about $ 8 . say yes to the hot sauce . grab an interesting-looking drink from the cooler and lots of extra napkins , then walk over to park lafontaine , sit by the pond and gobble it all up . even after eating your fill , you will probably have enough leftovers to make yourself a sandwich using the yummy bun . catch a show at th\u00e9\u00e2tre de verdure in the evening as the sun goes down . walk back to the m\u00e9tro in the twilight , eating your sandwich as you go . i hear there are great desserts at romados , too , but i honestly do n't know how anybody could eat dessert after that big dinner . maybe a separate trip ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "2nd time around , romados did not disappoint . i brought some friends with me and they enjoyed the chicken poutine . i however got the 1 2 chicken with fries and the chicken was well worth the 1.75mile bixi ride . the fries were fried accordingly and not gressy . my only issue was that no roll was given out like how it was on my last visit . i will be returning here in august when i come back to mtl", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simply put , this is probably the best bbq chicken in montreal . their fries and rolls are also really good . it can get a little busy at times , though , so you should probably be prepared to wait in line for 10-15 minutes . alternatively , call ahead so that your order is read in advance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "m\u00eame pas ce populaire r\u00f4ti avec le coq qui sert lui m\u00eame du poulet ( ! ? ! ? ) peut se comparer \u00e0 romados ! no no no ! la r\u00f4tisserie romados est maintenant reconnu dans le monde de la restauration montr\u00e9alaise comme une destination \u00e0 ne pas manquer ! appelez d'avance pour \u00e9viter la file et optez pour la cuisse de poulet \u00e9pic\u00e9e , c'est m\u00eame pas discutable . les \u00e9pices du poulet combin\u00e9es avec celle de la sauce cr\u00e9e un party pour les papilles ! la sauce est follement savoureuse et imbibe la montagne de frites incluent avec le poulet ! les frites sont croustillantes \u00e0 souhait et d\u00e9borde du plat ! pour se d\u00e9culpabiliser un tantinet , ils servent \u00e9galement le tout avec une simple petite salade ! et surtout , n'oubliez pas d'acheter des petites tartelettes \u00e0 votre sortie ! un must dans ce restaurant portugais ! et allez prendre un verre au lab pour dig\u00e9rer ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't know if i can add anything new that has n't already been said , but basically all you need to know about romados is that you 're going to get delicious , rotisserie chicken seasoned to perfection with a side of equally tasty salt & pepper fries and you 're gon na walk out the door with a feeling of both glee and guilt - wait , did they undercharge me ? how did i get so much food for less than $ 10 ? but those worries will quickly melt away as you take your first bite of chicken . needless to say i 'll be returning , and if i 'm in a rush i 'll take advantage of the shorter line up for those who have called their orders in ahead . and yes , go for the spicy sauce . yummmmm .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lorsque je travaillais en centre d'appel , mon coll\u00e8gue portugais m'a fait connaitre ce restaurant . c'est devenue ensuite un lieu de p\u00e8lerinage tellement c'est bon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food + generous portion = woohoo ! as good as it gets ! it was freezing & we were starving ! we stopped by this place because we saw this place was crowded . we thought , this place has to be good & yes ! this place is good ! we got the poutine with shredded chicken & the half a chicken . the poutine is definitely different than most of the poutines that we 've tried . poutine mixed with shredded chicken is definitely a great idea . it was definitely a great combination . the chicken itself is flavorful , delicious ! the half a chicken with fries & salad is about $ 7.40 & the poutine is $ 9 . we spent about $ 21 with a drink . it was definitely worth it . great value ! friendly staff ! highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i first went to romados two summers ago and i have been craving it ever since . the service is very quick and the staff is very polite and friendly- you feel like you 've been friends with them for years . as for the food- i love chicken and this is some of the best chicken you can find anywhere in montreal . the prices are unbelievable with the most expensive menu item being a large side portion of rice for $ 13.50 . we got the meal combos that included the 1 2 chicken , fries , salad and rice and it was under $ 10 ! ! you can decide if you want the chicken to be spicy or not too . i got it spicy and it was the perfect amount of added heat to add a real kick to the meal . we then walked down the street and enjoyed our meal at the small park that is close by . it was perfect and i ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great chicken and fries . ( deserts are good as well ! ) huge portions - low price . what else could you want ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sandwiche \u00e0 poulet avec frite . j'ai actuellement la bouche en feu , il y a un incendie dans ma bouche . les frites sont beaucoup trop poivrer et sal\u00e9 que j'en ai perdu la saveur de mon repas . je ne sens plus mon palais que je n'ai m\u00eame pas pu savourer le poulet . je d\u00e9conseille de commander des frites .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bon vieux romados . valeur s\u00fbr pour du bon poulet portugais on es assurer de ne pas \u00eatre d\u00e9\u00e7u . les frites sont tres bonnes bien \u00e9pic\u00e9es et le poulet viens en portion g\u00e9n\u00e9reuse \u00e9galement accompagn\u00e9 de salade . la poutine au poulet et bonne aussi , immense portion mais on vas l\u00e0 bas pour le poulet a la brasa . bonne bouffe pas cher un classique .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so far , this place has 14 five-star reviews , and i 'm not going to disagree . this place is seriously as good as it gets . granted , i do n't have much experience with portuguese chicken , but the chicken i had was ridiculously delicious . very tender and juicy with such great and explosive flavor . the fries were well-seasoned and delicious ; the rice was a great addition to balance out the flavorful chicken and sop up the tasty leftover juices ; and the salad is nice to give you the impression that you might be eating something healthy . just thinking about eating this is making me salivate . anyway , the way it works is you stand in line , order half a chicken ( i guess you could also order other stuff , but why would you ? ) , pay for it , then split with a friend and enjoy . inexpensive , delicious , and filling . i do n't know what more you could ask for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sorry , but i really do n't get it . the chicken is greasy and the fries so-so . it 's like the portuguese-style junk food . i would not recommend it . clean place and nice people though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "meilleur sandwich au poulet jamais go\u00fbt\u00e9 . les frites sont toutes aussi excellentes , le tout pour moins de 10 $ . si romados est recommand\u00e9 par anthony bourdain dans the layover - montr\u00e9al , ce n'est pas pour rien !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "would give them 1 star but that 's not fair as i 'm obviously in a hole in the wall joint and should n't expect a gourmet meal ... so this review is solely based on the fries and service . i ordered a small fry to go and noticed they scooped the fries out of a metal bowl that was n't even being heated.. the fries were dry and barely warm . i requested gravy but they said they did n't offer it except for with poutine ? ! ? ! but i do n't really eat dairy so i just wanted gravy and would pay extra.. nope they refused to sell me gravy . i only had a few bites as the fries were dry and then when i got home ( tmi sorry ) i rushed to the bathroom . i guess my system rejected this crap . ps- no a c during 33 degree weather . my tip to you : go here when it 's busy and make sure there 's a bathroom nearby .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we ate here 3 times during our 6-day visit , and for good reason ! the chicken sandwich is amazing . the answer to `` spicy ? '' is a clear & resounding `` yes . '' the fries are ridiculously good ; even the salad was delicious ! do n't be put off by the seemingly long line -- it moves fast and is well worth the wait . in my opinion , this was the best value in montreal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "la r\u00e9putation de la r\u00f4tisserie romados n'est plus \u00e0 faire . allez-y sans h\u00e9siter pour cet incroyable poulet frites avec un surplus de sauce piquante ( c'est leur sp\u00e9cialit\u00e9 ) . aussi , commandez un poulet entier \u00e0 emporter pour un ap\u00e9ro de derni\u00e8re minute : vos convives vous remercieront ! je recommande d'aller chercher vos commandes au comptoir et de ne pas tenter l'exp\u00e9rience de livraison dont l'attente est bien trop longue et le plat , lui , beaucoup moins ultime ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no doubt the best portuguese chicken in montreal . the chicken is grilled to perfection . the meat is moist and tender , not to mention juicy . served on heap of golden crispy fries . i can go on and on about how good the chicken is , but there are almost 150 plus reviews about it . another thing no one here mentioned are the chouri\u00e7o 's . they are really good . spicy sausage portuguese style . lines are really long , but they move fast . you place your order , pick it up and go to the cash register and pay by cash or debit . no credit cards accepted . did i mention the food here is very cheap ? ? ? and yes , their nata 's are good too.but you have to visit this place mainly for their chicken . p.s . : definitely not a good place to visit if you are chicken food - really good service - fast ambiance - what ambiance ? ? ? worth the money - s\u00ed", "score": "4"}
{"review": "en fin j'ai compris le pourquoi de la popularit\u00e9 de romados , deli ! ! .. le seul detaille que je n'ai pas aim\u00e9 sont les assiettes et emballages en polystyr\u00e8ne , pas amical avec l'environnement .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for an affordable meal that has huge portions -- this place is it . i would say you could definitely split the combo in two and be content . generally being an excessive eater , i managed to finish everything but my friends could barely finish half of their meal . the chicken was tender and well cooked but wayyyyyyy too salty , and so was the salad dressing . the portion sizes are great for the price ( understatement : huge ) but i just wish they would add less salt to the chicken and maybe not overly dress the salad -- or even better -- leave it plain since everything else is salty and oily ? the service was a bit questionable -- we had an incident where we were refused tap water even though we were customers ? otherwise , it was a decent meal , and i definitely think you 're getting a pretty good deal , but not really worth the hype .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "j'ai appris l'existence de romados le lendemain de l'incendie en janvier 2013 et depuis ce temps j'avais h\u00e2te dy a\u013aler . c'est fait et ils ont d\u00e9pass\u00e9 mes attentes . meilleur poulet grill\u00e9 et meilleures frites en ville .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honn\u00eatement , je ne comprends pas pourquoi ce restaurant est si achaland\u00e9 et si bien cot\u00e9 ... d'abord , le poulet n'a rien d'extraordinaire et la sauce piquante tr\u00e8s grasse , les frites , mis \u00e0 part les petites \u00e9pices sur le dessus , n'ont rien de sp\u00e9cial non plus , sans compter le manque d'espace pour manger confortablement sur place . les cheveux du monde dans la file d'attente presque dans nos assiettes et tout , et tout le monde qui attend qui te regarde pendant que tu manges ... bien bien bien ordinaire , je ne retournerai jamais l\u00e0-bas , m\u00eame pas pour un take-out ! seul point positif , les sucreries et produits de boulangerie avaient l'air bien .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is pretty much unreal ! you walk in , actually , before you even walk in , you can smell the barbeque down the street . you can fully see what the cooks are doing . you can see the food roasting over the open pit . incredible eats . the portions are more than enough to fill an average person up . i ordered half a chicken , with salade and frites . it was bursting out of the take out container . and it the meal comes with a homemade bun . will definitely need to return to this place for another feed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "heard many good reviews for romados and must say that i was neither impressed nor disappointed . the chicken was moist , not dry at all , but not particularly unique in flavor . perhaps i should have ordered the spicy options . fries were good but overflowing in the plate while there was a minuscule amount of salad ; seemed imbalanced .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the chicken was not good ! ! ! the meat is too dry..and the service is terrible ! ! ! ! ! you delete my review ? i can give you just a bad review again ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "another place that ppl are crazy about but it 's always crowded and the `` spice '' is more just salt . i would recommend , the next time you feel for this , turn left off st-laurent on to rachel instead of right and go one block you will fine a much smaller little shop ( rotisserie portugalia ) turning out the same if not better tasting portuguese chicken . just my 2cents", "score": "3"}
{"review": "romados , montreal 's legendary chicken spot . for so long , this place has attracted praise , excitement and , reverence from all roasted chicken lover . as a chicken aficionado myself , i went to this place many times . the pastries and bread are always delicious , i love the small fruit tarts , but everyone here comes from one main event , the chicken . i really love the way they plate their chicken here . they put fries until it covers , well everything . i always ask for spicy sauce on both my fries and my chicken , and i always say yes to the amazing portuguese bun they distribute . it is one of the best bang for the $ in the city . however , sometimes the chicken is a tad on the drier side , so come during the rush hours . it 's never that bad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of montreal 's finest rotisseries . their secret family recipe is divine . and it 's so cheap . should you want to bring home a family meal , grab a chicken or porc sandwich with fries , or taste some traditional portuguese pastries , romados is the place to go . just be aware that you may have to brave a serious lineup .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is worth a stop . we split two 1 2 chicken dinners for two adults and one child and as others note there were fries left over . i wanted to try their caldo verde soup but they were out by 7:00pm . the spicy sauce was really quite good not searingly hot but rather piquant . my 4 y o went though the mild chicken with a smile . make sure you look at the pastries before you finish paying . we almost missed dessert !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is for the chicken ( i 'm a big protein fan ) . i wish this was in nyc . the chicken was moist , perfect spices , and the hot sauce had a good amount of heat . if you want more heat , ask for more sauce . surprisingly , the side salad that came with it was perfect to cool off the heat from the hot sauce on the chicken . fries were good , but i ca n't say i remember too much about it . service is fast and the place really seems more for take-out or eat and run . use your fingers when eating this chicken and eat everything off the bone . i did n't try the pastries , but maybe next time when i return to montreal . simple ( protein ) food , decent price.. i ca n't find anything wrong with that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the grilled chicken and the poutine simple . small place with a few seating . overall , we had a great experience and enjoy the food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chicken was too salty . ask for the hot sace . though it 's oily , really helps mediate the saltiness of the seasoning . the combo comes with a small salad , fries ( too much ) , and bread roll . if you come you must try their portuguese tarts . limited seating . if you ca n't find any , walk down the street to a public park with benches and enjoy there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was my first time trying portuguese chicken , but i will without a doubt be looking for a place that serves it closer to home . we ordered a whole chicken with fries and salad to split with 4 people and it was enough for a very light dinner . honestly could have a had 2 whole chickens because it was so good . definitely get the spicy sauce ! one warning for english speaking tourists- the menu is only written in french , but all of the people working were very friendly and helpful ! there is n't too much seating inside , so i would recommend taking the food and eating elsewhere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty much the best portuguese chicken on the plateau . not much else to say .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally i went to romados with my friend who were visiting montreal from toronto . `` it 's really famous and really good . '' this is what i told him . we really like the huge amount of frites and delicious chicken and the salad . i would love to visit again , when it 's not crowded !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "romados is essential to anyone on a budget in montreal . it 's such a good deal that buying chicken alone here , already cooked and seasoned , can be cheaper than buying a chicken at the supermarket . the fries and salad are mediocre and i think the chicken is really the highlight here . you can reserve your chicken ahead of time to avoid waiting in line , so make sure to do that if you go during busy hours . romados is simply the best budget meal you can buy in the area . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best chicken in town ! so juicy & tasty.. its fun to go in the summer so you can pick up & go to the park scross the street and hsve a mini piknik , its awesome , its very cheap snd they really spoil you with the french fries .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good place for roast chicken , half chicken combo is enough for two person . the price is also very good . i will try their other food next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "apr\u00e8s avoir mang\u00e9 plusieurs fois \u00e0 ma poule mouill\u00e9 je me suis tent\u00e9 \u00e0 romados . on est sur le m\u00eame principe au niveau des plats . je trouve juste qu'il y a moins de choix que \u00e0 ma poule mouill\u00e9 . on est principalement que sur du poulet , pas de plat mixant poulet et chorizo . le poulet est tr\u00e8s bon et la sauce bien go\u00fbteuse . c'est sensiblement le m\u00eame prix . il est possible de commander par t\u00e9l\u00e9phone et de venir chercher et aussi de prendre \u00e0 emporter . je dirais que c'est une valeur sur en r\u00f4tisserie portugaise . vous ne serez pas d\u00e9\u00e7u de manger un bon morceau de poulet en y allant !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were overwhelmed with how delicious and cheap the food here is . a chicken leg is only 3 dollars if you are a meat lover . the poutine sauce is also great . you should get the combos with the poutine sauce ! we also like the fast turnaround that the counter and cashier . hence , it never takes us more than 10 minutes to get out of the long queue . do not let the queue discourage you from trying these fantastic chicken ! we will definitely come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing to add except to say i love this chicken so much . with rice , the portions are huge so if you 're interested in chicken , opt out of the rice . the 1 2 chicken dinner was too much for my so and i to finish , but worth every second of the walk over and the line", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant burnt down recently ( january ) ... i was devastated ! they will reopen but did n't announce when ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one if the most fun stops in our trip to montreal . this place was a true local experience . located in the rachel st. laurent area , we were trying to decide which portuguese bbq place for dinner and we 're really glad we decided on this ! unbelievably seasoned rotisserie chicken with piles of amazing fries dumped on top , and a delicious but simple salad on the side . all for about $ 12 each , and the two of us probably could have split one order . the place was packed and deservedly so . seating is limited as a warning . but what a nice way to warm up on a cold night than feasting in savory chicken and hot fries .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing chicken for the price your paying ... always a line up in there so you can not be in a hurry when going there", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i treat this place like a cheap guilty pleasure - and there 's nothing wrong with that ! moist chicken dripping with spicy oil , buried in about 2 days ' worth of puffy , seasoning-coated fries . as long as you 're ok with a 20+ minute lineup , it 's amazing - be sure to ask for extra sauce !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is legit . super moist and fresh chicken and good prices . you should be aware that fries for 2 is literally enough for 6 people so go hungry .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best portuguese chicken in town , period . if you go during the week , try out the chicken sandwich , it 's pretty fantastic but not available on the weekend . : (", "score": "5"}
{"review": "of all rotisories tasted so far , definitely the best ! take out gives you extremely generous portion of fries salad to enjoy while taking in the comforts one of the nearby parks or even the mountain ; ) . oh ! do n't forget to get a few natas for dessert ( traditional portuguese sweet egg tarts ) enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has bbq chicken coming out the friggin walls with awesome fries straight out of heaven . portuguese grill with pastries , bread and attitude . chop chop !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no visit to montreal is without a trip to romados . the line ups are long but definitely worth the wait . chicken is to die for ... . this place has to have the best tasting portuguese chicken i ever had . fries are golden and tasty and comes with a portugese style roll . drown it down with a sumol and you 're good to go . tip : they have two lines `` avec commande '' ( with order ) and `` sans commande '' ( without order ) the avec commande line is for folks who has called in for a order and is generally a bit faster . sans commande line is for folks who did not call in and usually has the longest line ups .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite bbq chicken place in montreal ... i actually dreamt of it when i lived in la ! stay away from the fries ... they are so awesome you ca n't just eat a few ! ! ! romados for me is to chicken what shwatzes is to smoke meat ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just do n't understand what 's so special about this place . the food was extremely greasy and the chicken was n't anything special . maybe i 'm being a little harsh because the place was extremely overhyped . not a good location to sit down and eat .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "portuguese bakery & chicken shack that also sells local beer ? what ? this place is on rachel e in a nice , leafy part of the plateau and yet one can fill one 's stomach up to the brim for under $ 20 . not just with moist and lip-smackingly salty frango e batata along with a cold belle guele pilsner , but also still-warm , delicate pastel de nata just out of the oven ; gooey and creamy on the inside and just barely crunchy with a kiss of caramelized powdered sugar on top giving the custard a crunch almost akin to a cr\u00e8me br\u00fbl\u00e9e ... i 'm almost drooling from the memory alone..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "incase all the other 5-star reviews were n't enough , let me add my own : this chicken is the bomb . the end . that 's all she wrote . seriously though , when my mate was visiting from calgary we ate here every week for 3 weeks , and in between visits we thought about coming to eat here . it was good all the times we went . the chicken is crispy , but the key is the sauce . make sure you get extra sauce , 'cause that 's where it 's at . the fries are herbed , and cooked to if you order a meal ( chicken , chips ) before 12 or 1pm you also get a free bread roll and a portugese tart ( ! ) . needless to say , this place is legit portugese , so they know how to make a tart . if you 're in montreal , want some good chicken , want to try a local institution , or any of the previous , just go here already .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "portuguese rotisserie chicken and fries done right . the aroma of chicken fills the arondissment with a delightful aroma that is matched by the flavor and juciness of the meat . this place is also a full bakery with tasty pastries , and a free nata comes with the chicken at lunch . make sure you get the sauce piquant on the chicken for extra delisciousness . call in your order before going to cut your wait time down , or expect a long line of people waiting for their chicken , especially on sunday 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so hungry from not eating all day and would have been pissed off if the food here wasnt good.it was yummy.i loved the chicken , salad and fries ( im not a french fry person ) .i even likex the dressing on the salad ... im picky as hell.ill be back to sit down and eat.i brought the food home and it reheated nicely but the salad got a bit soggy in transport .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! grandiose ! la chair de poule juste en repensant \u00e0 ces frites poivr\u00e9es et ce poulet ... ah ce poulet ... juteux , go\u00fbteux , \u00e9pic\u00e9 \u00e0 souhait ... bref , le prix \u00e0 ridiculement bas pour la qualit\u00e9 du repas . je vous le conseille fortement 1-2-3-4 fois", "score": "5"}
{"review": "top notch portugese chicken perfect for a picnic at nearby parc jeanne-mance ! the 1 4 chicken combo ( with fries and salad ) is my go-to . portions are very large -- for a meal under $ 10 , it 's really great bang for your buck .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i firmly believe that this would be a top chicken experience for anyone who tries it . fries are excellent . chorizo is good not great . custard pastry was top notch as well . get there early , order a chicken and enjoy . definitely roll .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's just plain chicken with a pile of french fries - flavorless . no chimicurri sauces . bland no paazing . yawn . guess it 's considered cheap though for montreal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hot restaurant served hot food but cold tart ... . it seemed to be lined up all the time because the price was very reasonable for such large portion of chicken . i had 1 4 chicken with half rice and half fries ( thank the friendly staff for meeting my requirements : ) . but honestly , i expected to taste much flavourful chicken not just salty . even all the side dishes , salad , rice and fries are better than chicken . the bread was good but the tart was not crisp at all ! ! the cold stuffing was too sweet . so , i only can give it 3 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not necessarily a fancy restaurant , but one of the most memorable meals i 've had in montreal . it 's sometimes tough to find parking , and the line in the restaurant can be long , but the chicken was so tasty that it 's worth the extra trouble .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perhaps this was highly reviewed for the amount of food you get for your dollar . if i lived by here i 'd probably eat here quite a bit , but overall , we were not impressed . chicken was fairly dry . perhaps we came at a bad time , check it out if you 're in the area and are looking for a cheap filling meal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first thing you need to do if you decide to go by this place . call and put in the order or you will be waiting in line drooling for 15-30 minutes . my gf and i order 1 2 of poulet combo . it came with fries and salad . the bill was around 10 bucks or so . the bird was bar b q really well . they give you a big portion . we try not to order big meal because we want to go to as many places as we can when we were in mtl . we were in montreal for 3 days we ate here twice and it was well worth it . remember look up the # and call first before you go . check out the menu online . or take a bib with you . : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "romados has started doing delivery service and it 's not amazing . i love their food ( i wish i could love their sauce , but it has gluten in it ) but romados is really awful if it is n't fresh . my fries came cold with a lukewarm chicken carcass . dry and inedible . maybe you should stick to in-store or figure out your takeout containers !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "omgggggg mon poulet portugais pr\u00e9f\u00e9r\u00e9 au monde ! ( sauf au portugal ) je pense que je louerais un appartement juste au dessus \u00e0 cause du romados . c'est id\u00e9al pour les \u00e9tudiants car c'est pas cher et les portions tu en a pour deux personne avec 7 $ . que dire de la poutine ! meilleure adaptation ever de leur poulet ! oublier pas de bien tiper avant qu'il finisse votre plat ! votre portion sera encore plus \u00e9norme ! chaque fois que je m'y rend je devient nostalgique et \u00e7a me rappel le portugal et leur sumol ( un must a prendre avec votre commande ) ! \u00e0 quand le 24h et saviez vous qu'ils livrent maintenant ? : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so thankful that we found romados on yelp ! yelp to the rescue , yet again ! the chicken is fall of the bone tender and has just the right bit of smokiness . the portuguese egg tarts are amazingly good and they carry five alive in cans ! sweet !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first experience with portuguese char-grilled chicken . i did n't really have any preconceptions ; the closest comparison i have is peruvian chicken a la brassa . major differences ? the portuguese chicken tastes like there is wine in the marinade , and the skin is not nearly as crispy . it also comes drenched in a pretty bland piri piri chili oil rather than being served with flavorful dipping sauces . the chicken was also a little flabbier than expected , as though the fat needed to render more . overall , i liked but did n't love this style . we sprang for a papo seco ( fluffy , crusty portuguese roll ) , which was a good call dipped in the chicken drippings . i also enjoyed trying a passion fruit soda -- not something you find every day . maybe one day i 'll have the chance to try a competitor 's chicken to see who best represents .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was in vacation in montreal , stayed at the plateau area . there 's a lot of restaurants in this location , so i tried yeld that indicated romados . they have a great chicken breast , pretty wet ! awesome french fries ! good cost ! i definitely recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "romados c'est ma place ! ! ! le poulet , les frites , la salade ... je salive juste \u00e0 y penser : -p petit conseil d'amie , la file est toujours bien longue , alors soyez pr\u00e9voyant et appelez pour r\u00e9server ... comme \u00e7a , pas d'attente ! ! ! vous e remercierez plus tard !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stellar service and chicken sometimes the cashiers can rush but it 's ok i get the hustle they are always busy and for good reason . always get the chicken spicy , the salad is always delicious , and the fries are so well seasoned . i wish i could 've gotten a sandwich either way no regrets and i 'll be back ! ! also pastries are delicious the egg tarts , coconut custard and almond desserts are all outstanding and the bread always delicious . bottom line : amazing portuguese chicken and pretty much everything else they make , charming service , and great prices ! just try it out for yourself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the fries , and the sauce on the chicken was great . the juiciness of the chicken was very good , but could n't match the splendidity of the sauce . i would n't say it 's a be-all-end-all or ca n't miss , but it 's definitely a good stop - very popular with locals . the baked items seemed doable too . i liked how casual this place was , how your order from the cooks , who stand in front of the kitchen . i did n't see many take-out joints in my time in montreal , this was a good one . dig it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "believe the hype ! the fabled line is totally worth it . my guy and i will spend 12 bucks splitting a whole chicken ( spicy , duh ) for dinner and i 'm seriously knawing the marrow out of the bones and eating the spinal cord at the end of the meal , it 's soooo good . warning : if i eat the potatoes and the bird at once i go into a serious chicken coma so i advise only a side of salad if you actually want to do something with your day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best chicken that i ate in a very long time . the juicy meat and the spicy sauce with the salty fresh fries are just delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their portions are huge ! for under $ 10 you get a 1 2 chicken , salad , rice , french fries and a dinner roll . i could easily eat this for 2 maybe 3 meals . the chicken is quite delicious , very tender and juicy . the french fries are yummy and i do n't know how they make their rice but there seems to be some seasoning infused in it which makes it quite yummy too ! i had wanted to try their portuguese tarts too when i first went in but i was too stuffed by the end ! it 's usually pretty busy but the line goes pretty fast . the space is okay , the seating is a bit close to one another and can feel a bit cramped and sometimes all the seating it taken , but the food is totally worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hi everyone ! here goes my first review ... i am a big foodie and my craving for spicy indian style grilled chicken brought me to ramados ( after extensive search online - portuguese chicken ) . i ordered a half grilled chicken ( spicy ) for a take away . i was really surprised to see the large portion of fries with the three large pieces of chicken . the meat was falling off the bone and had all the flavors . the fries and the salad soaked in those flavors gave an added taste . really tasty and absolutely delicious . reasonable pricing . though i would prefer more spice in the chicken but i have no complaints . i loved the food . i would surely visit them again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not the nicest decor . no place ( almost ) to sit but the best chicken i had , punto . read the reviews and all but nothing better than give it a try . i highly recommend it and i will go back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "je vais jouer les rabat-joie , mais au vu du grand nombre d'avis \u00e9logieux , je m'attendais \u00e0 quelque chose de vraiment exceptionnel , et j'ai \u00e9t\u00e9 d\u00e9\u00e7u . on y mange bien et les prix sont plus que raisonnables ( $ 7.75 pour le combo cuisse de poulet frites , avec de la salade , une sauce piquante et un morceau de pain ) , mais ne vous attendez pas non plus \u00e0 tomber de votre chaise tant le repas est merveilleux ! j'y retournerai quand m\u00eame avec plaisir si je suis dans le coin , d'autant plus que je dois encore me faire un avis sur leurs p\u00e2tisseries .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "easily one of my favourite places in montreal , i find myself coming back here again and again even though i live on the other side of the city . no nonsense , just walk up to the counter , place your order , and walk away with a cut of juicy , flavourful chicken straight off the grill , splashed with piri-piri sauce ( they 'll always ask if you want it , but the answer should be obvious ) and buried under a mountain of deliciously spiced french fries . all for about 10 dollars . what more could you need ? sure enough , it gets very crowded here , with lines often reaching all the way to the door . it always moves quickly , but then there might not be anywhere to sit down !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! ! the chicken is sooo good ! ! the fries have this special spice which makes it really good . get the hot sauce on you chicken and dip your fries in it . this is food porn ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some of the better rotisserie chicken that i 've had . did n't really know portugese chicken was a thing in montreal . glad someone told us . $ 9 for a 1 4 chicken and giant pile of fries + salad . one of the better meals we had on the entire trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "portuguese rotisserie chicken from ramados on rue rachel . i 'll admit i do n't know much about portuguese food , but their thighs are legit . thighs and fries , you ca n't go wrong . i still dream about the seasoning on their fries , and would drive the 7 hours north just for a nibble .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellence nourriture n'\u00e9gale pas toujours \u00e0 un bon service \u00e0 la client\u00e8le . 2h pour la livraison ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after watching anthony bourdain 's layover episode on montreal , we found our way to romados and were not disappointed . this place is seriously good . huge portions at a very reasonable price makes this place a must visit while you 're in montreal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what can i say ? romados is romados , and even after i 've gotten their roast chicken multiple times during my studies here , i never get tired of them . my go-to order is the half roast chicken combo with salad and fries , and they always give you so much for what you pay for . it 's impossible for your mouth to not water while the wafts of savory , juicy chicken reach your olfactory receptors . and once you bite into it - my personal favorite parts are the legs and thighs as i think breast meat is somewhat bland - the collective harmony of crispy and peppery skin , spicy sauce , and bone-licking good meat all seems to make sense . served superbly with a fresh salad and vinaigrette along with crispy , yet soft-on-the-inside fries , it will always be a hit . i can never pick between ma poule mouill\u00e9e and this place as they both hit the spot . enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place serves crack -- in the form of rotisserie chicken and french fries . this is easily the best combo of the two that you can get on planet earth . no joke .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good portuguese chicken . well done . huge portions and the prices are reasonable . i usually add a couple of natas to my order ( portuguese egg tart ) . they are really good ! expect to wait in line during rush hours . the staff can sometimes be rude and cold but it 's nothing against you . i guess if 's because they 've been doing this for so long that they 're just bored ! lol ! you know , `` been there , done that '' type of thing . ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for the authentic portuguese egg tarts , they are sooooooo gooood ! ! ! ! also got some of the pastries here , they are so so , but most of them are under $ 2 , so i would not complain . the chorizo here is pretty good too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dropped by here during a lunch a few weeks back . let 's be honest . the chicken in this place is probably the best you 'll probably get in montreal . it 's tender , juicy and flavorful and comes with side orders that are equally impressive . i need to visit this place someday soon with friends and experience it all again . the price tag ? completely reasonable and in fact , another attraction to come eat at this fine establishment . the service is about as solid as it gets . if you have never eaten at romados ... why are you depriving yourself such an experience ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so glad we decided to try this place while we were in montreal ! delicious , cheap , friendly and with a unique cool portuguese vibe . best neighborhood chicken spot ever ? quite possibly ! portuguese passion fruit soda went really well with the food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "with a 1 2 pound of chicken in piri sauce that melted in my mouth , a light salad , and crispy , flavorful fries all for $ 6 , i felt like i was walking out of a rotisserie in lisbon . `` muito bom . ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yet another montreal gem . hands down the best portuguese barbecue chicken montreal has to offer , every other restaurant that is remotely good will still come after romados . you can smell it from down the street , it is inexpensive , and absolutely delicious . whether you are ordering the perfectly cooked and spiced chicken , fries , salad , or pastries , your taste buds are in for the ride of their lives . do not miss out on this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i have nothing to say against the food . the chicken is always super tasty and well cooked . my chicken sandwich was excellent and my salad was good . the only thing is i wish they put a bit more love in their service . i mean the lady literally throw a huge handful of salad in my styrofoam box , add way too much dressing and force the cover to close . so i 'm walking with salad hanging out my box and dressing dripping all over ... not the end of the world but i like love served with my food . that 's all .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the half-chicken is an amazing deal ! comes with fries and salad , and the chicken itself is very well seasoned and full of flavor . the seating space is a little bit limited though , and the pastry section 's desserts seemed not very fresh . altogether , a great experience because the chicken was top notch . i will definitely revisit this place , but i suggest to avoid the desserts section in the evening .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know wtf happened but i can tell you this : 1 ) the chicken is still good , but it was n't as good as before 2 ) the salad was pathetic and i did n't eat a bite of the limp , nasty wet , water-laden salad 3 ) the fries ruined everything for me -- excessive amount of them , dry , brown , soaked in dirty oil , disgusting 4 ) the natas they used to give as a freebie , are now a hybrid tart custard piece of crap 5 ) the owner and his kids are n't really working much any more which has contributed to its decline know what ? they 're coasting on their name and fame . i 'm not going back , except to buy natas once in a while . not worth it any more to wait in line and then fight for a crappy seat that 50 % of the time is not available .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "chicken made with crack . the food i have never had rotisserie that was so compelling , this is something else . the chorizo is excellent too . the fries are not bad either , and they also have a pretty amazing bakery section . the service pretty friendly and efficient . the atmosphere busy , hip , bustling .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great good and excellent service for the price . yumm yumm . always a huge line for dinner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "si tu veux faire un diner avec ta belle-famille sans trop te casser la t\u00eate , va chez romados prend un poulet complet bien \u00e9pic\u00e9 comme il le faut et le tour et jouer ! ps : \u00e9vit\u00e9 les longue file en commandant", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow . i 've never seen reviews like this ! and i believe they are deserved . you can eat yourself into yummy obesity for only 10 $ a day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really average chicken the sausage is good but nothing crazy the best thing on the menu . the frites they are really good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we went to romados shortly before we left to the airport to go back to ny . there was a short line that moved along pretty quickly towards the back of the store . we ordered a chicken dinner platter to share amongst the three of us and it was the perfect amount ! the platter came with chicken , a nice salad , and fries . we upgraded our fries to poutine fries for a couple of dollars and it was well worth it . the chicken was nice and tender with a crispy skin and had a nice spicy sauce to it . the fries come well seasoned with herbs and spices and taste even better when you upgrade it to poutine . this was a pretty delicious quick meal and relatively cheap too ! definitely a must try if you 're looking for amazing portuguese chicken .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "montreals classic spot for portuguese chicken . great food , wonderful service . avoid the rush times ( noon on weekends or from 6-8pm to avoid the line ups ) ... but it is worth the wait for good quality price meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went tonight for first time it was amazing i got half chicken combo amazing bun great fries and best chicken ever and great price 7.99 the you get salad will go again asap", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like chicken , then this place should be on your list of best roasted chicken in montreal . it is a popular place , so there will be a 10-40 minutes wait depending on how busy it is on that day . their chicken is perfectly roasted and a perfect amount of sauce and you can either eat it right there or take out to have it at home . the price is affordable and the service is great , what more could you ask for ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by here for lunch during our montreal trip . it was n't too busy on a tuesday afternoon thankfully so we got our food quickly and found some open seats . their seating is limited but there is a park nearby so that would n't have been a bad idea to take it to go and eat there . we got the half chicken which came with so much fries . the chicken was seasoned so well and the sauce is very good . i thought the half chicken was more than enough to share between two people .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for 9 $ i had half chicken , salad , rice and an insane amount of fries . it 's a good option for not too much money", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wish i could give this place more stars . a crowded and small resto , a bit chaotic if you 're trying to place an order ... the staff is all about business and will put you in your place if you try and cut the line ... but the chicken ! ! ! holy chicken-nes ! ! ! and the fries ! ! ! ! every bite was better than the last one . it took all my might not to finish my half chicken plate ( i stopped myself solely because i wanted to have it for lunch the following day as well ) .. a must try ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! not much to add except that until my last visit last week , i had tolerated the fries as a simple accompaniment to the star ( the chicken with amazing spicy sauce ! ) , but on my last visit , i decided to stray from ordering the usual $ 9.75 plate of half-chicken fries salad . i ordered a full chicken and the fries for 2 people . this time they put the fries separately , in a bag , and this allowed them to be way less soggy . i was able to appreciate their seasoning for the first time this way . anyway , no matter what , it 's a win-win going here ! and pick up some sweets from their bakery section while you 're there , some natas or the cookies and cream type dessert ( called something like cream from heaven ) . yum ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "swiss chalet , step aside . kenny rogers chicken , step aside . this is the best rotisserie chicken you 'll have in your life , and paired with the seasoned french fries , this place earns it 's consistently high rating . a combo consisting of 1 2 chicken , salad and fries with spicy bbq sauce ( for only $ 10 , extremely reasonable for the quality ) is enough to feed two very hungry people . it 's cost effective , it 's delicious , it 's rotisserie romados ! : ) p.s . do n't forget to pick up a portugal custard tarts in the neighborhood ! it 's as authentic as it can get in montreal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unreal . amazing . one of my top restaurants in the world ( no joke ) . it 's true ... there are few seats ( and even less room with winter attire making everyone twice as large ) and you 're served in styrofoam , but when the food is this good , who cares ? we had the poutine romados and 1 4 chicken ( with spicy sauce ) and i 'm now beginning to drool as i type . that 's how good it was . it was also the least expensive meal we had in the city . awesome . fantastic . love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we screwed this dinner up twice . here are some essential tips so you do n't also : 1 ) go no later than 630 . the line explodes after that and you may not get chicken . 2 ) two people should get a whole chicken meal to share . do n't fool yourself thinking you 'll only eat a quarter . this chicken is the crack of the north . 3 ) when they ask `` spicy ? '' say yes . the sauce gets sopped up by the seasoned fries . 4 ) feel free to use us dollars . we got 1-to-1 . miss this place at your own risk .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a montreal classic . my husband is from portugal and trust me when i say they have the best past\u00e9is de nata in the city . best portuguese chicken ! ca n't go wrong with anything in this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is now my go-to place for portuguese chicken . try to go a little while after lunch - say 14h00 so you do n't have to wait in line for 20 minutes ... the chicken is very good and they always have rice to go with it ; ) personally , i find that their spicy sauce is not the best but the chicken is very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simply one of the best rotisserie chicken in montreal . being portuguese this says a lot . when i lived in montreal i loved coming here . it has an authentic atmosphere and no frills attitude . get your chicken , eat here or get out . done . its one of the places i miss the most .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i had to base this review just on the chicken , it 'd be 4 stars . the chicken is indeed phenomenal , and the hot sauce and fries are pretty good too , but the rice is pretty bland and dry , and i was n't a fan of the pastry that came with the meal either . as far as a value meal goes , for $ 8 you get a ton of food . stick to the chicken and you 'll be just fine here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "chicken lovers beware ! this place got one of the best bbq portuguese chicken in montreal ! ! ! price is great , service is fast and it will fill you up ! the staff is just amazing over there ! always happy to serve you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing portuguese-style slowed cooked ( smoked ) meats and fries . get there early for the specials , which sometimes include rabbit or lamb . and do n't ignore the displays : baked goods are good , chorizo is incredible . there are a few places to sit and eat and no table service - only a takeout counter .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was told to eat two things while visiting montreal : bagels ( from whoever your allegiance is to ) and portuguese chicken from romados . this was probably the juiciest chicken i have ever eaten , and it was perfectly paired with bread . i literally teared up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed a quick , kid-pleasing dinner while we were staying with friends , so we popped out to grab a chicken from romados . so good ! we live in a very portuguese neighbourhood in toronto , so we 're no strangers to churrasco , but this stuff was awesome . the piri-piri sauce had me licking the container . we did n't get any sides , since we already had enough at home to make a meal , but i 'm sure they 're just as tasty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chicken is great ... charcoal taste without being burnt or dry . fries are delicious : great colour , great texture and seasoned with steak spice . line is long , but moves pretty fast . even faster if you call ahead . service is efficient and friendly . negative points : the spicy sauce is more of an oil than a sauce . bifana is also too oily .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great chicken , great portion , affordable price . chicken poutine from here is a boon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is pretty good.. it was a long wait to order , but the chicken was good . i would not order a combo again because of the over load of fries .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very delicious chicken . they ran out of bread when we were there ( ... it 's a bakery ... ? ) but we got the chicken plate ( which came with a massive sub roll on the side so we ended up with sandwiches anyway . very good food , good value and i would definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "famous portuguese chicken done right . the spices and sauce give the chicken a distinctive flavor and the fries are also delicious . there 's also some interesting ( international ) bottled beverages to choose from ( whether cola or juices ) . this place can get busy and often has a line but i think it 's worth it for the rich flavorful chicken for a cheap and quick meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered the quarter chicken breast with fries -- simple and delicious . i want to say that the fries were perhaps the best i 've ever had . they were perfectly seasoned hand cut fries -- some very crisp and others pillowy in texture . the seasoning on the chicken was great . i thought the chicken could have been a bit juicier . that 's my only critique . if you 're looking for a big meal that will keep you full all day ( and for a good price ) this is the place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the chicken is so juicy and moist . amazing . was not disappointed even after reading the reviews . also , the fries were perfectly crispy and even more perfect with the chicken jus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there yesterday hoping to get a tasty meal on an empty stomach . sunday night around 6pm . i waited in line 20 mins , and a third of the line had passed . i still had 2 3rds in front of me , so i left , i could n't wait another 40 . i wish i could speak for the chicken , but it looks like not . looks like they need to rethink operations .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "romados was fantastic . super quick , fresh and clean food . lots of portion for the price we paid . we paid about $ 12 dollars for two of us and still couldnt finish all the food . chicken was really good . tender and falling apart from the bone and very tasty . it should be must when visiting montreal : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best chicken in montreal ! and in the whole world ? i love this place : huge portions , amazing fries , delicious flavourful chicken , all that for a very cheap price . it 's always packed , which is a good sign ! a downside is that it 'll be hard to find a seat , but you can walk to mont royal park and eat there if you have the patience ! and if you order a meal deal at the weekend until 2pm , there 's bread and a pastry included ... if you can eat them ! i always make sure i save space for dessert ! go , you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quarter leg meal with one of those guarana antarctica sodas . why order anything else anywhere else ? bring it to the park ( cross rachel and go down bouillon for a minute ) , and clean up after yourself ! if you 're worried it 's going to be busy , call ahead and pick it up from the right side of the window where you usuall place your order .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent poulet , mais les frites \u00e9taient un peu molles . la sauce \u00e9pic\u00e9e \u00e9tait \u00e9galement tr\u00e8s bonne . menu tr\u00e8s abordable . \u00e0 essayer absolument .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "leur poulet est excellent , le service bien organis\u00e9 , agr\u00e9able et les prix abordables .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sometimes i get a major craving for this chicken , on a portuguese bun or with fries and the homemade hot sauce this little 3 foot women slathers on with a paintbrush . i lived next door to it for twelve months and she made me dinner 5 days a week . i will never forget that place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what montreal is all about : you bike , far , up in these neighborhoods where everything may look so common to you and then you end up spotting the place that will make your day . so simple and so unique . rotisserie romados will surprise you . make sure you get the chicken . a `` 1 2 '' will surely fit two starving stomachs and get a good load of spicy sauce . you may ask for breasts or thighs . and by the way , yelpers perhaps do not highlight it enough but the fries are excellent : crunchy and tasting like potatoes . drinks wise , i recommend the imported guarana soda and the portuguese bottled orange soda . but romados is also a pastry and will serve you creamy egg-tart and cappuccinos ( or might be as well-off going to neve right in front of it ) . furthermore , given quality and quantity , prices are unbeatable . 1 2 chicken + 2 sodas + dessert = $ 15 . bread comes free . ps does not accept credit cards but debit ones .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amaziiingggg piri piri chicken ! ! their piri piri sauce is amazing ! ! ! the pasteis de nata are suupperr good . everything is always fresh . one word : amazing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "romados has the best facade . it also has very good chicken . but the service is tremendously bad - as if they knew they were a local institution anyway , so no need to be nice to customers . the cooks cashiers do n't say hi or thanks , there are signs everywhere that you are not allowed to drink anything else than what you buy here , and your chicken is thrown in a plastic bag with about as much care as trump discussing women 's rights . also , prices make no sense - it is more expensive to order 4 portions of chicken and fries than 2 2 portions . how ? ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best chicken ever . great fries . even the buns are rich in bunly goodness . not much space to eat , so plan on taking it home or heading to a nearby park to chow down .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "un des meilleurs poulet de montr\u00e9al et maintenant ils font la livraison . le poulet avec sauce piquante est fabuleux . nous avons command\u00e9 pour un groupe de 10 personnes ( avec frites et salade ) et il en avait pour 12 facilement", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you have to come here . simply , portuguese chicken is incredible . or at least here . also , they give you a huge amount of fries . they 're delicious . bottom line : if you 're anywhere within a 10 mile radius , come here . i do n't care if you have to make a day trip out of it , come here . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family and i decided to try this restaurant after reading various yelp accounts . first , this is part bakery and part takeout joint . the staff is helpful to those of us who do not speak french . the chicken is quite good . not the best i have ever had , but very good . they were out of rice , so i had fries . they were good with pepper on them just like i prefer . there were so many that i could not finish half of them . it came with a small salad buried under the fries . the best thing , of course , is the price . drinks and three meals came in under $ 30.00 . quite a break from expensive montreal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3.5 stars . if food was cheap but really heavy so it would n't be a place i would come very often . service wise , it 's food court style . you place order , pay , grab food when it 's ready then find a table or take it home .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yes , portions and prices are fine and chicken cooked on charcoal enhances flavour- that is assuming the chicken is decent quality . anyone raving about the chicken at this place has never eaten chicken that has n't been pumped with hormones and god knows what else . there is a distinct difference between this and organic farm raised chicken . yes , you get what you pay for but after trying it a number of times and being consistently disappointed about the taste and texture , my friends and i have vowed never to go back . i guess they are able to offer the prices they do due to the sheer volume of mass produced chickens they sell . if only they used a higher quality product ... and were still able to maintain the necessary supply and prices . then again , finding unadulterated food these days is becoming harder and harder and more and more expensive . enjoy the assembly line chicken .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the heaven for budget eating . the most delicious chicken in town + great fries and not to forget amazing salad sauce ! tip : do n't fill yourself with the fries at the beginning . focus on the chicken . if u are not extremely hungry get the quarter + salad and fries . half would be too much . enjoy ! tip2 : do n't forget to have a cup of coffee just across at cafe neve . espresso will help to digest this food : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum - definitely the tastiest chicken i 've eaten in north america - even without the chili sauce ! the chips were tasty , i do n't know what they added to it but it was awesome ! also came with a dessert , but i much preferred the portugese tart i bought = ) if you ca n't read french and are wondering why there are 2 prices for a 1 4 chicken it relates to the part of the chicken you get . i had a 1 2 chicken and definitely recommend getting the thigh ... .mmmm", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious ! ! amazing portuguese chicken . best in the city . good fries . but , really greasy and heavy . be careful !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we trudged all around the plateau looking for a lunch spot on the day after new year 's day , but the city 's restaurant owners must have still be sleeping off their hangovers ( ? ) because nothing was open . nothing except romados , of course . the lineup was huge , but the food was worth the wait . the chicken had n't met the dry fate of so many other chickens before it ( thank god ) . it was spicy and moist and of course greasy , but in a good way . the portion was huge . it came with a heap of fries ( crispy on the outside , creamy on the inside ) and a few bites of salad . i ate so much i did n't eat dinner that night , and i still did n't finish my plate . there are n't many spots to sit , but in better weather it 's not a problem to find someplace outside nearby .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so good ! this is the best rotisserie chicken i ever had . so so so much better than swiss chalet or kfc or popeyes . and it 's pretty cheap . you can smell the good chicken even from far away . strongly suggest going there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did n't like it and even my husband he tried the chicken and i tried the chicken sandwich . i do n't know how does it get this high rank ? and even the place is very narrow to eat we could n't sit together , so my husband and my daughter together in a table and i was alone in other one i tried an egg tart and it was good", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ate here twice on our 5 day trip ! once for lunch and once for dinner . the food is absolutely amazing ! i got a 1 4 dark meat with rice and salad along with a sumol drink ( orange soda ) and it was so lovely . the meat was tender and flavourful and the staff were very friendly . the one problem was that when they asked to pay debit or cash , i asked if they took credit and the lady responded `` we do but i prefer debit '' was sort of odd ... but the nonetheless everything else was great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "though i put 3 stars here , i think 3.5 would be more appropriate . the chicken was tender and tasty , but it was n't the the most special chicken rotisserie ever . like it was good , solid , satisfying , delicious , but i 'm not sure that another perhaps more obscure restaurant could n't do the same ? fries were very good , though again not necessarily exceptional ? overall still a solid experience . portion is very generous so order less or you 'll have a ton of leftovers . i think for one person 1 4 chicken is fine , and you can ask for less fries rice and more salad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place bases it 's success on good quality food and fast service . that 's all i really want .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing chicken ! their spices and sauce are simply addicting ! the fries are delicious as well . the chicken is very oily , which gives it the great taste so i do n't suggest eating it on a daily basis , but for a spur of a moment meal ; fantastic !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow get your rotisserie on here ! this spot is very popular so order to go or come off hours as there 's only 5-6 tables . be sure to order as much as you can to avoid wishing you had more . i got a 1 2 spicy chicken combo covered in fries and small side salad for about $ 9 . whatever that sauce is i 've got to get my hands on it ! it 's spicy sweet barbecuey sauce that got me feenin .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best value-for-your-money portuguese place in montreal . great chicken and friendly service . a must-see .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the chicken is amazing ! the pastel de nata is highly recommended as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't go in here expecting a dining experience . it 's pretty much a fast food counter that delivers . not the fastest as there are tons of tourists that do n't know what they are getting , but the line moves . do yourself a favor and call in your order before hand to save time . the food is excellent ! for $ 11 bucks total , you can have half a chicken and a ton of fries ( you can opt out from the salad and get more fries ) . everything is seasoned really well and you have wonderful flavor in each bite ! the food will definitely hit the spot if you come in hungry . for global customers , this would be one tier higher than nando 's in taste !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best chicken in town ! smoked over charcoal with an either spicy or mild sauce , awesome fries spiced just right , nice little salad with a great little dressing ! add to that some breads , desserts or beverages and you have yourself one heck of a tasty meal ! i recommend calling in advance for pickup to save the line up ! no joke , if you plan on going on weekends be prepared to line up ( there 's a reason they are pretty long , its totally worth it ! ) . bon apetit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "restaurant staff were extremely helpful and friendly , but food was not that great . chicken was dry and portuguese tart was cold and overly sweet . fries were nice and crispy on the outside and soft on the inside , but were extremely salty . rice was bland , but salad and dressing were ok. food did not live up to the hype on this visit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty tasty chicken and fries ! they ran out of rice when i was there . we also had a tart pastry i forgot which one , but it was pretty good ! overall a rather heavy meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i shared the 1 2 chicken and fries + salad with my husband for lunch and it was plenty of food . humongous pile of delicious food for just $ 10 . you wo n't find anything this cheap and tasty around here . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i dont get why people said its good ... its terrible ... very plain , super dry , barely enough dip stuff ... and the salad ? what a joke ... what a complete waste of money , more waste of a chicken actually ... the worst chicken ive had in my entire life ... joke u not , in all seriousness ... i was so pissed ... anyway , ull find out urself when u go there if u do", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place totally rocks ! i got the 1 4 thigh combo , which was a huge portion of chicken , a salad , and an enormous amount of seasoned fries . they pile on the fries over the chicken and salad -- the amount of fries is that much . it also comes with a bread roll , which is very good -- soft and chewy on the inside , and goes great with the chicken . as for the chicken itself , it was incredible . perfectly seasoned and crispy on the outside , and tender and juicy on the inside . so good . plus , it 's a really good deal . you get all of that food for $ 5.99 cad ! i also got an egg tart , which is somewhat similar to the chinese egg tarts . compared to the chinese egg tarts , the filling in the portuguese style is more creamy and sweet , rather than solid and gelatinous . highly recommend this place and will be craving to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "obviously their famous chicken is to die for ! but dont miss out on the ginormous amount of fries and the natas ( get there early to get some ! ) . and what also sets the restaurant appart in my opinion is the amazing staff ! the people there are so nice to their customers ! its a great place for any time of the day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "guys relax ... maybe in montreal you have st hubert and that is why you give this place 5 stars ... the chicken is good , ok , but that 's it . we tried the calamari and it was suspiciously huge pieces and very salty ... the sides are absolutely loaded , too much ... so much it is kind of grotesque ... so ... get two chickens for a party of 6-8 and then ask for the smallest side of salad and the smallest side of potatoes and that will be more than enough for all your party ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the chicken , the chicken . i know everyone in montreal is gaga over the portuguese style chicken here which is flame broiled and shellacked in a savory basting sauce . it 's then served with garnish portion of a salad and a mountain of pomme frites ( french fries for you anglophones ) . for $ 8 , it 's a meal that can possibly serve two . while the chicken was great and one ca n't go wrong with too many fries , the real winner for me was the nata pastries they serve here . flakey cups of puffed pastry filled with caramelized rich custard . delish ! i was even willing to forgive the guy at the counter who excused my nervous broken french with `` bro , i speak english '' after one bite of these delights .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very very good chicken ! however it does n't touch dinos in la.. they should serve it with tortillas rather then bread .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their poutine au poulet was delicious ; freshly made , crispy , well seasoned fries , tasty gravy , cheese , and great chicken , all in abundance for $ 10 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best food bargain on my trip to montreal , thanks yelpers for the suggestion . for under $ 20 we got two half chicken combos and enough tasty chicken and fries to feed us for two meals . i generally do n't eat rotisserie chicken skin , but this chicken had me eating everything but the bones . i liked their salt and pepper seasoned fries . i guess we were lucky , we only had to wait a few minutes to order , and got a seat at a table .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am blessed to be near the best portugeuse and azorean food one can find , but this experience has not been found in the 02116 surrounding area yet ! you go here for the chicken and the chicken , and the chicken ... .and the sauce on the chicken . oh , and those fabulous petite custard pies that they throw in your bag ! opens up for lunch at 11.30 a.m. we got a whole chicken , rice , fries , salad and drinks for about $ 20 cad . picnic over in mt . royal= life is good ! i will be looking forward to going here again le prochain temps je serai en montreal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped here from the great reviews on here and did n't regret it . a pretty unique experience for me to be able to get the poutine ( which was made with the fresh rotisserie chicken , cheese curds , and brown gravy -- and was absolutely delicious ) . i also got the 1 2 chicken meal , which included a salad and a lot of fries . everything was incredible and i would recommend this to anyone . if you want a unique ( ish ) experience in montreal , please come here ( you wo n't regret it ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a fairly long line up when we walked-in but people were willing to wait ; and that says something about the food . there is an option to call 30min ahead and you can pick it up when you 're there to avoid the line up ( which i will be doing next time ) . when my friend and i got our food , there were limited seating but we found one anyway ! the food was delicious ! the spices were on point , fries were good , the chicken was awesome ! i recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a massive ! ! amount of food for such a reasonable price . the chicken is really done to perfection . this place is a stable in the area and for good reason", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we live in the neighborhood , and literally crave romados chicken every 10 days or so ! the seasoning is delicious ( we prefer the spicy option ) , and the natas are yummy ( especially if had fresh in the morning ) ..we have tried other portugese rotisseries in the neighbourhood , but none come close..a must-visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "during my week-long vacation in montreal , i had a sushi buffet , an expensive french dinner and large amounts of poutine . yet , the meal i would have again in a heartbeat , the meal that highlighted my stay , resides in this amazing and humble establishment . for a light lunch , my parents and i split a half a chicken and fries . the chicken was perfectly cooked : mind-blowingly flavorful , juicy and enveloped in the crispiest , tastiest skin . also , the chicken had the perfect level of spiciness , whetting the appetite with each bite . on top of this , the fries were a mountain of pillowy potatoes which i would say rivals if not tops pommes frites in new york . once you put one of these babies in your mouth , you can forget about that diet you 've been trying to keep because you will not be able to control yourself ! i have to stop now because i 'm literally salivating too much . rotisserie romados is definitely worth it in every sense of the word !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by romados to get some take out lunch . i heard about this place through anthony bourdains show `` the layover '' . usually most of my experience of finding places to eat through tv shows have been pretty good . sadly this one was n't one of the good experiences . the portion was great and the price was reasonable but the quality of food was n't anything special . it was just plain old chicken and rice with fries and salad on the side . i was expecting something great but i guess my expectations were too high ! overall it was an ok experience , it 's not like the food was bad or anything . check this place out if you want a reasonably priced chicken place !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ordered from ramados through just eat . when my order was half an hour late , i called the restaurant to ask about it . the woman who answered the phone was incredibly dismissive . i was actually taken aback at how rude she was . when i asked her if she knew how much longer it would be she said she had no way of knowing and hung up on me . i finally got my food and in fact , the chicken is good but my salad arrived soggy . i 'm just shocked at how outrageously bad their customer service is .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i live in the us now and this is one of the places i always go back to when i visit family . best bbq chicken i 've ever had , no doubt about it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and were visiting montreal for a week when we came across romados . their chicken was so unbelievably good that we had to come back three or four times over the course of our vacation . it 's rotisserie style with perfectly crisped skin and delicious sauces . it 's also very reasonably priced . i would highly recommend this too anyone who appreciates chicken ( we both agree it is the best chicken we 've ever had )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely delicious ! so tasty ! the chicken and the fries are to die for . very heavy and kind of hard to digest though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good grilled chicken and salad . the service was helpful and friendly . it was inexpensive for our family dinner . i love the fact that every time we go to montreal , we always have to stop by here for the chicken , a side of sauce plus salad and pastel de nata ! perfect stop everytime", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used to live in mtl and this was a staple of the city ... a fire closed their doors for a while and they took the opportunity to give it a facelift . chicken is second to none . order for pickup to avoid crazy lineups mid day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another must-visit on a trip to montreal . this chicken is absolutely fantastic . the place is small with tables kind of crammed together . get the chicken and eat it in the park a block away . i am not overly crazy about the enormous serving of fries dumped all over the chicken , but after awhile , they do grow on you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tr\u00e8s bon poulet avec la petite sauce piquante c'est succulent . beaucoup trop de frite dans les assiettes . il n'y a pratiquement pas de place dans l'\u00e9tablissement et il faut souvent faire la file pour commander . mieux vaut prendre en take out . jai pas go\u00fbter \u00e0 la poutine mais \u00e7a va l'air intense . j'ai eu envie de donner trois \u00e9toiles \u00e9tant donn\u00e9 la file et le peu de place , mais \u00e9tant donn\u00e9 qu'il s'agit d'une des meilleures r\u00f4tisserie portugaise ( oublier l'inf\u00e2me piri piri ) je lui en ai mis quatres .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love chicken so i had to try some portuguese chicken at romados . i 've had peruvian grilled chicken , southern fried chicken , even filipino chicken . loved them all ! sadly i was n't impressed . although the combo portions are huge here , especially the fries , the flavor was nothing special and the leg quarter i received was slightly burnt . still a good value for $ 9 ( combo with fries and salad was enough for two people ) but nothing i would have a craving to return for . everyone was drinking what looked like berry soda with the word antarctica on the green can . never seen it before but i 'm guessing it 's a portuguese thing . cash or debit card only .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great prices , so make sure to go early to beat the lunch dinner crowd . dark meat was good , but the white meat was slightly too dry . so-so rice . get some other side . not so good pastel de nata . made off site and was delivered very slowly . it was also too sweet . still to try : piri piri chicken , chouri\u00e7o , fries , less time sensitive pastries", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worth the hype is right ... i think this was my highlight of eating in montreal . the sauce on the chicken is some kind of flavour explosion . the portions are huge the atmosphere of get in-get your food- get out is really fun ( seriously it 's like you 're on an episode of seinfeld but the staff are sooo warm and friendly ! ! ) . there is no other chicken like this in the world ! yum ! go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would have loved to give it 4.5 stars . the chicken is excellent . the salad is good . the bread is not really required . the place where it loses half a star is the fries . i love the spices on the fries but there 's just to much salt on them . with a little bit less salt they would be perfect and it would be a 5 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "meilleur poulet de montr\u00e9al , meilleur rapport qualit\u00e9 quantit\u00e9 prix ! belle illustration de la richesse et de la diversit\u00e9 de montr\u00e9al , du qc et du canada ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was great before the renovation , now it 's all hype and pure salt . unfortunate .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "delicious chicken ! ! potatoes fantastic ! ! service is fast . only downside side they are a chicken place that runs out of chicken .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "meilleur poulet \u00e0 montr\u00e9al . les prix sont excellents . le sandwich au porc a++ . service rapide malgr\u00e9 les longues files . si vous prenez un repas , la portion de frites est \u00e9norme et se partage tr\u00e8s bien !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has a long history . how come it 's my first time being here . we two shared a full chicken , with fries and salad , two soups and two drinks . very reasonable price . the seating area is so small and people took some stood for their coats . so be here early or be prepared to eat without seat . we ordered more than we can handle . great chicken , and the spicy sauce was essential . the soup was a creamy potato soup . very bland and thin , nothing special . the fires was not crispy . i like the spices and coating in the fries . next time i will have a whole chicken only , as a take out , only 13.5 $ . the dessert looked so delicious but i did n't get a chance to try them . an extra reason for me to come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bargain deal for a family meal for three . one chicken combo with fries and salad , soda $ 28 . the line goes almost to the door which is an indication that this is a montreal favorite . the chicken was smoky , tender and with a mild spicy sauce . we ate all of it . fries were the one disappointment - huge serving and a bit soft and oily for my taste . they also have chorizo sausage , but most come for the chicken . they also serve pastries and cake which we did n't try , but looked good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went twice in two days with my wife , once for dinner and once for lunch . on both occasions we shared the 1 2 chicken combo , which was filling for the two of us . the chicken was a little dry when we went for dinner but still enjoyable . great value and great taste .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "some great portuguese chicken . we opted for a half chicken -- coated with their spicy sauce . the skin was so good with the flavorful , salty spice coating the exterior . the spicy sauce provided some acidity to the overall flavor.. whenever the chicken started to get old , you can dip it into the oily blend and it adds more depth . service was fairly fast -- and it 's also extremely cheap for a good bit of protein . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is pretty well the best chicken place west of portugal . every minute you wait in line just build the anticipation until you finally get your platter from the nicest woman in the world ( who always hooks you up with extra ) and then that first bite ... oh that first bite - it 's the most satisfying feeling you 've ever had . oh , and what is usually good for two meals will only cost you about $ 8.00 . well worth the wait , but call in advance if you ca n't stand the lineups .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had their portuguese rotisserie chicken combo with fries and salad several times now and the taste has always been great . however their quality is inconsistent making it a hit or miss place . the last time i picked up food for dinner from there , the chicken was undercooked and the skin had a jelly-like texture , which has turned us off this place entirely . the same thing happened to my friend . i hope they work on maintaining their standards as i love their fries and sauce ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "je ne comprends pas l'engouement . j'ai seulement go\u00fbt\u00e9 au poulet mais je m'attendais \u00e0 beaucoup mieux . la sauce \u00e9pic\u00e9e n'est pas \u00e9pic\u00e9e ! le poulet n'est pas assez assaisonn\u00e9 la viande ne go\u00fbte rien de sp\u00e9cial . aussi je trouvais que la viande ne se s\u00e9parait pas ais\u00e9ment des os ce qui veut dire il me semble que la viande n'\u00e9tait pas assez cuite . ils auraient pu mieux concevoir l'espace pour manger , c'est un peu n'importe quoi manger tass\u00e9s comme des sardines \u00e0 dix centim\u00e8tres des gens qui attendent . mais ce n'est pas dispendieux .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is good . i mean who does n't love chicken . i got the dark meat . i just wish the chicken had a crisper skin and the sauce had more spice to it . the fries were very salty in my opinion . they were super salty , and i love salt . maybe whoever was making them was a bit heavy handed with the salt shaker this time around , i do n't know . i also wish there was either more of the sauce for the fries or some other condiments . it 's still a good restaurant . they move through orders fast . they have a good system down . there is not a lot of seating here by the way , but if you 've got hankering for chicken , you 'll still probably enjoy it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went in with high expectations after reading the reviews . service was a bit slow , but i wo n't dock them any stars for that because i focus on the food . after reading the rave reviews , i ordered a whole chicken combo -- i thought it 'd be great to have leftovers . alas , i found the chicken disappointing . it seems to have been cooked well -- not dry and the skin was somewhat crisp . the main problem is that it had an unusual `` off '' flavor ( almost like a spoiled taste ) , which i think comes from the hot sauce that they slathered on it . maybe it 's just me , but i find it rather unpleasant . a whole chicken combo ( which they call a family combo ) includes an ungodly amount of fries ( which were pretty decent ) and a pretty good salad . i 'm sad this was n't as amazing as other reviews make it out to be .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we stopped by here on our way to the park , and as usual , there was a pretty long lineup . fortunately , the lineup moves pretty quickly . overall the food was pretty good , especially the fries , and the prices are great - $ 10 for a meal . that being stated , we were n't happy with the portion size of the chicken breast - just too small . also , maybe we were unlucky , but the chicken was a touch dry . i 've been to other portuguese rotisseries that i thought were better , but i would still come back here if in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "holy asdfghjkl . what is this heaven that i 've found on earth ? i am a chicken lover . j'adore le poulet ! ! and an even greater fries lover . and this place does not kid about their fries . if there 's one thing that can earn my respect for an eatery ( obviously besides good food ) , it 's massive portions . they stuff that poor styrofoam box with so much fries ohhhhhh mannnnnn . so delicious . and free portuguese bread -- not sure what the proper term is but it 's fantastic . i was heart broken when i found out that there was n't a nando 's here but brahh , this is arguably better . i think they only take debit cash which does n't really affect me so 5 freaking stars for you glen coco .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my fianc\u00e9 had the 1 4 chicken with spicy sauce and i had their poutine with chicken . it was amazing ! ! ! i love their poutine , it was delicious and worth the calories !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "incredible ! chicken is fantastic . so tasty ! their chicken poutine is absolutely fantastic . deserts are great too . custard pies are excellent . prices are incredibly reasonable . everyone should try this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "half chicken under 12 $ with a mountain of fries . hell yeah ! need i say more ? ok . considered one of montreal 's best chicken an establishment that has been serving locals and visitors over 20yrs and yet have i hearf of a complaint about their chicken . its a must if you are around the platteau area . st-hubert and scores can suck it , this is where its at . take it with the hot sauce gives it an amazing kick .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not as impressive as the lines would have you believe , but it 's ridiculously cheap and huge ( at least , the amount of fries are ) ! hubby and got the half chicken platter to share - half a chicken , small salad , and an insane amount of fries ( greasy , heavy , soggy ) on top . i like that they give you a little tart to have as dessert ! we also purchased a portuguese egg tart which was creamy and sweet and delightful . not someplace i 'd recommend to go as a tourist as it 's more of a grocery store deli with only 2 tables , but it 's good food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good price value . everything on the menu is pretty good , but they are competing with a lot of good portuguese places in the area . the service could be a bit more friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the fresh grilled chicken ( and you have to adore the scene with a whole row of the little birds being flipped together over fire ) but the egg tarts fell pretty flat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a classic . it 's not like innovative , they have had the same menu items forever ... but they deliver , the chicken is good !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ive been going to romados for years and its hands down the best grilled chicken you can eat ... the natas are also very good ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the chicken is tres tres bien . especially the sauce . definitely will be there again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quite simply : kick-ass portuguese chickens . get the spicy peri-peri sauce ! the fries are a tasty side dish . great value ! be prepared to wait in line , but it 's worth it , and you can peruse the pastries behind the counter to buy some dessert or breakfast for the next day . perfect for the first night in our vacation apartment , when we were n't ready to cook or go out to a nice restaurant yet . will return this summer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is absolutely the most amazing chicken that i have had . their chicken comes with a sauce on top that is to die for and you can even ask them to put it on the fries . the place is a small and mostly catered for takeout , nevetheless , there are some places to sit . its not a place to go have a nice sit down but if you want the most amazing chicken and best portugese sause to take home or eat fast then this is where you need to go . i have eaten at the best restaurant in montreal and most expensive and this place is one of my favourites !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yay finally got to try romados.. really loved it.. simple portugese chicken per quantity or in a sandwich . nice big servings . excellent crispy french fries . and a real feeling of experience and systematic quality to the place . i really loved the food . simple , but nice and clean . i would n't cross down for it , but have found a favorite chicken place in the plateau .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the first time i try to eat here . the chicken is plain not taste marinade or hot sauce . to much oily . the price is very good . the place to seat is very tight", "score": "2"}
{"review": "their chicken is best ! but make sure you go before the peak times as the line ups are really long . reasonably priced as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been getting the half-chicken combo for more than 10 years and just ordered a chicken sandwich thinking it would be a filling snack . nope . a .50c bun and a leg 's worth of chicken for $ 7.00 + tax . the sandwich looked pretty bare and i asked for lettuce & tomato and was told it would be $ 1.00 extra . come on guys ! definitely stick to the combos for the best value .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best deal in the plateau . get the half or quarter chicken plate . the chicken is juicy and they fill your box to the top with fries . i swear the woman who serves you is a saint . call ahead to avoid the line . also if you go before two it comes with free dessert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic portuguese chicken . i have had it from many different places , but this one is different and amazing . i love the fact that the potatoes are french fries . hot sauce is delicious . this is definitely my go-to rotisserie place when i am in montreal . recommend 100 % .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't let the line up scare you , it moves quicker than it looks . this is hands down the best chicken you 'll find in montreal . the poutine is great , and boy i 'm glad they now do delivery . the staff are nice which is surprising considering the volume they deal with . note : have your order ready by the time you arrive to the front , otherwise the crowd of people behind you might string you up by your toes . it does n't matter what you order on the menu , you 'll love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best portuguese restaurant in montreal . it has a great atmosphere and i love the fact that the chickens are made fresh and so spicy . i ordered the fries and burger combo and my take out box was so full with their fries which is so delicious ! ! it 's perfect . i 'd recommend it to all as it 's authentic and give you a great portuguese fix ! in addition , i also had their egg tart which is my fav . loved it all . no bad reviews on them for sure . i 'll be back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the chicken is sooooo tasty ! place is crowded , loud , and hot to eat-in during the summer , but it is definitely worth it . line was long , but moved quickly . order the spicy sauce for a real kick . meal comes with fries , salad , and dinner roll ( we opted for more fries over rice ) . chicken falls off the bone and is quite tasty . very greasy , but hits the spot . and super cheap considering it 's so much food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best chicken i 've ever had . ever . it 's also an incredible value . it 's fairly priced and more than anyone can eat . i wish i lived in montreal just so i could eat here daily .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as far as portuguese chicken goes in montreal , this is definitely my go-to place . i usually take it out since it is not the greatest restaurant to it at . even though i 've tried a bunch of place in portugal , this is still my top place . the waiting line is usually not bad , employees are usually friendly , and it is perfect to bring back at home and enjoy with a cold beer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "another montreal staple ! here 's the deal : portuguese chicken is delicious , and romados makes some damn good portuguese chicken . quality price : for around $ 8- $ 9 you 'll get a styrofoam box with more chicken , fries and salad than any regular human should eat in one sitting . if you do n't consider yourself a regular human though ( like most of my friends ) , you 'll find yourself more than satisfied . if you 're in the mood for being reasonable ( or if you 're just not down with a post-meal food coma ) , ask to replace your fries with more salad . this is also a good low-carb slow-carb keto option .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first meal in montreal was a success ! ordered a whole chicken and poutine , which was way more than enough for 2 people . the chicken was very flavorful and moist . the poutine was similarly delicious . my first poutine so i ca n't compare to traditional versions ( this had chicken , fries , gravy and cheese - what 's not to like ? ) . loved everything about this meal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a line so call ahead and save yourself some time . the chicken here is legendary , it 's like a flavor grenade went off in your mouth . crispy skin , juicy , juicy chicken and nice spice . i can eat and i usually split a half chicken meal with my partner . it 's a half chicken with a salad and a boatload of fries on top . get the spicy sauce- it 's not super spicy but it 's very flavorful . oh , and grab an egg tart for dessert . you must try it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i was really young i remember my dad bringing us home ramados chicken for dinner sometimes when he had business meetings downtown . the taste of ramados chicken is really nostalgic to me since i 've been eating it since i was a little girl . i went back yesterday with my partner , i had the 1 2 spicy chicken with fries , salad , rice and a nata on the side , while they had the chicken poutine . we both loved it , i was in heaven eating the delicious food after waiting something crazy like 3 years . still as good as i remember !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "update : april 2016 so i walked over a mile to eat here this chilly late april afternoon and was not disappointed . even better than the last time . yes , great chicken and very nice staff helping this non-francophone . this is a great place just beware that they do not accept credit cards , only debit cards or cash .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm dying after eating the half-chicken combo with fries , but it was definitely worth it . see you at the other side .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so good we went back twice in the row . the chicken was amazing and do n't forget to get the custard tart . skip the salad and just go for the whole chicken and small fries ( enough for 3 people ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only tried their portuguese egg tarts here , but that 's all i wanted and they were delicious . perfectly flaky crust and creamy egg tart . i 'm coming back here for my egg tart fix next time i 'm in town !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "c'est la place pour manger du bon poulet . les portions sont tr\u00e8s g\u00e9n\u00e9reuses , les frites savoureuses . les pasteis de nata sont \u00e0 go\u00fbter \u00e9galement car rien de mieux qu'une touche sucr\u00e9e pour finir un bon repas . pour deux , nous en avons eu pour moins de trente pi\u00e8ces et \u00e0 montr\u00e9al , c'est assez rare de bien manger pour si peu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved romados the first time i went , but i 've been several more times since and for some reason the quality seems to have fallen . the chicken was really dry the last time i had it and the flavour was not as good as it used to be . i 'm not quite sure what changed but i am disappointed and likely will not return !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the best portuguese style chicken in town . albeit a more take out place than restaurant ( few tables ) . good price , good value but most of all amazing taste . chicken comes in two flavours mild and spicy.been going here for over 15 years ( before it burned and got re-built ) and it is consistently good . wish they had good seating area but there is a park not far .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't even live in montreal and i 've been here a dozen times since it re-opened . it still is amazing good , awesome value . i 'm sure there have been other reviews of the poutine they serve up these days . but regardless ... that is what i had this time around and it was just heaven . romados chips + 1 4 chicken + gravy made from the spicy sauce = deliciousness . if you have n't gotten it yet go and do that now . also as a word of caution - the poutine portion is enormous . always call ahead before coming . it 's not like they take your order over the phone and set it aside ; it just allows you to rock up in front of everyone and get your order in . silly system but might as well take use of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome chicken ! the place has no available seats ever ( which somehow makes you like it more ) , the fries are rediculously good , and the chicken is otherworldly . then you can skip across the street to cafe neve which will rock your world again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has the best portuguese chicken in town ! you just wait in line and order a quarter , half , or whole chicken ( do get it spicy ! ) , plus salad and fries on the side . at the cashier , you pick up bread and order dessert from their glass counter filled with delectable treats , and sit at one of the bars-tooled tables and dig in . the chicken is crispy , well seasoned , and cooked to perfection . the fries are fresh , sweet , and crunchy ; you can dip them in the chicken 's spicy sauce . and the salad dressing is just perfect !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "found this place on yelp and we ordered the thigh combo . it was good , but i 've had better portuguese chicken at nandos to be honest . the chicken was covered in a huge amount of oil . it was pretty good value however i definitely expected more . we thought the thigh combo would come with salad , rice and chips however i think it is only if you order a certain cut you get the rice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "luckily we went there several times but no need to wait in a long line every time . the problem is if you 'd like to eat there , there 's no much seats . we two shared 1 2 chicken with fries and salads and finally got quite full . i like this portuguese chicken , the sauce is good , although i think the texture is soft but not tender enough . the tarts is a little bit sweet for me , and i supposed it would be served freshly baked as bagels but not . anyway , it 's recommended ! chicken is good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is good , the line is long ( call ahead ) and it is cheap ! fries are sweet , did not see any rice maybe it was under the pounds of fries ! i am not sure i would do the line again unless i was short on cash . more of a value than a virtue .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we were directed to this place for quick pick up and go dinner for the family . you walk in then order from the cooks what you want . the cook we spoke with spoke very little english but after a few finger pointing we were good to go . we got 4 chickenbreast combos which came with half a roasted chickenbreast a small salad and a ridiculous amount of fries . i have two teanagers . that was a hit with them . you are asked if you want spicy or regular sauce poured on top . i went for spicy and it was awesome ! not too hot for you novices out there . you move to the right to pay but they should move the cash register to the right of the pastries ! there were some incredible looking deserts that i would have gladly inquired about had my wife not already paid for our meal ! i guess i 'll just have to come back for desert !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "large serving of the price . the food was extremely good just like how other reviews mentioned . i got a 1 2 chicken combo with frites and salad and three pasties de nata . it was well with the wait ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "l'essayer c'est l'adopter !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best poutine i 've ever had ( and i had a lot ) ! a friend of mine introduced me to this awesome place and i want to go back there badly . the fries , cheese , sauce and chicken are perfectly cooked and seasoned that when it mixes in your mouth it 's sunshine for your tastebuds . no 5-star rating because they do n't deliver in the sud-ouest yet . soon , maybe ? please ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't quite understand the hype ramados receives . the wait is always very long and i 've been disappointed with the food . the chicken cooked in charcoal has a nice flavour . it would be so much better if they basted it while cooking instead of drowning it in piri piri sauce after cooking . i find the skin often comes out soggy . their fries are well seasoned but frequently undercooked . when all you serve is fries and chicken , you have to deliver it to perfection every time . there are so many choices for portuguese chicken in montreal , it 's a question of taste but ramados is far from toping this list in my book .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ca n't add much beyond echoing the other positive reviews . portions are large . the fries have an excellent flavor , the chicken is great , and the sandwich roll complements the bird perfectly . great combination there , with the mildly spicy sauce , charred chicken , and great portuguese bread .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even an ever-mooching girlfriend could n't help me finish the cavernous bed of fries on which my amazingly spicy pork lay , and all that for a mere 8 bucks ! go during off-hours when it 's quick .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chicken was amazing . barely had any fries because they were all eaten by my friends when i finally had a chance to grab a plate . the natas ( sp ? ) are to die for ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "poulet : piquant . cuit aux charbons ; cuisson toujours parfaite . tendre . excellent ! sauce de cuisson ... miam ! ! poutine au poulet : la sauce est excellente . vraiment tr\u00e8s rassasiant !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "order the 1 2 chicken with fries and salad . it was good but the sauce they added was just oil . the bottom of the container was full of oil . it was delicious though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's worth all the hype ! ! cheap , delicious , spicy , it ca n't get any better than romados . i do n't know what they put in that spicy sauce they have on their chicken , but god damn is it addictive ! their egg tarts are also excellent but you probably wo n't have any more space left after you 're done with the chicken and huge pile of fries !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had `` portuguese chicken place '' in my home jurisdiction and always order `` 1 4 white '' - chicken breast meat , fries , some kind of salad . i ordered the same at romados and this place met expectations . chicken meat was juicy ( i skipped the skin as i usually do ) ; they brushed a sauce over it which was tasty ( i got the mild sauce , but i believe customers have a choice of mild or hot ) . fries ( plain frites ) are delicious . salad was a green salad - lettuce , tomatoes , red onions , with a vinaigrette - overall good balance of flavors in the combo order .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overrated chicken . i got the one with spicy oil on it . honestly i was underwhelmed . the portugese egg tart on the other hand was the bomb , nice crispy skin and firm filling , so much better than chinatown egg tarts . i give 5 stars for the pastel de nata , 3 for the chicken .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the portuguese chicken , fries could be a bit crispier on the edges . good natas for dessert .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the smell you get from this place as you walk up to it is enchanting . being portuguese i basically took the reigns for ordering for my friends the chicken was amazing perfectly tender with crispy fries and an awesome spicy sauce . if i lived in montreal this place would be the death of me . i also bought 6 pastel de nata ( custard dessert with a flaky crust ) by far the best version i 've had in a while . i usually get them in ct but these were defiantly memorable . btw you get a 1 2 chicken fries and salad for 9.95 theres no beating that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic . the menu is limited , but the chicken is tender and flavorful and you get far too much food for your money . i got the 1 4 chicken which came with rice , fries as well as rolls . i got my money 's worth and then some .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are in the area and hungry , there is no better option than to order a quarter chicken and fries and ramados . montreal is home to some of the best portuguese rotisserie restaurants , but none offering charcoal-fired chicken at affordable prices like ramados . the combos are packed with generous servings of chicken , fries , and salad , so there are no worries of leaving unsatisfied . do n't forget to order some natas to finish your meal ! ramados is a take-out restaurant , but there are two or three tables inside . however , there is no better place to enjoy your saucy , charred chicken than the nearby park on a sunny afternoon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found this place here on yelp and it did not disappoint . i was a little confused at first because i did n't realize this place was not a typical sit down style restaurant . i came with a group of 4 people and we had to split up in two 's to eat . if we would have know in advance , we would have planned it different . nonetheless , the chicken was delicious . the meat just fell off the bone and it had the just right kind of spiciness to it . it was definitely some of the best barbecue chicken i 've ever had . the sauce on the chicken made the fries that come with it much better too . they were just sitting in the juices and the sauce adding flavor the perfectly done fries . the price was pretty reasonable as well . if i lived here , i would definitely visit this place often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is easily one of my favourite spots for portuguese chicken in the city . this is n't really a sit down restaurant although there is some seating inside . you can get a great meal of delicious grilled portuguese chicken with salad and fries for a very reasonable price . i do n't have a whole lot to say about this place other than the fact that it 's a must try for portuguese chicken in montreal , i always find myself comparing other places to it to see if they can match the deliciousness that is romados !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good price for quality , although the dish is not beautiful and french fries look messy but it is delicious . yummy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is great . food is excellent and i love taking take out and walking to the mountain to have a picnic in the parc .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "4.5 stars . they do three things ( mostly ) : chicken , frites , and salad . i think there 's also sausage . but they do really good chicken and frites . salad was mostly onions . we got 1 2 a chicken , fries and salad for 2 , plus 2 desserts and a drink for $ 35 . super quick , not a lot of places to sit down . more to go style . big bakery case with lots of goodies that are indeed tasty . one of our best meals in montr\u00e9al , especially after we 've had so many more expensive misses .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my second time eating here and this time i tried their poutine , the chicken and the poutine were delicious ! my friends fell in love with this place and it was their first time eating poutine and they screamed out more poutine on our way back to new haven ! craving for more delicious chicken & poutine from this place ! ! ! be aware they do not take credit card . cash or debit only !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the french fries are so amazing ! seriously one of my favorite fries i 've ever had and they give so much ! bf got the 1 4 chicken , which he also was raving about . the line was a little long on a saturday around lunch time and there was no where to sit , but it was totally worth it . btw - some egg pastry custard thing looked good , but was kind of gross - and i love dessert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my absolute pet peeves is going to a restaurant and being served dry chicken . fortunately , this is not the case ! this used to be one of my favorite places to grab lunch in montreal . the chicken is very juicy and tender . it is seasoned perfectly with tons of flavor from each bite . everything is fairly priced and the portions they give are reasonable . definitely a great place , unfortunately it is a bit far and inconvenient to go.very satisfied and highly recommended !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hm not quite sure if i went on a bad day..but my chicken was soooooo salty and therefore the poutine i ordered was salty as well because they put the same chicken on top . i couldnt finish it . the only thing i would give 5 stars to is their egg custard pies..they were delicious ! i went back later that day just for another .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "yum and a great deal ! ! finger licking good chicken ! and give the portuguese egg tart a try ! the super flaky crust with rich custard filling was delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum yum yum ! i am remembering the chicken and fries right now and i just want to salivate ! we came here based on anthony bourdain 's visit and i was determined to try . so tender , so flavorful ! the chicken and fries were fully drenched with that `` crack sauce . '' when i say crack sauce , i mean it is so addicting you do n't want to stop eating . i do n't recall the exact price of the meal but i shared with my boyfriend and it was more than enough food ! there was a long line but it moved quickly and especially so when you know what you order . the seating is really small but you can easily take it to go at a nearby parks ( seems to be parks are a plenty in montreal ) . luckily we found a table and chowed down ! there is n't much space but you begin to forget about it once you eat . it is definitely chicken and fries to try and i can see myself coming here again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a cold snowy night in montreal and the most important question pops up ... .what do we eat ? ! my friend suggested we take out from romados so we did . i will admit , i was n't too excited for just chicken , but omg it was so worth it . we split a meal of a whole chicken , fries and salad . the salad was huge and i swear the fries were never ending and they were really good fries too ! the chicken was moist and spicy and so delicious , i now dream of it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "must try . famous portuguese chicken spot . the chicken was amazing . some of the best i 've had . the fries were seasoned with salt and pepper and were really good . the dressing on the salad was also really good . 2 1 4 leg dinners with water and 2 buns for $ 20 . very affordable . their natage must be very popular because they sold out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . the chicken is made to perfection and the fries are excellent . one of the best places to get amazing portuguese chicken . the pastries are excellent as well . furthermore , this place is not expensive . i suggest you call ahead of time to order your meal , because you could be faced with waiting in line when you get there , although the line is never a long wait . do n't forget to ask for an extra helping of their amazing sauce , which can be served spicy or not . this sauce goes well with their fries . yummy ! ! definitely a 5 star ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just went back last week to get some crazy-man-on-chicken love . the recent shout-out on anthony bourdain 's the layover montreal episode was well deserved , but will likely make it harder to get a seat going forward . damn .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really nice quality chicken . mountain of fries . tiny but delicious salad . big old roll . $ 8 . you can feed your family very affordably here ! definitely give this place a try . i would say that the flavour of their chicken varies but is very nice and clean . toooo many fries but if you are into that go for it . i want to try their baked goods soon . recommended . try maybe to call ahead- they have a separate line for those who have pre-ordered . might be a way to avoid the lines !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the chicken comes in huge proportion compared to the price ! please do check it out with an empty stomach .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a montreal staple , romados serves up some damn good portuguese chicken along with other bar b q specialties . the fries doused in herbs and spices give the meal a nice side piece . romados doubles up as a bakery serving fresh baked breads and pastries for ya sweet tooth . finish off the meal with a refreshing drink that you ca n't find at your local grocery store . spacing is limited during busy hours but take out makes for a nice little picnic at the park down the street ( mont-royal and parc jeanne-mance to the west and parc lafontaine to the east ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "c'est vraiment the place pour le poulet ! vraiment bon , pas cher , et la quantit\u00e9 est \u00e9norme ! un conseil : \u00e9vitez la poutine et prenez un vrai morceau de poulet !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good food - some of the best chicken i 've ever had ! it was seasoned really well , and very juicy , but might be a little greasy for some tastes . the chicken dinners come with fries and a salad . the salad was simple with a really nice mustardy dressing . the seasoned fries were plentiful and had the potential to be amazing but they were a little lame . i feel like they maybe they were prepared in advance . not a lot of seating , so you may be better off taking it to go . service was fast and friendly . romados was a good choice for a night out on the town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the portuguese chicken from this place is fantastic . if you go with one of their combos , you get a large serving of chicken and fries with a side salad . i ordered a chicken sandwich with spicy oil on the bun . everything was delicious , though the place itself was n't very welcoming with very little seating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super moist chicken , and great desserts ! protip - dont take pics of their chicken behind in the kitchen i was yelled at in french by a very angry lady . we ordered half a chicken and sides to share with some friends . the spicy sauce was really tasty but not quite spicy so hot food friends might be disappointed . i 'd come here as a regular for sure if i lived nearby !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "superbe adresse pour les amateurs de poulet ! et que dire des frites ... un r\u00e9gale . et tout ca pour un petit prix !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this chicken must of had voodoo performed on it because nothing can be this delicious . i went with half a chicken and it still was n't enough . i 'm officially on the quest to find chicken that can top this but i think i 'm just being delusional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "montreal de denenebilecek h\u0131zl\u0131 se\u00e7eneklerden birisi . tavuk olduk\u00e7a ba\u015far\u0131l\u0131 sos lezzetli patates beklenilenden daha \u00e7ok ve lezzetli", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the chicken is great and juicy and the sauce is tasty -but greasy- . best portuguese chicken i 've tasted in montreal . the fries used to be amazing before they renovated but now they are just ok . i think they started skimping on the spices with the fries and sadly their fries were better than their chicken for comfort food , imho . plain salad and rice . the sandwiches are just the chicken in a bun . nothing fancy . the pastries and bread are n't worth it , to be honest . tip : the seating is limited and is that of a deli . if you are n't planing on eating in , i recommend ordering ahead of time via phone . you do not want to be stuck in one of the busy long line on a weekend . you have your own much shorter line if you order by phone .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "local renov\u00e9 , file d'attente plus rapide , prix plus elev\u00e9 aussi mais on se bourre avec les frites qui debordent de l'assiette : ) ) always good after a bike ride or after weeds at tam tam ; )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hearing great things i decided to try romados with a friend . we both got the chicken sandwiches and fries . i would definitely recommend the food to go because this is not a sit down place . it was very difficult to get a seat and it was very busy . i liked the sandwich but i believe it is over-hyped . the line was also very long .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "saltiest chicken i 've ever had . literally burned just to eat but i had showed up at the end of the day so maybe it was just a bad batch .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "1 word : delicious ! ! ! the portions are just right & the prices are even better . my bf picked this lil old montreal gem & i 'm glad he did . he had the 1 2 chicken & i had the 1 4 leg . we had 2 sauce options - he chose spicy & i chose sweet . amazing ! ! ! each option came with fries ( the sauce was added to that as well ) and salad . both our meal with 2 sparkling pineapple drinks came to a whopping $ 25 ! ! ! ! ! ! i 'm rounding up by the way . this place is a must when in old montreal . little hole in the wall but absolutely delicious food . next time we may try the pastries .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first meal in montreal and this place did n't disappoint . the address on the door says 123 , there is n't another place around but i was a little confused . the chicken meal was huge and i definitely could n't finish all of the food i had ordered with the half chicken meal . the chicken itself was delicious , particularly the skin and the sauce that came with it . the chicken did n't ruin chicken for me , as there were some pieces that were far less moist than others , but overall , it was a delicious piece of chicken , perfectly complimented by the soft but flavorful french fries .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the chicken is good . but the expectation was so high , the reality does n't keep up . so nah .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there is usually a line but they process very quickly . we tried the spicy chicken and it was kind of dry . they give a lot of french fries so we did n't need to order two entrees with fries but instead ordered one entree with fries and added additional chicken pieces and it was enough to feed three of us . it 's a cheap meal located in a residential neighborhood . definitely off the beaten path for us tourist . the nata was ok . it would have tasted better if they served it warm or at least at room temp .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "why do i try other portugese chicken places ? i should always go here . always . ps - they close at 8pm , and may run out of chicken before then , so get there early .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was an amazing experience to try portuguese cuisine in montreal . we had the chicken and fries . their menu is thin but they are all delicious food nonetheless . their bakery have few different tarts authentic style for portugal . a must try place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible chichen sandwich full of bones and the spicy sauce and fries are loaded with salt . i 'm not going back anymore . this place is not as good as it used to be . desert was undercooked such a big disappointment", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good priced , not too sure what the hype is about the chicken , it did n't taste out of the world to me . definitely seems healthier than other options , does n't leave a greasy feeling in your mouth .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the best portuguese chicken in montreal . this is the best portuguese chicken in quebec . this is the best portuguese chicken in canada . oh , the portuguese tarts are rather awesome as well : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to romados quite a few times , always leaving satisfied . the chicken meals are packed with flavours . the spicy sauce , the salad dressing , the fries seasoning , everything is perfectly done . however , the chicken itself is a bit too dry for my liking . and the dining room is too small for the number of diners .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cheap price for the huge portion . i ordered 1 2 chicken with fries and salad . chicken was so good . fries and salad was okay , nothing special . i could n't even finish half of those fries . great choice if you are hungry and do n't want to go spend a lot of money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what can i say , romados romados . you 're a tasty lover ; ) you 're not coming to romados for the ambience . in fact , i 've never actually eaten at romados . sometimes the lineups are very long . the wait is worth it though because the bbq chicken is that good , hands down . big portion , little price . fries are nicely seasoned but very greasy . romados is best with a side of netflix or the park when the weather is nice ! outside of that : great meal , great value , and great bbq chicken . once the fries get cold you should throw them out because they wo n't be edible anymore . you 'll know when you 're in a romados kinda mood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! probably the best portuguese chicken i 've had . the seating is not the most comfortable nor is the most spacious but who cares really ... the chicken is on point . please order it with the spicy sauce , it 's excellent !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "three words for this place : grub as feeze ! i ate here only once on my very first visit to montreal , and i still think about my meal that day and salivate just a 'lil . i saw a few different establishments advertising `` portuguese rotisserie chicken '' in montreal , and decided that i would do some yelping to determine the best location to ingest aforementioned chicken ( which was new to my quarter-portuguese heritage self -- is this a canadian thing ? ! ) . yelpers did not fail me -- my two-piece chicken meal with fries and side salad was tha bizness ! i was even able to procure a grape fanta as my beverage -- what ? ! seating is indeed a problem though -- i got my meal to-go and walked the block-and-a-half up to the small parq des ameriques , and consumed this meal-from-the-gods out of the styrofoam box on a park bench . and when they ask `` spicy ? '' say yes . or , sorry -- `` oui ! '' or `` sim ! ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummy chicken ! really good food . i have nothing bad to say about their food . i loved it . i would only say , at least have one person behind the counter , serving food , that speaks english ! i do n't eat beef and could n't get anyone there to tell me if the poutine broth had beef in it . it was hell for those few minutes i went back and forth with them . i understand you are in montreal , and you mainly speak french here , but how can you ignore the fact that it is a big tourism city . and , the international language happens to be english . i wish i could say i was the only one it happened to . it happened to another person as i was paying . any who . if you eat everything and do n't care to find out what else could be in their food outside of chicken , it 's a great place . food is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the chicken and desserts . fries as well ! but always busy the place so recommend to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "easily one of the best cheap meals involving chicken i 've ever eaten . there are two lines , one for order and the other was for pre-order . i had to use google translate to figure that out . my gf and i got there around 7pm and the line up was long but moved steadily , took about 15 minutes to reach the front with around 8 people ahead of us . ordered the half chicken ( spicy ) with fries and salad for $ 9.75 . got to the hotel and opened up the container and was in shock at how much fries there were . the chicken was moist and flavourful and the fries were a bit soggy but pretty good over all . the hot sauce was not spicy but had a nice taste to it . overall we were very pleased with the meal and would definitely go there again when we get a chance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best portuguese chicken in montreal . the sauce is just so good . it 's worth it to take it spicy . there is always a long line up , but since they renovated , it 's a lot faster and they added seats too . definitely a place to try if you 're visiting the city !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we found this place through yelp . it is out of the way but not too hard to find . chicken was like crack ! ( yaaaas ) fries ( yaaaas ) half chicken with a ton and a half of fries with side salad for under $ 10 ! the only down side to this place is that it is n't a sit down place . only had 6 small tables on the side with such a small place . fast service ad good price for the amount food . would recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best portuguese chicken in all of montreal . almost no waiting even in busy hours , as a tourist in montreal i was sooo happy to find this local jewel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved the chicken , deserves the hype , price is good . would definitely go back . place is on the small side , be prepared for a bit of a wait to sit down .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for a chicken breast , salad and fry combo - priced at $ 10 - ca n't go wrong . can upgrade fries to poutine for extra $ 3 . chicken could use a little more seasoning or smoke flavor. , but servers are great - gave me a sample of hot sauce before i ordered . huge selection of pastries . minimal seating . bring a big appetite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "update - i returned after 5 years . it 's still the same deal : plenty of fries , chicken , and a homeopathic dose of salad . but that 's ok. you 're not going there if you 're vegetarian or on diet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really great portuguese chicken , fries are soooo yummy and the natas are the best in town ! best to call ahead and put in your order as the line ups are nuts at peak times . also you 'll get better service if you speak french ... just sayin '", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the chicken ! used to have it every sunday , moved from montreal but every time we come back this is our first stop , bringing home at least 2 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "romados used to be this great portuguese chicken store but lately the quality of the food has been very unstable . sometimes , i will get a nicely grilled very flavourful chicken , sometimes , the chicken lacks seasoning and sometimes , the chicken is way too salty . however , i am glad to that their portion size are just as huge . romans is a decent place to grab a quick dinner . however , if you are looking for the best portuguese chicken , i would suggest ma poule mouille down on couple of blocks on rachel .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good a bit over hyped but solid chicken nirvana . wish they provided more salad rather than cover everything in french fries . not sure why a dinner roll goes with the meal too many carbs . my total with a vitamin water and $ 5 of their magic spices with half a chicken was $ 21 or around $ 15 without the spices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "let 's talk about their chicken . it is the most moist and delicious portuguese style chicken i have ever had . the chicken is tender and falls right off the bone . their fries are hand cut and so tasty . they are seasoned with the perfect amount of salt and pepper . their pricing is very reasonable for the amount of food you get . a combo of a 1 4 chicken leg , fries and salad is plenty for 2 people or 1 ( if you want to have a very hearty meal ) and it only costs $ 8 before tax ! their portuguese tarts are very good as well ! i tried their almond tart and it was good . not too sweet which was a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , i just popped in here to take a look , and found these portuguese egg tarts which i have n't had since my trip to lisbon . they are great , in lisbon i was eating 2 or 3 of them a day , i liked them so much ! so at this wonderful bakery on rachel street i bought two of these lovely pasteis de nata and ate them for a treat . they were delicious ! a taste just like i remembered from portugal ! obrigado !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my heart ( and stomach ) is wavering : who has the better chicken in town ? romados or coco rico ? romados ' chicken is a bit smoky and has different layers of flavor ( tangy . spicy ) i 'm literally biting and chewing on all the bones . fries are delicious with the spicy sauce ... and do they serve them by the bucket or something ? coco rico 's chicken is a different specie . bigger , juicy , and meat falls off the bone . it 's less flavorful in terms of spices but it 's so tasty . the potatoes melt in your mouth . finish off with a portuguese egg tart : ) romado 's is better ... no coco rico is ... . no romados ... no coco rico ... you get the picture !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very average pastry shop with chicken ff only", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great facility , very nice and knowledgeable staff . really helped me strengthen my knee . i 'd highly recommend them to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , i 'm the kind of girl who grew up staying in motels , so i 'm ok with your average travelodge . this place is your below average travelodge ... reasons : 1 . did n't ask if we were ok with a smoking room ( yuck ... hotels still allow this ? ) 2 . one bath towel , two guests ... twice in the same week , with no apology 3 . air conditioning sounds louder than a harley davidson 4 . got back after a full day out ( 8+ hours ) and the room was n't cleaned 5 . front desk did n't seem phased by this when i called to complain i will not be staying in a travelodge again anytime soon . i highly recommend any other hotel than this one if you 're planning on staying in scottsdale .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "how do i give this place negative stars ? ? not sure how to choose what to negatively review first . between the awful service from the wannabe manager - sergio - , the lack of warm water in the shower , or the clogged bathtub , or the dirty towels , dirty bed blankets , this place deserves to be avoided at all costs . we had to learn the hard way why it was the only place with a vacancy during spring training , i hope no one else has to . if you have a choice between sleeping in your car and staying here , stay in your car .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went into travelodge knowing that it was n't going to be a 5 star hotel . however , it was dirtier than i could have imagined . please do n't stay here no matter how inexpensive it is . you do deserve better . the only saving grace was the location and they did n't charge me for having my dog . the bathroom area was dirty and the carpets were gross . they were ripped , torn , and covered in many different hair samples . i 'm convinced there was a dead body rotting in one of the rooms , because the odors while walking to my room were foul and beyond ripe . the bed was extremely uncomfortable , and the window blinds do a horrible job of blocking out the morning sun .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "place is pretty filthy . yet i 'm not here to enjoy the ambiance and decor . there was what appeared to be blood on the wall .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a great hotel if you 're looking to stash a dead body . but , if you want a clean room that does n't wreak like a 49 year old ashtray then go elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what a crappy hotel . if i had looked at the yelp before staying there , i never would have . 1 . i believe they have a tape recorder where the `` ac '' unit is - each morning we would wake up and open the door to cooler eweather than was in our room . 2 . they have basically no employees . the front desk girl did almost everything , 3 . its dirty . dirty dirty dirty . the pictures people posted are quite accurate i would never stay in this dump again - and they were more expensive than a far superior hotel less than two blocks away", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this hotel should be closed . the pictures below are not accurate . the carpets are stained , the ceilings cracked and stained , cigarette burns in bathroom , no railing on bath tub to hold on to , chairs dirty , things on the floor , you could not and would not want to walk around barefoot at all , vending machines snacks were stale , the bed was bad i was in pain and still am , dogs are allowed in rooms , so you do not know what the stains were , also , feces outside and smells , there were bugs constantly coming in to the room , hotel has nothing to keep bugs away . hotel should be torn down and condemed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we checked in late..arrived around midnight . we were tired from a long drive here and we were ready for bed . the front door was locked and a small piece of paper was posted on the entrance door . the paper stated for customers to call a number for immediate assistance . i called and the front desk clerk walked up to open the door . he was barefoot and appeared half asleep . he checked us in . we went to our room and my first impression was not good at all . i noticed toenail clipings on the carpet and the decor was outdated . the smoke detector was hanging off the wall with no batteries . the room just did not look inviting at all . i did not even use the sheets or comcorter to cover myself during the night . i just wore a sweater and did not use a pillow . its my fault . i get what i pay for . the price was cheap and so was the quality of the room . pay the extra charge elsewhere and get a better night 's rest . sorry travelodge scottsdale..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "be very careful dealing with this store . we found out the hard way how she can sell so cheap . we consigned her a complete dining room set last march which she sold in june or july . in is now december and we have still not been paid . we try to call but she will not call back . she seemed so nice when we first met , but once she owes you money , it 's like you are dealing with a completely different person .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "consigning here was a big mistake ! initially , the owner , karen was helpful , but when it came time to find what my things had sold for she said the contract had been terminated . this was after she was closed for vacation and electrical problems . she never returned phone calls or emails , and when confronted she claimed to have sent me a check , which i never received . funny thing , as i was leaving ( totally dissatisfied ) i found one of my items still for sale . i took 17 items and received nothing for any .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you will be charmed by the variety of furniture and home decor . there are so any great pieces of fine quality and brand name furniture and accessories . my experience has exceeded my expectations . yours to mine will be one of your favorite places to shop . they are very fair and professional . shop with confidence and the prices are great too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a find ... i love shopping with karen . always new merchandise and in great condition . i love the little accent pieces and fun accessories she has as well . she is always trying to find that `` special piece '' for her regulars . stop in and see karen and tell her what you are looking fro . this is a great secret in wexford !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to shop if you 're looking for that unique gift for someone who has everything . karen was very helpful and i will be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the absolute worst . the place is never open , or is always having heating or electrical problems . now it seems to be closed for good . when calling about things on consignment , you get a message that mailbox is full . not sure if i will ever get my furniture back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got a nice table and chairs here just before the holidays - just in time to receive visitors ! we are still enjoying the furniture . reasonable price and great people here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are shopping for used furniture this business is a great place . if you are consigning furniture go elsewhere . the business is very disorganized and not able to accurately track your merchandise or sales . the payments are erratic , undocumented and as i found out incorrect . when you ask for clarification your questions are met with a rude and dismissive attitude . there are a lot of great consignment stores , unfortunately yours to mine is not one of them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give this show 10 stars , i would . i ca n't begin to explain the meticulousness to detail that has been put forth to every single aspect of the performance , from the costumes to the musical instruments to every move , facial expression , and gesture on the part of every single performer in this show ! there was not one instance of overblown mimicry ; the show was not a `` tribute '' to elvis . it really was elvis : the feel , the atmosphere , the excitement . i actually got goosebumps ! if you 're an elvis fan ( or just wonder why he was so legendary , if you 're too young to remember ) , you just have to see this show ; it 's breathtaking !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought the exhibit was very good and well worth the money . the film was a bit of a let down . it was just a bunch of concert clips with no historical perspective . i would of preferred a short doc or some narration or graphics connecting the clips .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they should tell you the show times before hand , made it through the exhibit and missed the movie start by a couple minutes and they would n't let us in . only a couple items worth seeing , hardly worth the 25 entrance fee . save your time and money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "to start off , i normally would not review a place that i use for food delivery . that being said , i get food delivery from these guys at least twice a week . i was n't a huge fan until i tried their crispy ginger chicken ... ..can you say yum ! i am a creature of habit when it comes to food delivery and i have had these guys deliver at least 20+ times now ... .so i know there is no issue with consistency . i usually order the crispy ginger chicken , a large white rice , 2 spring rolls , and a veggie or beef fried rice ( veggie is better ) , and i sometimes throw in an order of dumplings which are to die for . and if you are thinking that this is a lot of food for 1 person , it is ... ..but i am ordering for two : ) the price is reasonable and the food is always piping hot and fresh . the delivery drivers are always friendly and fast .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for north american chinese food , this is the place ! they 've never disappointed me , always prepared fresh . the place is right across from the food terminal so you can expect a bunch of burly truckers during the day . it 's not a fancy place , more of a dive but are n't those the ones that serve the best food ? i always get the special , menu # 3 with a won ton soup . very satisfied and will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a bad place for a casual weeknight take-out . the prices are quite reasonable , the food is always ready on time and the staff are very polite . we usually have the kung po chicken with white rice and sometimes the squid with salt & spice - both are very tasty . others from my neighbourhood seem to really like it too so it 's worth giving it a try .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've driven by this location so many times and it does n't look like much . i finally tried and i 'm planning to make this my chinese take out delivery place . the food is very well done . i tried beef ho fun and mo shu beef . both are flavourful , no msg and cooked well . good portions and quality ingredients . and , so close to home , this will be one of my regular goto places in the neighborhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "consistently good chinese . well-priced , good quality `` comfort '' food . they have an extensive menu where you can find something for everyone . i particularly recommend the crispy beef ( yum ! )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service . delivery was very fast . did not mess up the order but food was bland . compared to other chinese take out , this was sub par .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent canadian and some authentic chinese food . their best dish is the general tao chicken , and it can be had in a quick lunch special served on either noodles or rice . best bargain in town ! had their food many times and since moved away , but make the effort to drive past every couple of months , just because it is so good . prices are normal for this kind of take-out , but the quality is far above any chain , and most small shops i 've been to . definitely a place to try out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this used to be my wife and is favorite chinese take out for the last 10 years . unfortunately the quality of the food has dropped considerably over the last year or so . last night 's order was absolutely terrible . overcooked and mushy shanghai noodles . dried out and chewy general tsos chicken and sweet and sour spare ribs . we now have a fridge full of inedible leftovers ! we wo n't be ordering from them again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered through just-eat . fast delivery . hot , fresh food . tastes more like 'real ' food than the salt bomb you normally get for 'chinese ' food . very satisfied - will definitely order again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not a bad place to eat when you ca n't think of anything to make . not many good options for chinese take out in the area and this one is one of the better ones .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got takeout from wok terminal last night : the vegetable fried rice was great ! i was expecting those tiny cubes of probably-pre-frozen vegetables mixed into some plain rice , but this had lots of crisp broccoli , bok choy , sprouts , onion and more ... plus the rice itself was quite tasty . i also got the orange chicken , which was disappointing . it looked saucy and nice on the outside , but it was very dry and tough on the inside , like it had been overcooked overheated . after chewing like crazy on a few pieces , i decided it was inedible and we threw the rest out . wished i had spent that money on something else on the menu . lastly , i got the bbq pork slices , which were pretty good . there was lots of uninterrupted meat in the container - no veggies in this dish as a `` filler '' . the sauce was n't super tasty , but it was sweet ( as expected ) and the pork was very tender and nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great chinese food . you can eat in the restaurant , but in my opinion a better option is to have it delivered or just pick up your order and take it home . the food here is really good . i 've been back a number of times and everything was amazing . the ingredients are fresh , well cooked , and they do n't scrimp on the portions . i believe that they deliver through www.just-eat.ca , or directly by calling the restaurant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always had excellent service and food here . food is non-greasy , flavourful and affordable . the combos are very reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i felt like some comfort food and chinese food was top on the list . we were new to the area and not sure where to order , we checked yelp and found wok terminal to be rated well . we placed our order for delivery and it was here very fast and nice and hot ! the food was very well prepared and tasted great . we have made wok terminal our take out choice for chinese food . we have ordered from there 4 times now and each time the food was great along with the delivery time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is not good whatsoever . everything tasted like fish , and i did n't order fish , when i called to complain he told me off saying that i should have told him i had a fish allergy- i didn '' t order fish ! it was so fishy my entire home smelt like i had just cooked fish all day in the kitchen . over priced , rude rude rude staff . i highly recommend somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "desperate for a chinese food place and due to high reviews on yelp , i ordered from wok terminal through `` skipthedishes '' . the food is mediocre and does not reflect some of the better quality chinese take out some may be used to getting from markham restaurants . the way the dishes are cooked are suited for vert americanized chinese taste buds . the `` ho fun '' otherwise known as fried rice noodles falls apart upon picking it up with chopsticks and they seem to put the same vegetable medley in all their dishes .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's always crowded , it is located at not-so-savory neighborhood ( right next to stratosphere ) , and finding a parking spot could be challenging sometimes . but i 'm very grateful that i get most of my medications for free here . culinary health fund rocks ! ! ! ! ! the staffs are friendly and confident . i usually come in to drop off the prescription the day before so that i do n't have to deal with long waiting time . if you absolutely have to wait , just drive to luv-it frozen custard to get a cup of amazing ice cream & come back , or get married to some strangers at nearby chapel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "things are looking good at the culinary pharmacy , i have seen changes and they are good . first , the hours have changed and they are now open earlier and stay later , even on saturdays . second , they have opened up a lot more windows and addded more staff to accomendate more volume . so no more long lines ! i also love that they can dispense two months at a time , with call automation , i can call , leave my refill facts and can find my prescrpitions waiting for me within a reasonable time frame ! now , if we can work on their formulary , that is , the list of mefications they have available ! i still have medications i have to go to walgreens for , would love it if i did n't . it would be great to have a one stop shop ! hopeful , it will come !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super nice place what else can you ask for free medicines go go figure that place can do it why medicine has to be so expensive in this country the staff is always super friendly sometimes the older people need an extra minute to explain the things they 're always blessing to them oh yes one more thing ... . please answer the phones ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we culinary workers are so lucky to have a place like this . i 've talk to a lot of my family and friends and ask them if they had a no-copay pharmacy like us . they all said no.in a time when a lot of people 's health insurance premiums are going up while benefits are going down it 's good that we have this and all the other stuff . like no monthly premiums taken out of our pay checks and still lower co-pays then most other insurances i love my culinary pharmacy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you cant go wrong with the culinary health fund . they are majorly for their members . a free pharmacy so their members pay zero out of pocket for certain prescription drugs . i foresee them opening at least one more pharmacy somewhere else in the lv valley since this one is not too convenient to visit . first time here and i faxed my info over beforehand and waited less than ten minutes too get my meds . they even have a shredding bin that is locked that members have access to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another one of those cheap chinese buffets ( 5.95 ) that puts out a few tasty dishes that get you up to 3 stars.the decor sucks and the washrooms need to be torn out and rebuilt . on the brighter side i found the staff to be very friendly and helpful . i would return to this place because of the food , cheap price and the friendly staff , and to see if they remodeled it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "got yelled at by the delivery guy for not putting my apartment number on my online order . my computer auto-filled my address , so it is my fault not for double checking , but he called to get the unit number . on the phone he gave me a bunch of attitude , then he gets here and reads me the riot act again . food : b- . prices : c+ . customer service : f", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the fried chicken wings are good . the rest ? below par chinese msg . i might get some wings sometime , but the rest of the food is below mediocre .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow ! this place has turned a corner . under new management the food is outstanding and fresh , the price is right . you must check it out . no tricks to force the food taste better , the staff is friendly , helpful . try the moo goo gai pan , it is outstanding . and their beef w broccoli where the beef is well cooked and seasoned not rubbery and the broccoli is cooked and crunchy . new modern furniture and a flat screen tv . we 'll be back , for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just your average chinese buffet , maybe a little small . there were the basics that you 'll find just about anywhere - everything was just about the same . nothing really jumped out , but things were decent enough that i 'd probably go back . one thing that does work in its favor - it 's a couple dollars cheaper than a lot of buffets out there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't waste your time ... ick ! it 's already dry enough in arizona , do n't think we need our food like that too ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unfortunately , there are n't a lot of great coffee shops near west towne mall . many of the nearby coffee emporiums in this area are bland , with over-roasted coffee and little ambiance . however , hidden in a strip mall off odana is a gem ... the west side steep and brew . the coffee is always fresh and tasty ( especially since it is freshly roasted in madison ) , and the prices are reasonable by contemporary coffee shop standards . there are probably better coffee shops in other parts of madison , but nothing around west towne compares . stay away from the chains , and visit steep and brew !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a pretty decent coffee shop . there are plenty of outlets to do work , so that was a definite plus for the days when i did n't yet have internet at my new apartment . my best guess is that this is a renovated tcby . or , they just have tcby labeled baby chairs . the walls are reminiscent of an ice cream shop though . also , they have ice cream , so maybe that 's why . i got a regular coffee . they do a deal if you 're working there for a while , there 's an option to get unlimited coffee refills , iirc . the coffee was good . it 's definitely better than starbucks , so that 's always a plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the baristas at steep & brew west were really friendly and helpful . the store itself has a great interior environment - bright , nicely decorated . the shop definitely has more personality than a starbucks and prices are about the same . i got an orange cappuccino and it was okay - probably a mistake to get the orange cappuccino instead of the regular , but the espresso was clearly pulled correctly . i 'll definitely be back on occasion .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is really nice . the barista behind the counter was friendly and actually knew about the teas they served . we had a chai latte and a loose leaf tea . the latte was a little sweet but the other tea was steeped perfectly and i loved it . overall this is a great local coffee shop that is a nice place to relax , have tea , and even grab some ice cream if you are in the mood . would highly recommend for anyone who likes a variety of coffee or loose leaf teas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the chai tea lattes ! i go out of my way all the time to get my drinks from here . it 's a long wait , but definitely worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had an iced coffee and chai latte . we loved them . i think we had the owner serve us , he looked like he came straight out of a tommy bahamas catalog . he was very fast , and gave me very little ice like i requested . coffee was mellow and nutty with no bitter after taste which means he uses the correct bean and water to bean ratio . there was a line of about 5 people behind us , but we waited no more than two minutes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly service . coffees brewed to perfection . quaint atmosphere with recent redo . great location on odana road .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the coffee is great ! there are 15+ different blends and the baristas are always knowledgeable on the different types . since they have expanded and removed a lot of the noisy yogurt machines and freezer from the former tcby , i have found it to be much quieter and a nice place to go and work and conduct meetings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enjoyed the cafe au lait i drank here , but i would n't recommend this location for a place to study or relax . it has a couple small tables and a small countertop space by the window , but otherwise the seating area is small .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this coffee is such a treat ! the owner is great and the other coff drinkers are very nice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice coffee shop and the last steep and brew where i can get my orange cappuccino . we stopped in on labor day for an afternoon beverage . barista was very friendly and efficient , drinks were great . the layout of this coffee shop is a little weird with the combined ice cream shop . the seating in the coffee shop portion was unavailable as they had to clean the floors prepping for an early closing on labor day . no big deal , as there was an open table for the four of us in the ice cream portion . i probably would n't choose to work here , but it 's a nice stop to get my favorite beverage .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super grossed out by the bathroom , which you have to basically walk through the kitchen to get to . and physically disabled people , do n't bother . it 's super hard to get to . the coffee is lackluster and the baristas do n't seem to care about much . there 's an evp down the road that i usually go to , and will continue there in the future .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great coffee great atmosphere this is a great place to go relax and sit down and unwind . i visit every chance i get when i am in town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great coffee shop . employees are positive . the location is perfect , plenty of parking . the quality of service is beyond what you would get . other then the usual service of most coffee shops , they have items that you would n't think a coffee shop has . such as delicious pie , extensive tea ( not just what you see on shelf ) , ice cream , the pastries are locally made . a great coffee shop with dedicated staff to serve your every coffee delight .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great workers , nice sunny venue even in winter , and ice cream in addition to the classic cafe offerings . love !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike recently did our engagement photos in arizona and wedding in texas . i could n't have asked for a better photographer . he truly gets to know his clients and it reflects in his work . he made us feel at ease with the camera and captured our engagment and wedding perfectly . i 100 % would recommend mike olbinski photography to anyone looking to hire a photographer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike is absolutely amazing ! not only is he an extremely talented photographer , his wonderful personality is what makes him so unique . he takes the time to make you feel comfortable , gets to know you as a couple , and is very easy to keep in touch with . we were blown away by the uncountable moments he caught throughout our entire wedding day . there is no way for us to pick our favorite because there are too many ! i would highly recommend mike olbinski photography !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike photographed our wedding , and i could not be more delighted that we decided to work with him . he is just the bees knees : a great guy , a pleasure to work with , and a supremely talented photographer who delivered gorgeous , heart-warming , hilarious photos in record time . we were nervous about our photography budget , but my only regret is not paying for him to stay for a few more hours . he was quick to respond , professional and efficient , easy to work with throughout the whole process . the photographs are insanely awesome . i can not recommend him more highly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike is a fantastic wedding & storm chasing photographer who is very talented , funny , and somehow manages to capture so many moments while being just one guy . we loved getting to know mike through our engagement photo session ( a must ! ) and on our wedding day , it felt like our super rad best friend was there to shoot the day . photos captured details , romance , raw emotion , and upbeat fun . working with mike was such a blast and we are so thankful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike photographed my husband 's and my elopement in january 2014 . the experience was absolutely first-rate . mike 's work is undoubtedly professional and takes my breath away . what 's even better ( although the quality of his photos and his artistic eye are truly tough to beat ) is the fact that he is approachable , positive , and above all kind . it was a blast bumming around with him all day . he has excellent ideas , and he really listened to what our vision was -- and worked with us to create a portfolio that is not only classic and timeless , but also stylish and chic . the photos i upload will speak for themselves . also please do check out his website -- mike 's family portrait work and nature stormchasing photos are also outstanding . i would definitely recommend mike olbinski photography for anyone in az and beyond . thank you for making our elopement dreams become a tangible reality ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience start to finish . very professional . never having bought a cart before did not know where to start and glad found this place and would highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service . we had a paint issue with the cart before delivery and they said it would n't be delivered until i said it was right ! the cart is wonderful . would not hesitate to recommend these people to anyone . thanks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we purchased our golf cart from these guys . could not be happier with our experience . if you want a great cart at a great price from people who truly understand customer satisfaction , look no further . they have a huge selection of off the rack carts or you can ask them to build you one exactly as you want . as you walk around the business you notice that everyone is working very hard with smiles on their faces . very neat and tidy . all of these folks care about what they are doing . clearly the owner is leading by example and everyone there wants to be there . we had a great experience . i did n't even feel the need to haggle . i know i was a getting a good deal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great little shop that offer a great varied menu at good prices . located on poterbello high street , deli 194 is a great place to come for a pre or post trip to the beach . they sell a good range of drinks such as teas and coffees and the usual soft drinks , but they also do a few milkshakes as well . when it comes to their food , they have a great range of tasty meals that can be eaten in our taken away . they do a great all day breakfast which i had and offers great value for money and it is n't as greasy as some that i have had and was cooked really well . they also do jacket potatos , macaroni cheese and panninis amongst others . furthermore , they also do desserts where you can have ice creams , gateaus and other sweet items . for a small restaurant it really does have a great , extensive menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very pleasant little place . excellent coffee and hot filled rolls with nice fresh bread , not a bad breakfast at all ! excellent value for money , nice friendly atmosphere with table service as well as take away deli . does a nice mix of a traditional `` greasy spoon '' menu with more exotic tastes also catered for . i will be returning for the italian sandwich and perhaps minute steak sandwich too ! this place has certainly earned the classification of deli rather than greasy spoon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they make a great pie and chips here and if you phone first they can have your order ready for you . i 've a a few great lunches here all washed down with a large pot of tea .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wait time was ridiculous and the customer service is so much worse . 5 minutes with the guy and we said never mind and left to go to the one in queen creek . daniel mumbled when he spoke , seemed so uninterested about helping , and knew nothing about one of the most talked about new phones coming out . also as many people waited i saw 2 staff members out on the floor just playing on their phones with no customer . ridiculous .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service . matt larson has always taken care of me at this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a little puzzled about verizon stores . i went there 10:30 am on a friday to simply see what my options were with my plan and waited 15 minutes with no call of my name . there were at least 5 floor people asking if you needed help but maybe 2 that were working with customers directly . less floor people and more actual customer service reps verizon . almost like the apple store where you know its going to be an hour or more and if you didnt make an appoitment ... ..forget it ! verizon has the best coverage in az . but they need to find a way to expedite the in store process . i cant even imagine what kind of zoo that place is on the weekends or in the evenings after work !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "walked in and matt came straight up to me to help . showed me all the available charger cords they had . knew product availability and prices . friendly , fast device . thanks matt !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are great ! i went in there asking about getting on my own plan and they did n't bullsh t me in any way . gave me great advise and were excellent , professional sales men .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place does n't seem to know what customer service is all about . whoever is in charge of this branch sure is n't concerned about training the floor staff . they ( floor staff ) only knows what product `` x '' is by looking on their tablet and recite what is already written . there was one customer who was waiting waaay before us , we were helped before her . and i saw her leave the store mumbling some words under her breath . there is a reason this store has only 2 stars overall . unless your coming here to pay your bill or get an accessory , go somewhere else . we go to the one in queen creek . staff is friendly , educated and confident . hell , they even hold the door for you when walking you out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best service provider , hate that they keep changing plans to squeeze the last dime out of you", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just switched back to verizon from at & t . a little early to tell , but so far so good . bought online and went in to the local store to have my contacts transferred . went well and no charge , but could n't transfer photos . : o (", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the worst customer service from manager chris i have ever experienced in my life of having a cell phone ! he is rude and inconsiderate he should not be a manager . who the hell put this guy in charge ? wtf", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went in there today for cyber monday deal free phone with 2 year contract called first to see if it was true . we go and the sales guys says do n't do that it 's a `` scam '' i am like ok he starts writing numbers down on a paper telling me i 'll save $ etc etc and it 's a 2 year contract `` kinda '' do you guys train these people ? he may understand his jargon however when you show me the special you are running ( a picture of a paper on his phone ) expelling why my bill will change 3 times in a year . your store made me stick with my current provider which is almost just as bad ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i called the store to see if they carry the apple silicone case and the apple leather case for the iphone 7 . took multiple calls because they have no option to talk to a real person . finally got ahold of someone and they said they had them in stock . drove down , was immediately told there was a wait . no big deal . they got to me and told me they did not have them . i figured i would return the case and buy from apple directly . i tried to return the case i bought the day before in this exact store and they would not do the return . terrible service here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been a t-mobile customer for 10 years . finally decided to switch to verizon . i was very happy with the service at this store . evan was very knowledgeable , courteous and made clear everything that i had questions with . this store had plenty of people ready to help with whatever you need . i look forward to a long and happy relationship with verizon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst verizon store ever ! had lyle `` help '' me and did n't listen to my needs . he has an attitude . i do n't recommend getting help from him at all !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been in three times to get my phone fixed i just got the new s8 it has been 11 days today this is my second screen saver that has popped off and broken the otterbox will not hold the phone in the clip like it 's supposed to . the s8 phone does not respond like they say it does . it is full of samsung junk the phone is horrible i 've tried to return it twice and they have tried to talk me out of it . find a verizon store that knows what they 're talking about about the quality of their product and how it works . this place was a joke when it came to putting on the screensaver everybody looked at each other and giggled and smiled and asked if they knew how to put it on i should have known right then .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't know if they are understaffed or what but every time i come to this location i feel like i spend half of my day waiting . when you inform them that you are leaving because the wait times are horrendous they just look at you like `` oh well '' . might even be done with verizon all together now .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i will never go to this verizon store again . if all verizon stores were like this one we definitely would switch to another carrier .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had to wait an hour just to find out the phone i wanted to get for my 12 year old , that is on display is n't available . store does not have enough seating or waiting areas to accommodate the ridiculous wait time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible customer service thru management . will not ever go to this location again would rather drive 10 miles to next nearest location . buyers beware ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was excited for a new burrito place in liberty village but it was not what i was looking for . i ordered the chicken burrito . it is a pretty simple order but i have had way better . the worst part for me was the ground chicken . if you are going to do a chicken burrito at least some chopped grilled chicken or pulled chicken . the ground chicken did not taste fantastic and when you get those chewy parts in chicken it really turns me off . i am going to have to say i am not going to try again . there are other places in the area for similar price and better taste !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've tried coming here on 2 separate occasions on a weekday after work around 6-6:30pm and both times it 's been closed . there 's not even a store hours sign on the door or window . so sketch .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely the worst soft tacos we have ever had ! taco bell is higher quality . we were drawn in by the crowd , but turns out they were in there because of the cold : ( sorry to be harsh ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is terrible . terrible service , no hot sauce in a burrito place ! they ran out and did n't bother to go to the metro and get some more . you ca n't see them making your burrito . the staff are unknowledgable about the products they are making . terrible . do n't eat here", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had the surf and turf burrito bowl today . although the shrimp had a lovely batter and was delicious , there just was n't enough . also , there was very little steak in the bowl . they layered a lot of the beans and next to no cheese underneath it . for a cheese fan , i was disappointed . for almost $ 10 i 've had a better bowl with more meat and more cheese . as for the service , they certainly were lovely folks so that alone might be worth trying them again but definitely not the bowl . i imagine the soft tacos will have just the right amount of meat , right ? here 's for hoping .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had the pleasure to frequent this establishment on several occasions . in my opinion the food tastes fantastic , it 's reasonably priced and the portions are enormous ! my personal favorite is the chicken quesadillas . the staff and especially the owner are extremely friendly and courteous . i 'd be weary of adding too much hot sauce to the mix . i would highly recommend this fine establishment to anyone . great work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's average for a burrito place , i mean how hard is it to shove food into a wrap and close it . the burrito bowls are my fave , but they have been getting smaller and less consistent . the owner is super sweet , and is trying to keep business flowing , as other shops around there have been sinking - and fast ! but the service is slow , grumpy and if you order the nachos , they are sometimes put into a cold fryer so they just suck up the oil and never crisp up .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is a complete joke . i went on three separate occasions and the place has been closed with no sign on the door or explanation . i went on a saturday at 5:30 and they were closed when they claimed to be open until 3 am . i am not sure what kind of business they are running , but they are very unprofessional . for those in the area , just avoid this place and go to big fat burrito . if they are not serious about being a business , i am not going to give them my money or recommend them . this place is a total avoid at all costs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "every experience at burrito burrito has been fab ! food is always fresh and never a long wait . it 's faster than getting a sub sandwich made and more tasty !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after fat bastard burrito in liberty village became a disappointment i needed a new burrito spot close by . a friend recommended i try this place and i must say it 's pretty good . so far i 've tried their large chicken burrito ( do not attempt unless you are ready to sleep for a couple hours after ) , steak burrito and a couple of their burrito bowl options . they 've all been pretty good . ingredients are fresh and they 're not tight with the guacamole like fat bastard is . id give it a 3.5 star but that 's not an option here so i give it a four simply because their large burrito is the size of a bottle of wine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not keen on burritos myself but i had the nachos , they tasted like the bag had been open on the counter for a couple days , i should likely have complained but unfortunately i can be a bit of a wuss . my husband had a burrito and i think he was just bitter we had n't gone to fat bastard instead .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very good and friendly ordering service from the man in charge . they did my halibut well done , extra crispy - much appreciated ! the halibut burrito was very good ! best in the neighbourhood . i also got a chicken taco ( yes , i know - gluttonous ) . it was quite tasty with the nacho cheese ! not cheap , but welcome to liberty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered a steak + chicken mixed with hot sauce and extra jalapenos . instead i got a wrap filled with lettuce , beans , & rice doused in frank 's red hot ( which , for the record , is more salty than it is hot ) . to be fair , a couple of pieces of chicken & shreds of steak found their way into the burrito . compared to the superb burritos at fat bastard 's a 5 minute walk away , these are really overpriced bags of bean paste and rice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is laughable . waited 20 minutes for a mediocre , cold burrito . no napkins to be found . they really do n't appear to know what they 're doing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "compared to fat bastard , this place was not tasty at all . a for effort but they ca n't compare . owner was a bit too confident and they ran out of guacamole . how does that happen at a mexican restaurant ? ! i went because i had a groupon . will not be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "everyone knows `` you get what you pay for '' but this place goes above & beyond the value i would expect for the price . far cheaper , cleaner & safer than siegal suites & any other weekly rate apts i have seen around town . laundry on site , off-street parking & 24 hr security patrol . 10 min walk to fremont street experience container park- 1 block to grocery store dottys etc on bus line", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the studio apts are cheap to stay in but be advised that if you pay for a week ... .. bring your own bed sheets and blankets , and toilit paper , trash can and etc . at least there is n't any cock roaches and the bathroom has a shower curtain . if you want wi-fi it 's only on the 1st floor and in the main check in area . this place is in the down town district so it 's not the safest or best area of las vegas , but you get what you pay for when your on a budget . we 're here for a week . pets and children are allowed here also .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came to freeman 's to have bluetooth installed in my lexus . my first experience with them seemed great . however within 2 weeks of having the device installed it stopped working . from out of town , i returned to freeman 's to have it fixed . they merely reset the faulty device and set me out . within 24 hours the device had stopped working again . since i do not live in charlotte , i had the device uninstalled at a dealership and then shipped it back to freeman 's after seth and sean ( sp ? ) , the manager and another employee said no problem we will give you a refund . however , without telling me , they did not refund the $ 105 labor charge . i understand this may be standard if someone decides they do not want something anymore but this bluetooth device was a faulty from the beginning and they were 100 % aware . i absolutely do not recommend doing business here seeing as they issue bad parts without any accountability and will not take care of their customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a new gps , bluetooth and radio system installed and am very pleased with the work and customer service ! robert walked me through the process , explained the new system and went out of his way to help with the crazy problem my car was having with the original system ! thank you , robert and everyone that worked on my car ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they are idiots who dont know their own business and dont want to make money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "jason and roger provided excellent service ... and they 're very military friendly . i would definitely return . thank you gentlemen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had an excellent experience with freeman 's car stereo ! i spoke to joel over the phone to schedule an appointment to have my bose amp replaced- he gave me quote over the phone as well- we showed up for our appointment and everything went just as he said..after reading some negative reviews i was hesitant , but my dealership recommended them and growing up in the queen city and knowing they have been in business since i was in elementary school 30+ years ago-went with it ! being part of a small business i have learned that negative reviews sometimes are from difficult people who would rather hurt a business than resolve an issue- we will be returning to have an installation in my husbands 66 mustang ! thanks to everyone at freeman 's car stereo for exceeding our expectations !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a stereo and front speakers installed in my nissan altima and the guys did a fantastic job . i was quoted slightly higher than the final price due to a part that i ended up not needing and i appreciated the honesty and true professionalism displayed by the staff here . if i ever need additional audio parts installed in my car i know where to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is a lot to like about this place . the atmosphere is lovely , the waiters are friendly , the chefs are truly passionate about their work . plating in particular is astounding . but i really did n't feel very attracted to anything on the menu . usually i find difficult to choose between too many appealing selections , but here nothing struck my fancy . i tried two appetizers and two mains , and none of them rocked my world . they were more interesting than good . one notable exception to this trend was a lemon dessert that completely knocked it out of the park . it was an amazing combination of flavours and textures that were just the right contrast and wonderfully complementary .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm getting really tired of these hyped up hipster joints on queen west serving tiny portions and overpriced food . eating out in toronto is becoming an exercise of dropping 2 bills , and being instantly forgettable the minute you leave except the feeling of being ripped off afterwards . i will say ursa 's presentation of dishes is beautiful but the lamb was 2 bites and the rest of the plate was a bunch of meh root veggies which probably cost 20 cents to source . the whitefish was overcooked though the sides ( more root veggies ) were better in this dish . the single potato fingerling ( 4 cm long ) was tasty . the worst was this weird chocolate hazelnut concoction sitting in a watery liquid emulsion . lucky the spoons were the tiniest i 've ever seen because it was done in 2 scoops . oh btw bread costs extra . this place is too precious for its own good and it floors me how the rating averages 4 stars . you will have to another meal right after spending $ 180 for 2 here because you 'll be starving otherwise .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so i went back for a friend 's birthday dinner . i 'm impressed by how they were able to keep up the quality and recreate the exact same experience i had last time , while serving a totally different menu . i feel the hallmark of a really great restaurant is when they can keep customers coming back and not become boring . if yelp would allow me to take half a star off , it would be for running out of the vegetarian main dish ( made up for by the chefs who created something really amazing anyway for three vegetarians at the table ) , for serving our bottle of wine halfway into our meal ( made up for by comping the bottle and not mentioning it ) and for not including the honeycomb in our desert ( do n't think i did n't notice ! ) . so that equates to perhaps a little less than half a star , so i 'm rounding up ... i really recommend this restaurant for anyone who gets excited by new and interesting food . this place is just _excellent_ !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this restaurant on a recommendation and was very disappointed . ordered the burratta cheese , which i absolutely love at campagnolo , but here the meagre portion left me sad and wanting more . the only thing 'saving ' the dish was pairing the cheese with a lovely fresh peach . my main - a rabbit roulade - was a dense , small portion of minced rabbit that was completely flavour-free . the accompanying sweet breads were over cooked and again lacking in flavour . these were a far cry from the moist and tasty morsels of sweet breads offered at the wonderful le paradis . it 's apparent that the chef takes great pride it presenting a pretty plate . however , if he actually tried making honest , delicious food for adult appetites , he would have happier customers . for a $ 26 main , i certainly was n't expecting to go out for another meal . too many better options out there - so following our lack luster meal at ursa , we had a satisfying nosh of cava and frites with mayo at nearby union .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough nice things about ursa ... - the food is fabulous and fairly priced . - the bartenders are true pros ( without being 'mixologists ' , if you know what i 'm saying ) . the can make you something funky with a raw egg in it or draw a simple pint . - the service is very friendly and accommodating . servers are always polite and have a second to chat . ( a rarity on wqw ! ) - there are all kinds of people in here - young , old , hip , not hip at all ... that 's what happens when you serve great food and do n't just rely on the cache of decor and location . - decor is neat - all the little light bulbs make me think of tesla . i hope this place is here forever .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ate at the bar , and had a fantastic meal . a benefit of eating at the bar is the bartender can answer questions about the food as your eating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had been into ursa once before and loved their seasonal smash and the tofu appetizer i tried , so i went back with high hopes . the dinner i had was a straight loss , two totally unappealing , almost inedible dishes- a somewhat terrifying oysters and watermelon starter , and a whitefish main which was bland and unappealing ( the spinach dumpling tasted like stodgy nothingness , the fish itself was tasteless ) . these are huge misses when you are paying 20-30 per dish . that said , my date 's starter salad was incredible , garlicky and fresh . my sense is that the menu is a massive hit or miss affair , when they get it right its perfection , but the wrong is close to inedible .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great from beginning to end . upon arrival they were busy seating other patrons so the bartender ran over and got us seated . the waiter was over quickly to offer water and discuss cocktails . the two we ordered were very creative and tasty . i would have ordered another but i was driving . remind me to cab it next time . apps came and were both fantastic although i was n't expecting the crickets and meal worms ? ! crunchy ! ! mains were equally brilliant . i had rainbow trout . gf had lamb . desert topped it off . all courses were not only fantastic flavours but artfully presented . portions were perfect but we are quality over quantity people . if you like `` all you can eat '' buffets , this is not the place for you ! knowledgable and concientious wait staff . we picked the 55.00 three course option which turned out to be well worth the $ . you can tell that a lot of time and effort is put into the menu which changes frequently . quality of ingredients is as good as it gets . bravo", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3.5 out of 5 . great feel to the restaurant , and good service . the food is healthy , fresh , and creative . most dishes lack flavor as they steer clear of rich flavors . it 's expensive , but a destination for the health conscience enthusiasts .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fun unique place built around dishes from locally sourced ingredients . i definitely enjoyed the food and drinks . the place was pretty nicely laid out . decent decor and lighting . there was a lot of hype about the place . i 'd say it did n't quite live up but still no complaints . a tad pricey but seems like all unique trendy spots are these days . maybe this place legitimately is given the ingredients . worth a trip there . we went on a tuesday so not too crowded .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there is something to be said for a restaurant that makes every attempt to reclaim food . it can be great or it can suck . ursa is a delight to your tastebuds . the menu is always changing so you may not eat what i had . i literally ordered every dish on the menu and loved it all . give it a try , and impress someone special . thank you for a great memory and meal", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3 stars is generous . 10 item total menu with a stiff presentation . the drinks were the highlight . atmosphere and design of the space is great . food was pretentious and under seasoned . pricing was not aligned with the value . $ 200 per couple with wine .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's taco bell ... a fast food chain ... how anti-yelp of me . i may even get a talk thread all about me as an example of all things wrong with yelp..but i eat tb alot and frankly each deserves a different rating so why not give it a go ? if you need your fix of burrito with fillings from a caulking gun i would reccomend you drive to the next tb since they are on every corner and this one is sub par . my half pound cheesy bean burrito weighed nowhere near a half pound and while i ca n't figure out which layer was missing there were definately only 6 layers in my 7 layer burrito . there is a del taco across the street ; what was i thinking ? on the plus side when i say alot of fire sauce , i mean it and they complied .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i only come here once in a while , but i have received great customer service each time . it feels like the employees enjoy their job and enjoy helping their customers ... even if its for a simple order of tacos . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went through drive thru and was asked by jerimiah if i wanted sauce for my order . i stated hot and fire . he yook my card and when he reopened the window i said lots of got sauce , he said hot sauce and i said yes . we got our order and there was no sauce at all in either bag . i waited till he open the window and stated he had given us no sauce . after he rolls his eyes , closes the window without saying a word . he finally comes back and gives me 5 packets . with the size of our order , that was insufficient . i pulled around and went into the the restaurant , i told the cashier ehat had occurred . no apology , no let me get my manager instaed he hands me a bag and said get what you want . so needless to say i will not ever visit your restaurants again in the future . and i will assure i tell every person i know about your horrible service and bad employees", "score": "1"}
{"review": "that carol lady is beyond expectations when it comes to customer service ! every time i go in and see her i know i 'm going to have a great time . food is awesome as always !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location has friendly service , and great food . to top it off , they have wifi . so stop writing hateful reviews everyone , gosh . makes me so tired . just enjoy the food and stop being jerks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have to say i have a love hate relationship with taco bell . i love the food and hate it when they get my order wrong ! my bean burrito had some other `` bonus '' ingredients this time ( a little beef and lettuce ) . i love the baja blast mountain dew ! ! hey pepsi ... did you guys put crack in the baja blast ? ? i wish i could buy it off the shelf , but alas i guess i 'll continue to brave taco bell for my fix !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so , first before anything , i want to address this is a taco bell so i 'm not expecting 5 star service . and i want to give credit where credit is due , and say unlike many other locations , this one has never messed up an order . and i want to mention , i have ordered from both the fixed price menu and the value menu- in store and through the drive through . whatever i order from the fixed price menu is fixed `` properly '' and by that i mean in comparison to the value items- which are anemic and obviously thrown together sloppily . the customer service could use some work as well when it comes to special orders . i have no problem paying more , they just seem to have an issue with it . the customer service i received was subpar and could use some work , especially the manager that worked 5 25 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love taco bell food . however , i hate this location , because although they make your food very quickly , it lacks quality . also out of all the times i 've been here , i 've received my burritos undercooked and still cold about half the time . they do a great job of fixing their mistakes , but if they would take a few extra seconds , this mistake would n't happen as often .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "slow , dirty inside , employees are cussing to each other . at least the food was good but experience not so much .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very clean . including bathroom . very courteous associates . will be back here to eat in the near future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food sucks but i buy it because i go for the strawberry fruitista which are soooo good . but this month they blew in 3 times . machine broken , out of stawberries , machine frozen up . guess i have to call before i go to make sure i can get a fruitista .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they used to exceptional service ! now they lack in that and are lazy with there with build . today i just in with my dad and got the new nacho stuft box and they did n't even get it right . and all their sour cream smelled like bleach . they need to wash their hands more often . they broke all my taco shells and it 's just crazy hopefully they hire on new staff . the dinner crew today were just terrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's a taco bell so if your expecting a detailed review on their menu look elsewhere . it 's the same shit they are serving at all the other locations . review is on the customer service . super nice and friendly staff that goes above and beyond . i come here occasionally but always drive thru . is it only me that seems to always get their drive thru order wrong ? ? this is the only place that has always got it right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ein toller ort mitten im zentrum der landeshauptstadt . ruhe , gr\u00fcn , entspannung , einfach die umgebung genie\u00dfen ... wahnsinn wie viele geb\u00e4udeteile und skulpturen den weg ins lapidarium geschafft haben . unbedingt anschauen . ein kleiner geheimtipp f\u00fcr besucherinnen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in diesem `` gartenmuseum '' gibt es \u00fcber 200 exponate , die jedem , der freude an skulpturen hat , wie kleine sch\u00e4tze vorkommen werden ... einige sind nur bruchst\u00fccke , bei anderen sieht man die arbeit und die liebe zum detail ... das tollste aber ist : man darf sie anfassen ! in museen geht das nicht , aber hier darf man ganz nah teil haben an den werken ... au\u00dferdem ist es v\u00f6llig \u00fcberraschend in dieser gro\u00dfen stadt etwas abseits diesen kleinen garten zu finden , mit riesigen wundersch\u00f6nen b\u00e4umen am rand und den jugendstil villen rundherum ... man hat das gef\u00fchl in der provence gelandet zu sein ... wirklich ein kleinod hier in stuttgart ... knapp zwei stunden haben wir uns von skulptur zu skulptur gehangelt und es war echt klasse und hat gro\u00dfen spa\u00df gemacht .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sehr sch\u00f6n . mitten in stuttgart auf andere gedanken kommen ! es lohnt sich", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dank meinen versierten vorschreibern ( namentlich eatrazzor & rautgundis ; - ) ) welcher in mir die kulturelle neugier weckten , durfte ich dieses kleinod mitten in stuttgart kennen lernen . von dieser , von skulpturen bereicherte parkanlage geht wirklich etwas magisches und sinnliches aus ! hier sch\u00f6pft der besucher die n\u00f6tige ruhe und erh\u00e4lt einblicke in vergangene zeiten . der sch\u00f6ne , alte baumbestand verleihen diesem ort den passenden , ehrenhaften rahmen und zeichnen diese st\u00e4tte auch landschaftlich als wertvoll aus . besonders erfreute mich auch ein angrenzender weinberg , der sich inmitten dieser quirligen metropole stuttgart befindet . w\u00e4ren hier nicht gerade einige banausen , welche diesen ort der idylle mit ihren allt\u00e4glich klingenden handys s\u00e4umen , k\u00f6nnte der genie\u00dfer ein wenig dem alltag entfliehen . empfinde das lapidarium selbst f\u00fcr ein ort der begegnung mit der muse ! ein reizvoller tipp f\u00fcr alle stressgeplagten stuttgart-besucher .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ein st\u00fcck mediterran in stuttgart . wenn man den eingang gefunden hat ( gar nicht sooo leicht ) , erwarten einen neben vielen sch\u00f6nen skulpturen auch ein wundersch\u00f6ner mini-park , lauschige g\u00e4nge , bequeme b\u00e4nke und vor allem ruhe . ein sch\u00f6ner ort f\u00fcr eine kleine auszeit f\u00fcr gestresste gro\u00dfst\u00e4dter . manchmal gibt es auch konzerte .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "... und nach der besichtigung des lapidariums die lauschige willy-reichert-staffel hinauf auf den gipfel der karlsh\u00f6he zum biergarten `` tschechen & s\u00f6hne '' ( http : www.qype.com place 440416-tschechen-soehne-biergarten-auf-der-karlshoehe-stuttgart ) -", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the king ! this place is so close to my house i could crawl there in 5 minutes . ok maybe not that long , but close enough . the staff is very friendly and is a family owned restaurant from what it seems . they are fluent in english , cantonese and mandarin so everyone is welcomed ! the pho here is amazing ! it 's a good price , good size and delicious ! they also have many other viet dishes , but i have n't tried yet . safe to say it 's probably quite bomb ! last note the milkshakes hmmmm . they are so good ! definitely must try avocado milkshake ! the parking lot can get a bit packed since it shares with the plaza . so be careful depending when you go !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pho king vietnamese cuisine has a really strange menu ... aside from the usual vietnamese pho , bun or whatever ... it is the first vietnamese restaurants i been to offering mala ( numbing spicy ) lamb noodle soup ? ! and there are quite a few lamb dishes on the menu too ... but coming here as a first timer , it is hard for me not to stay with my usual choice at a pho joint ? i will leave those lamb dishes for the more adventurous type ! special house pho small ( $ 5.75 ) - the broth was nicely seasoned and with a hint of herbs and anise - beef meat was plentiful , the tendon was especially tender - noodle was the fresh type - size wise the portion is more like a medium in a lot of places ! ! this used to be pho all http : www.yelp.ca biz pho-all-vietnamese-cuisine-markham and now is pho king ... . i sometimes get really confused myself where i am `` pho '' ing !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "passable pho . very tasty soup with a load of msg ( bring on the water ) and a soft yet springy texture in the noodles which is pleasant . the noodles here are a more traditional pho compared to the usual thinner ones found in toronto . price is fare at $ 7.75 for a medium shchi was comparable to the large at pho 88 . my wife had a large satay beef pho which was also tasty and just slightly spicy . will only come back here if passing by , if not , pho 88 is just down the road .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was disappointing , portion was small and the staff was very very rude . no eye contact ( she was rolling her eyes when we asked for spoons ) , lazy and almost splashed hot broth on our table . wo n't be returning and we do n't recommend it to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had lunch with a co-worker as i 've never been , and he recommended it . must say , service is fast . we both had pho noodle dishes and it came within minutes of ordering . service was fast , no need to repeat any request . enjoyed the soup base and would visit again . it was cash only since they said their machine was down.sign was on the counter facing the tables , but should have been on the door , visible when you walk in or at least mentioned by server .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got the house special pho in small size n it 's really really small . my friend got the tomato beef brisket noodle , both were very salty . the service is ok , just the food is n't very good . i asked the server to change the soup because it 's really too salty and they took it back in to add hot water to dilute the broth .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pho king has shrunk their bowl sizes from times past but they are still very large . good pho and spring rolls . place is nice and clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decided to grab some pho since we were in the area , and had n't had viet food in a while so we thought why not . the place was clean , and the service was prompt which is always a plus ( although we were the only ones there , so ... ) . anyway , the food was fine but the low rating is due to what another reviewer echoed , at that was there was hair in both of our meals . the bf found eyelashes - not just 1 eyelash , but eyelashes plural - in his pho , and i had the lovely honor of finding a greying hair in my vermicelli , follicle still attached yum . so eat here at your own risk if you have no other choices . i will not be back , not until their kitchen staff get with the times and wear hairnets or something .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "deep fried spring roll was pretty ok , i quite like it . however , the portion of their pho is quite small , and the taste is just ok . pretty like their bean sprouts , as you can get cooked bean sprouts if you really do n't like raw bean sprouts . i was very disappointed with their satay chicken skewers ... sauce has no satay taste ... taste like hot sauce with some peanuts ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was surprised and impressed at how nice their decor was . nothing overly fancy but very clean , pleasant , and respectable , even the bathrooms . you can tell they invested the money to create a nice atmosphere to dine in . their prices and portions are what you would expect from a vietnamese pho restaurant . i ordered the beef brisket stew in tomato sauce and while i generally find beef on the tough chewy side at pho restaurants , theirs was quite tender which is a reflection on the quality and preparation of their food . i tried the pho broth as well and it was good . overall i had a great dining experience . unfortunately ( for them ) not a lot of people were there on a saturday night but it did make it nice and quiet . i 'll definitely be coming back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for being around the most chinese based areas in toronto markham region , you ca n't expect much from this place . it 's located in metro square and one of many chinese run pho places in the north side of toronto . it is however the only place in the north area that sells bun rieu oddly enough . i can barely find that in the west end where it is predominantly viets . the staff wear shirts that say `` pho king '' on it but with a burger king logo . parking at the plaza is not enjoyable at all . it 's small , crammed and filled with bad chinese drivers ... i can say this because i 'm asian myself haha ! food is tasty , hot and price is fair . service is quick and so is the wait time for your food . you do get a bit thirsty though but that is nothing bubble tea ca n't fix next door . either way i would still come back if i do n't have high expectations . it is not bad nor is it spectacular .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pros : -nice & clean decor compared to many other pho places -portion size is above average , good value for money -good meat to noodle ratio -choice of fresh or dry noodles if you ask cons : -mediocre broth : they skimped on the pho spices while trying to over compensate by using msg & salt -sub standard meat quality , it was clearly frozen and therefore drier and tougher than fresh meat i had high hopes going to this place after reading reviews , but honestly it 's below average . if it were n't for the decor & portion size , i would 've given it 1 star .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food here is not so good . the soup base we tried we pretty disgusting . rare beef noodle soup and hue style noodle soup . took couple bites and we left . went to eat something else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been here quite a few times . when i first began to dine here , i always thought the food was great . however , the recent two times ( in a time span of 6 months ) , there was a nasty piece of hair with gunk on it . both times . disgusting ! i made sure it was a piece of hair by examining it . no matter how good the food is , you can not overcome that fact , especially if it has happened more than once . told the owner the first time , they did not even care .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been on a real vietnamese kick recently trying a few around my area and i picked this one because of the name . just like people say , the bowls are nice and big and the food was nice and tasty . the meat to noodle ratio could be better but i left satisfied . the staff are fast and friendly and parking is ok but far from perfect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "deliciously authentic thin pizzas . i highly recommend the plain cheese warm . you get such an incredible amount of flavour and authenticity in this pizza . so convenient with their drive thru to pick up a few and go . get a box of 6 ! 3 arm\u00e9nienne & 3 cheese", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've come to arouch many times over the years to get their delicious lahmajoun pizzas and it is always a treat . they sell several varieties of their armenian pizza but we always stick with their meat garlic pizza as well their cheese pizza . if you 've never had an armenian pizza , you should truly make the attempt to . the lahmajoun is a paper thin pizza with toppings that is wildly different to the traditional italian or north american style pizza . the experience is very nice and more importantly ... cheap ! the pizzas are always fresh , always tasty and are sold either in single units or in various packages . you ca n't go wrong with this !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow nouveau fast food et service au volant \u00e0 essayer si vous \u00eates \u00e0 laval . pizza arm\u00e9niennes d\u00e9licieuses et pas cher ( 3 $ et moins les pizzas ) il y a m\u00eame des deals si on en prend 6 : p", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rude , rude , rude . who the hell charges for vegetables on a sandwich ? i 'm in town for my cousin 's wedding and my mom wanted to try this place . we entered and the woman behind the counter gave us a cold , dead stare . we discussed our order in arabic . i ordered in french , she answered in english . after paying for our meal only then does she decide to engage us in arabic . once she found out we were from california it went back to the death stare . never again . i love canada , but i loath this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really like this place . my wife and i went on our way out from montreal and brought back a dozen meat pies to freeze . we had to hold ourselves back from ordering more since their flavors are so tempting and also available in halal meat which , to us , was a very pleasant and refreshing surprise . we also ate a greek pie for lunch and found it to be delicious and filling even without any toppings . if you 'd like to add any , make sure you try the pickled turnips . they balance the flavors very well . each topping is an extra 50 cents but it 's well worth the charge . the price is very affordable , especially the meat pies which come down to around 14 dollars for a dozen . if you 're in a hurry , use their drive-through !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was so happy to find a clean asian grocery store so i do n't have to trek all the way to tnt . the veggies look fresh and meat look good quality for very reasonable prices . cheaper than tnt . we get lactose milk and it 's usually 9 to 10 bucks elsewhere , only 7.99 here . we r pumped and will be returning . they accept credit card too", "score": "4"}
{"review": "centra is great . simple clean asian grocery store that saves me the trip down to scarborough ... great environment great service great selection . a great addition to the community", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well today i finally tried the roast pork and ordered some rice on the side - i got a a little over a pound for $ 7.20 good price . i 'm giving this super market an extra star today because now that i 've tried both the bbq pork and roast pork i can excitedly say it was amazing ! i 'm so glad this place is in the centra supermarket . as usual i picked up some various chinese greens that were priced well and other items . i 'm not going into too much details here as this is an update review . just take in the excitement of a good bbq place finally in aurora . keep it up centra . i may try the hot table counter foods quicker than anticipated .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this food market is terrible ! most things are not fresh at all and however expensive ! unfriendly staff , just go to other supermarkets instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they started taking credit cards two weeks ago.. and there prices are very good , some items much less than other shops in the area.. still need to be more organized.. the sea food section have lots of fresh items.. i like this place we have a veraity of goods from canada , asia , europe , and the middle east..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "moldy bread produce : stay away ! this location is selling moldy bread ! picture is attached and you can see expiry date is july 18th . today is july 16th that i 'm writing the review . please be advised , i 've encountered moldy fruits and also veggies in their produce department . many terrible experiences and see mold multiple times each week i happen to visit ! i 've addressed the issues with the store and manager and no one who works there is willing to accept responsibility , idk but maybe in china is legal to sell moldy foods huh ? health department has been contacted , but looks like they already visited and found nothing . hopefully they reopen their investigation and more people call health department to complain . disgusting and this is a health hazard that can make someone sick or die ; they need to be shutdown !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was driving around and actually stopped in for a star bucks in the st andrews plaza off of yonge st and happened to notice an asian super market . i decided to stop in and was very pleasantly surprised . i was expecting a more run down super market , as i 'm spoiled by t and t , but i have to say this little place reminds me of a smaller carbon copy of t and t. it 's nice seeing an asian supermarket of this cleanliness in aurora .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not too bad . has everything you would expect from a chinese grocery store . nothing fancy . i got tofu there twice and it was bad both times . stay away from the tofu and you 'll be fine !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's nice to have an asian store nearby , i 've been shopping here a lot . but most of the time when am at the cashier helping bagging the goods i bought , the cashier and the staff at the gourmet section would look at each other and signalled to look at my pussy and butt when i turned around . so ill mannered towards customers . some other stuffs that i can find in other grocery stores such as superstore , freshco etc . i 'd rather go there . hoping that the staffs of other stores do n't let themselves manipulated to treat customers disrespectfully .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place smells horrid . simply horrid . some days it 's better than others , but it never smells neutral or good . it smells like some sort of food has rotted and maybe some small creature died -- years ago -- and then everything fell into the bog of eternal stench . the staff does not speak much english . the store is small and cramped . it does , however , feature some items and brands that you would not find elsewhere , and it clearly has found a niche in the marketplace . it 's always busy . but it smells really bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give a zero i would . i called the day before my appointment and talked to the lady about nail art i wanted done for a wedding i 'm in . she had no problem . show up , and she had someone.. again no big deal to wait for me . my party of 3 , one got taken . it 's been 2 hours now and they have take 7 people before us 2 . disrespected is n't even a word . this is fucking rude and unfair . you ask when you will possibly get in and physically this young dude `` i do n't know , not my job '' i have never been to such a terrible place . scratch that just a place that gives no fucks about clients .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely love this place . i have never left unsatisfied and constantly get asked `` where did you get your nails done ? i love them ! '' . unlike most places they take their time , they 're very precise with their work and very precise with their designs . everybody who works there is friendly also and treats you like a friend . i 've never had any bubbling or any other nail mishaps . i live about 30 45 mins away but always am willing to make the drive because there 's no better place out there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i received a really great pedicure while i was super uncomfortable and pregnant . i could n't have asked for a cleaner and more professional salon . karen has amazing photos of work she has done , and she is very talented . great salon and great staff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for a manicure ( no polish just wanted to clean up my cuticles ) given the high rating , and was super disappointed . less than 15 minutes , zero cuticle oil or any sort or nourishment for the nails , uncleared nails , about a 20second `` massage '' . pathetic . do n't waste your time . i could have done a better job myself .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went for the first time last week . totally did n't know it was so close . julie did a great mani pedi and her aunt did great nail art with leaves . tons of compliments . took my daughter home for fall break for a pedi and she loves the spiderweb design on her big toes . my new fav nail salon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice salon . i 've had manicures and pedicures done there and each time i am completely happy . i will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe it took me so long to find this gem of a nail salon ! karen did a beautiful job on my nails , and her salon is attractive and welcoming . definitely going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes ! ! finally found a place to call my salon ! very clean , friendly , and reasonably priced . karen did an amazing job and i 'll never let anyone else touch my nails again . she was able to clean up and perfect my nails and she had her work cut out for her . ca n't recommend this place more . only thing i want to mention is while you can use your card to pay , you can not leave tip on there so make sure you bring cash for tip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was out in the north hills and stumbled upon this gem as i have been in search for a new salon , and i am so thankful to have found this place . i will definitely back to have tran do my nails and karen provide her artistic skills on special occasions !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here yesterday to get acrylics and was very happy with the outcome ! i was very upset that when i called to see how much acrylics were i was told $ 27 . when i got there they said to get pink and white was $ 50 and to get color was $ 27 . i was only told one price and was upset to find out that i was told the wrong price for my nails . please be more specific when telling clients the correct price for things .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do not judge a book by its cover ! the plaza this salon is in does n't look very welcoming , but this salon is great . hands down the cleanest salon i have ever been to , and there 's nothing worse than being pampered in the dust of someone else 's nail shavings . the staff is incredibly friendly and accommodating . our entire bridal party got mani pedis and some had their brows done . everyone is happy , and nail secrets allowed us to bring our own pizza and champagne . i 'd recommend this place to anyone , and it will be my first choice for a salon from here on out in the north hills .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's kind of funny that i 'm reviewing this place when my wife is the one who found it and purchased a number of jewelry pieces from them ( well , i bought a couple for her as birthday gifts technically ) while we were in town for ces this year . she initially bought her first couple of items from a kiosk in the fashion mall thing i believe , but then she saw this full shop on our way to lunch in the venitian and had to stop in to browse . they have really beautiful pieces with a wide variety of stones , gold types , etc . and the really remarkable thing is that the prices are actually really affordable given the quality of the work and the presentation of the jewelry . there will be one opening up in south coast plaza in orange county sometime soon and i have no doubt that my wife will want to check it out . summary : great jewelry at great prices . the owner of this shop that is moving to oc next year was very friendly and informative .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no pressure to buy , but how can you not resist the temptation ! got in and out with what i really wanted !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love eric andrew 's jewelry . i 've bought a few necklaces and a pair of earrings . i always get compliments about how unique and pretty they are . i wish they had a store on the east coast because i only get to go when i 'm in las vegas . i had contacted the owner about a location that used to exist in providence , ri and he responded very promptly . he provided me with great customer service and it really made me just want to buy more . i ca n't wait to go back to vegas and visit the store again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have a nice collection at the kiosk inside caesar 's palace . beautiful chains , pendants , ear-rings ; ohhh the swarovski crystals sparkle so much that you just ca n't resist trying something on and then eventually buying them . service is top-notch ; the ladies patiently showed all the collections until i took my own sweet time to select something that i liked .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "competing in the charlotte food fight 2016 , new wrap order had their usuals and then a special menu for the competition . my eye went right to the number one , the deep south bowl , a tasty combination of bacon pieces , chopped grilled chicken , chopped tomatoes and pimento cheese on top of a bed of lettuce . quite tasty with the hot chicken melting the pimento cheese and the crunchy bacon , i enjoyed it tons . i 'd have that one again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got to try these guys at the charlotte food fight 2016 . their entry were the wonchos ( wonton skin nachos ) topped with mangoes , cloister honey and other goodies . delicious but very sweet . more of a dessert than an appetizer for me . the only thing that would have made it better would have been a scoop of homemade vanilla ice cream ! ! good job guys ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hey wow , another food truck to try in charlotte ! so this one does wraps or bowls in various styles and wonchos ( wonton nachos ) . consider me impressed . ordering is easy . pick bowl or wrap then pick your protein ( chicken , beef , carnitas , or portabello ) and then pick your style ( choices include mediterranean , west coast , traditional , dirty south , mongolian , caribbean , and indian ) . that 's it . but as an extra consider getting one of the three styles of wonchos . trust me . i ordered the mediterranean portabello for a friend and the mongolian chicken for myself and we shared the traditional wonchos . all were amazing with great flavors but i especially enjoyed the wonchos which were better than nachos ! fast and friendly service as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "go . or do n't . meh . i ordered the bowl , with chicken , mongolian style . it was cold and included several pieces of beef . also , i asked for pimento cheese as my side with wonton chips and received the avocado crema . chips were heavy and crema was underwhelming . i liked the fresh chopped broccoli and the overall flavor of my dish , but it would have been better served hot , especially given the price . wo n't seek them out again , but if it 's between becoming hangry and eating , i 'll deal . go , if you must .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my first experience here and i loved it ! i got the wrap with steak and it was west coast style . the wrap part was n't too heavy but it was a good soft wrap . the steak was n't chewy , it was moist and had great additional flavor . on my wrap there was also a basil avocado creamy sauce and it was fresh and amazing . i also ordered the traditional wanchos ( wonton nachos ) . this also had the basil cream sauce and beans , tomatoes and fried wonton chips . i would recommend this place to everyone . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this truck has some of the freshest ingredients and their wraps and bowls explode with flavor ... i 'm literally drooling thinking about the mongolian style wrap with the most tender juicy steak . not to mention the wonchos ( fried wonton style nachos ) are something out of this world . if you get your wrap in a bowl , i would recommend grabbing a side of fried wontons to scoop up that goodness . also i grabbed a wrap from them one night , and had a couple of hours before i could eat it ( torture ) but after being in the fridge it held up so well i swear it tasted even better . they 're definitely doing something right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the concept of different flavors around the world that you can try at this one food truck ! we tried three wraps - 1 . dirty south , 2 . caribbean 3 . west coast . if your looking for something fresher lighter side ; definitely go with the west coast with chicken . the avocado brings the wrap together . if your looking for something more hearty , go for the dirty south with steak . it has pimento cheese in it ! ! need i say more ? yumm ! caribbean speaks for itself . the plantain chips and toasted coconut bites gave it the perfect crunch and a touch a sweetness .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the marinated chicken mongolian style was very good ! so stoked they came to our event at work . fresh ingredients done right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ate from new wrap order when they were parked at noda . i was pretty impressed with their offerings ! the asian style wanchos were the clear favorite and should be a must order when ever you find yourself near this food truck . i also had a delicious caribbean wrap ... i loved the crunchy bits of plantains and the jamaican jerk sauce ! my boyfriend got the traditional wrap . i had a taste and was n't that impressed with his selection . compared to the bold flavors in the wanchos and my wrap , it just kinda fell flat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love getting new wrap order for lunch . they have a decent variety of wraps ( or bowls ) and their ingredients do n't taste processed or stale . great value considering how much you get form a food truck typically . known for the sauces for a reason .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every bite was amazing . we all got the traditional bowl with steak . it was fast , it was fulfilling and it was tasty . i will look on fb for their schedule . a must have again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a few follow up visits i have to adjust my just fresh review . first point - the prices have been raised . not the end of the world but i would have expected better food service after prices were raised instead of it going downhill . the last couple of visits have been spotty with items being left off when the food is brought out . some of the staff are friendly but many are not . on our last visit i was finishing up my plate when the waitress came to clear my boyfriend 's empty plate . she asked if he was finished and since he was in the middle of a conversation with me had to turn and ask her what she said . she mumbled , rolled her eyes and with a sigh said `` nevermind '' while she grabbed his plate and walked off . i found her attitude pretty rude and we will probably not return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was absolutely delicious ! it was suggested to me by books a million . i was wasting time waiting for my children to enjoy a day at carowinds . i had a salad and a smoothie , and read my book for a few hours . the hostess was precious and frequently asked if she could get me ice water or lemons . i would absolutely go back . hopefully , this chain makes it 's way south to columbia or lexington , sc .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! i always get a sandwich of some sort . i 've tried several of them and have yet to get a bad one ! the service is always perfect and the staff is always friendly and more than willing to offer suggestions ! they have brunch as well on sunday 's ! i recommend this place for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used to be ok ... now its just not good . last time i went there was food all over the floor and the tables were n't clean . add to this a less than tasty burger at a high price , and i 'm not going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i really like the options they have for sandwiches and wraps ! artichokes and pestos and portobello wraps . all very tasty . plus you can customize your smoothie with kale , chia , flax , or avo . very fresh !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not impressed . `` just fresh '' served me a stale tortilla wrap . we were a little later than the regular lunch crowd , but there were still plenty of people around . i was surprised that , with them being reasonably busy , they would be serving stale food . otherwise it was reasonably nice . the restaurant was clean , the staff was friendly , and i usually like the just fresh food . they have tasty healthy options , but at those prices it really ought to be fresh .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place as gone way down hill with service . i use to tell everyone how great it is , and if you have n't been in a bout 6 months.. do n't go , just hold on to that memory of a great place . no one there seems to give a hoot about the customers . one of many examples- i phoned my order in , i drove up there ( knowing it would be ready ) .. i paid the cashier , watched her walk over and grab my food ... and then she just started chatting with a cook , for several minutes i watch as she held my togo box sideways.. i finally walked over and just asked for it , and she handed it over..sideways and all ... and this as been the norm now , just a total lack of care about the customer experience . another time i placed a togo order , i paid , she said it was n't ready ... 15 minutes later she grabs a box that has been sitting on the counter since before i got there and hands it to me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it was the worst dining experience i 've had in a while . my bacon was burnt . the sausage was bland . the hash browns were dry and tasted like they were left over from last sunday . i will never come back to this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very great and healthy options . service is great ! the sandwiches are really good especially the turkey burger very rich in flavor and the bun is delicious . so glad it 's in rivergate now another dining spot to enjoy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my blue cobb salad was good , and pretty healthy to boot . the nutritional info is easy to find and they have full breakdowns of everything which is good for anyone trying to be conscious of what they 're eating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i thought it was a fluke the first time i went in just fresh a couple months ago . but after coming several times since then , i 've noticed that the staff is constantly unfriendly . they are not very patient , never a smile , or a `` thank you '' . i love the food here , i just wish the staff was more pleasant to interact with . new visit ... .tried to call a head for take-out and was put on hold for 4 minutes ! i hung-up assuming they were busy inside . i called back a minute or two later and it was a busy signal . tried again , same busy signal . ( eye roll ) who does n't have more than one line ? i arrived to physically walk-in and place my order and there is no one in the building . just an employee taking on the phone casually ( hence it being busy i assume ) . this was a very frustrating experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "oh just fresh , how i used to love thee . i used to love this place since it was fresh and food came out delicious . but sadly , after several unsatisfactory meals , i must part ways . dry tasteless sandwiches , overpriced salads with minimal toppings , and lackluster service was the tipping point . i am not sure what happened within the last year but they need to find mojo .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "oh my ! i think just fresh got it right ! they are serving up fresh ingredients in tons of yummy salads , sandwiches and wraps at pretty reasonable prices ! i stopped in for lunch on saturday afternoon and it was pretty packed inside ! i settled on the little red rooster wrap which has chicken , ham , applewood smoked bacon , provolone , lettuce tomatoes and honey dijon on a tomato basil tortilla . the combination of the meats with the honey dijon was perfect ! everything pair so well together and the tortilla was so full of flavor robust flavor . it was like a party in my mouth ... awesome ! as a side , i tried the cucumber dill pasta salad , and this was another winner in my book ! great flavors with the seasonings they used and the dill added a very unique flavor ! overall , for the price and portion size , i 'm keeping this place as one of my new favorites !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just fresh is just freakin amazing . everything on the freakin menu is freakin delicious . from the salads to the sandwiches to the burgers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "looking to go out but stay healthy ? this place has very healthy food and good for you . the sweet potato fries are really good and so is the turkey burgers too . i have been coming here for a few years now and would suggest it to anyone who wants to be health .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "welcome to high priced mediocre food ! foods not horrible just mediocre for the high prices they charge . never again ... breakfast for two ( two wraps , pancakes , and oj for $ 32 ) . if this were exceptionally good food i would not mind the exhorbinant price .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've eaten at this just fresh for about four years and just realized that i 've never written a review . i usually stop at jf for lunch or dinner . they have lots of choice on the menu and i can always find something good . they recently raised their prices , but they still provide good value for the price . tables are clean and it 's a good atmosphere . they also provide a punch card that gets to a free sandwich with the purchase of 10 sandwiches . mondays are `` double punch '' days , so you get two punches for each meal you purchase .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything tasted so fresh ! it was light , but also satisfying ! there are so many choices to choose from on the menu , so i 'll be coming back to try them all . i really love their green tea and i definitely recommend getting that if you 're looking for a refreshing drink . i got the cucumber and dill pasta salad and personally i think there was too much sauce , but that just depends on personal preference ! it was still good . the staff was super friendly and the environment is clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had breakfast here the other day . super good ! wish the fruit side was something other than melons , i would love to have had strawberries or something", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food at just fresh is simply amazing . i have tried sandwiches , wraps , salads , soups ... you name it . everything is splendid . the prices are a bit steeper than a standard fast food joint , so if you 're expecting an upscale subway , then just move along . this is a lifestyle restaurant that is n't selling the cheapest lose weight item , but the best and freshest food you 'll find . i ca n't say enough . food good ... eat here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have always enjoyed going to just fresh . they have a decently large menu for most people to find something . it does get a little busy during lunch but the staff has been on top of it and extremely apologetic if something does n't come out right and they make it right . it 's quieter for breakfast if you want to just stop in though . it 's a good `` go to '' place for lunch that will please most people with fresh ( hot and cold ) options !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just as the name states , they 're fresh . fast food and a great atmosphere . i have tried a variety of things from here and never been disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "order lunch take out frequently . it is always ready , hot & the lunch person is very courteous . the order is always right . no muss , no fuss , healthy & better than most places around that are fast food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do not eat here with kids ! we were asked to `` clean up our mess '' of our 2 18 month olds ... is this how you treat parents ? the manager said several complaints were made by other guests ... is this good customer service ? with all the choices and a redundant menu like this ... look around especially if you have kids ! the food is ok , again there are several choices ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had the godfather which was very good . daughters kids pizza was solid . my wife liked her pimento sandwich . the pea salad was a good side despite being a little heavy on the onion . i will agree that the staff is a bit morose and detached but they were cordial overall . prices were good and a decent healthy option which is rare in charlotte . the restaurant profile on yelp says beer and wine but this location did not have alcohol .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just fresh was tasty i found out i like pimento cheese sandwiches from them . it 's fast no complaints it has a basic menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just go to their website to see the nutritional information for their products . wraps , sandwiches , and salads have absurdly high levels of salt and fat . this is the norm for fast food products ; however , if your slogan is `` eat great , feel great '' and you claim to offer healthy foods , i have higher expectations . the very veggie wrap has 597 calories and 30 grams of fat ! that 's freaking absurd ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the side cucumber pasta salad is tasty and refreshing , but the sandwiches i 've tried so far have been pretty bland . i love the sweet green tea from their dispensers though . it 's a nice atmosphere", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just fresh ? what a contradictory name . i 've been here twice and each time i have had the same disappointing experience . the food is usually over cooked and tasteless . i would expect a better meal for the price they charge .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely delicious ! great selection on sandwiches and salads ... oh the turkey burger is dangerously good . the staff is nice and friendly . love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were painting our house 3 weekends ago and decided to stop by just fresh for a lunch break . i got the california dreamer wrap which is roast beef with an artichoke parmesean spread and the cucumber dill pasta salad . both were awesome ! i loved the wrap ! i 'm not a fan of cucumbers , but i still liked the overall flavor of the pasta salad . kevin go the bahama mama wrap which is chicken with feta cheese and peppers . it was also fabulous ! i ca n't wait to try their other wraps as they have some great flavors to their wraps , and they are different than your usual sandwich shop . there was no problem with service , order and wait for the food to arrive at your table . food came fast for them being busy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome , friendly service , great pricing , healthy food ... eat lunch without feeling sluggish ... their salads rock ... it 's a great little local lunch spot ( :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is consistent , and servers are friendly . more often than not , food comes out super quick . turkey burger is incredible ! unsweetened green tea is my favorite beverage ... especially with free refills ! we come here often for lunch on work days , and there 's something for everyone . another favorite of the group is the quesadilla . the also deliver if you are nearby and have a large enough order . we use them a lot for smaller lunch meetings . they have enclosed the outdoor seating , so you can be outside even when the weather is bad . they open it up on nice days , so it makes a nice escape from the stuffy office on a friday afternoon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so let me start off by saying their menu style is somewhat similar to panera bread , mcalister 's deli and etc . the biggest difference is they offer grilled items like a burger or chicken sammie . me personally , i like them best compared to mcalister 's or panera . the food and service is always on point here . check them out if you have n't already given them a chance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have eaten here a couple times and i do n't think i was unhappy about anything other than their prices . its kind of expensive to me but it taste good . they have one of the best turkey burgers i 've had in a long time and their banana pudding is pretty tasty . the food is made to order and their cashiers are very friendly . its nice and clean , plus its located in a nice shopping mall .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "okay food . ordered to go . 20 minutes on a drink . ended up eating there . defeated the to go purpose .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food - wonderful service - annette is the best server around and always has a smile w kind words ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent customer service , friendly staff , great atmosphere ! the food is delicious and not greasy at all . it stands to its name and tastes fresh ! i would recommend this to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here a couple times . i am an avid juicer smoothie drinker . i would not vouch for their smoothies . they claim to be fresh but are not fresh at all . however , their mediterranean chicken sandwich is really good with sweet potato fries .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a definite go to spot when i 'm in the area ! tasty ingredients , friendly customer service . they even recently updated their menu for even more options . one of the best options in the area for `` fast food '' , whether you take it to go , or sit in the dining area . i enjoy having this option around , so i do n't have to stop for your normal fast food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fresh food , great ingredients and healthy options is a recipe for success . had just a turkey burger , which was amazing ! ! ! the restaurant is clean , fairly quick ( although if you are on a lunch break , i would call in your order ) and staff is very nice.. the turkey burger is my favorite and its a thick , juicy patty on a nice soft bun . yum ! one of the staff knew i liked my ketchup with red wine vinegar in it . she had picked some up and stored it in the back . next time i came in , she gave me some .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the concept is good , it 's kinda like mcalisters but without the great sweet tea . their green tea has a hint of mint . the pasta salad is pretty decent . the veggie burger was ok , the avocado is fresh , so is the tomatoes and lettuce but the texture of the veggie burger is too spongy for me . maybe i 'll come back to try their salads .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have a just fresh under a mile from my house and i 've never gone , but somehow i end up eating at this one.. overall i 'd say its definitely three star material . minimal service ( which is how it was designed ) , edible food , decent prices , clean tables . i had one of the chicken sandwiches and it was alright , nothing amazing . i was full after but i was n't really satisfied . there were a few things i would have tried if i had n't given cheese up for lent , but i 'm guessing they all are about the same , mediocre crowd pleaser . i bet there are one or two awesome items on that menu , and in a pinch i could make my way back to one , but i think i can find better lunch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "going here really boils down to a question of 'why ? ' . the food is n't terrible , but it is n't great . it certainly is n't authentic . there are a multitude of other places in town that manage to have decent food without smothering it in bland sauces and fake cheeses .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "me and my girlfriend walked into this place after mary anns diner was full from unofficial weekend . the chips where not bad , but when i took the first bite after dipping it in the salsa my perception of this place completely changed . the salsa tasted like it was from a can . the service was not bad but i think the waiter suspected we were not enjoying our meal . everything tasted like it was microwaved and on top of that the food was already bad . if i wanted beef tacos , tomato sauce enchiladas , and flavorless rice i would have gone down the street and ate at taco bell for half the price . to sum things up , if you want authentic mexican food , do not go here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "of all the places to review i do n't know why i did n't think of this shop sooner . almost ten years ago i had friend who was very knowledgeable about cars and recommended this shop to me . the owner luis is very polite , professional , and does great work for affordable prices . i recently moved to phoenix from the east valley but quickly realized how luckily i am to have found this shop . another shop tried to charge me crazy amounts of money for things that i did n't even need fixed at the time , while honn-auto repair fixed what was broken for a great price . i will take the extra time to drive across town for peace of mind that my car is being worked on by knowledge , fair people . thank you luis , i am a customer for life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to luis ' shop since 2005 ... from west valley , from phoenix . he has taken care of many car issues for us , in economical way . highly recommend to anyone to save a few bucks vs. auto repair chain stores . he will give you the personal attention .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "he is a horrible person who puts used parts or wrong parts and claims they are new . took him 3 of my vehicles within a short period of time , and each one failed just as quickly . my new mechanic said i was lucky i was not in a serious accident . one of his ex mechanics would n't work on the 2nd one because he recognized it and knew that luis had screwed us . the 3rd one failed within 1 mile of his shop . i 'm suing him so if anyone else has suffered at his hands , take him to court and make him pay you back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is by far the best and most honest company to do business with . i would advise not to take your vehicle to any other place but honn auto . a company you can depend on and most of all trust ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could n't disagree more with cathy d 's review . luis has fixed my family 's cars for years and has always treated me well . we brought my mother in law 's van to him to get the a c fixed . he told us the van was so old that it would cost too much to fix it vs. the value of the vehicle . he could have easily taken our money but did the right thing . i always recommend him to my friends who want a top notch mechanic at a reasonable price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tired of sketchy auto repair places ? ? i can promise you , you wo n't find a more honest and affordable mechanic in town than honn auto . i have been bringing my car here for 3 years now and have never had an issue with the service , and pricing for any repairs is half the price of other auto places . quality work every time . i intentionally drive across town to come here because i can have full confidence in the work done . i recommend to all my family and friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't buy their maintenance package ! ! ! they do n't include any basic standard tuneup items ! ! ! all they do is try to sell you high margin add on parts . and this year they tried to sell me $ 380 for basic tuneup items they have advertised on their website for $ 169 ! ! i showed this to the service tech and he just shrugged his shoulders and said it would be $ 380 unless i extended for four more years . called the main office and asked to speak to a manager or supervisor and no one returned my call . will never use these guys again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tried to charge $ 400.00 for a $ 25.00 part . no thanks . do your research and be sure to ask questions .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "our a c unit was blowing hot air on a saturday so i called to schedule an appointment - next available one was on sunday which was great . i was told a technician would call 1 2 hour before coming over and would be here between 1-6pm . i told them i needed to leave by 4pm and they said no problem . i 'm used to the drill so i stayed close to home all afternoon - no call . i called at 3:20pm and they said they would n't be able to get someone over and needed to reschedule . a total waste of my time . thanks precision air .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what is with the self absorbed dude in the ads on the billboards . is he trying to get a date or promote a business ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "have a maintenance contract with these folks and their prices for parts are absolutely ridiculous . was charged 216 for a transformer , it 's a $ 20 part . i get overhead , labor , gas , truck maintenance , marketing etc . but an 1100 percent up charge ? ? ? on top of the control board that had a 400 % up charge . that was all with my `` discount '' . find an ethical company to business with . on a positive note the technicians were helpful despite the gouging the management has in place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a bad experience and posted a negative review . sandra , on yelp , asked me to call and talk to her about my experience . i tried twice to talk to her with no luck . on the third try , she answered the phone . she did not have my correct phone number to return my calls . really . company is very un- professional in my opinion .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awful customer service . i called to schedule a tune up and was told by erika that they had no time . she said they have a service call appointment available between 5-9 for a $ 59.95 trip fee . i told her i would need to speak to my husband . i called back and talked to anna to schedule the appointment for tonight who told me there was n't anything available . i told her i just spoke to erica who said there was . she came back and said she could get us in but it would be closer to 9 . i said that was fine . after she got all of my info she said she did n't have anything available until tomorrow because our unit is working . i told her it was running loud and seemed to be not cooling as well and that i have a toddler and a dog in the home and i wanted to get it checked out before something happened . this company does n't care about the customers . read and trust the reviews .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very prompt however listening is n't a specialty . i specifically told them that they needed a ladder to get on the third story so when they showed up at 930 pm without a ladder i was upset . then the service guy says we do n't go up on the third story . um ... yes you do . you replaced my entire unit about 2 years ago . you were n't complaining when i forked over $ 7000 to you . now they tell me the repair is going to be $ 800 and that 's only labor . i had a 1 % chance that i would get a faulty part and i drew the lucky straw ! as a homeowner i just scratch my head . who can afford this garbage ! ? !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we bought a very expensive new a c unit from them and have had nothing but problems . we even purchased a maintenance plan with them and had the unit tuned up every year . in three years the unit has broke four times in the middle of summer , leaving us and our young children sweating all night long . even though the unit is under warranty and we purchased a maintenance plan , we have had to pay a visit fee every time they came out to look at the unit . all this while our other 17 year old , builders grade a c unit has not had one problem . this new unit was supposed to be rated at 16 seer , yet our electric bills continue to increase every year , everything else unchanged . we will definately look elsewhere when we have to replace our other unit .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "told us they were coming out between 8-12 and after waiting all morning they called and told us it would be sometime after 12 .. really ? ? ? ? ? so we cancelled .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we made an appointment with precision five days ago and they were supposed to come today . they called this morning to say our appointment would be delayed , but someone would be out this afternoon . precision just called back to say they are `` overbooked '' and no one will be out to our house at all today ! ! how can you make an appointment with a company so many days in advance for them to cancel the day of ? ? ... after we were accommodating enough to move the appointment to the afternoon , nonetheless ! ! ! very disappointing . poor reservation schedule obviously . they were n't even apologetic . we will never be using this company ever again ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "two years ago they came when i needed them because my air was dead , they fixed a dead `` cap '' but then told me there was a leak and i 'd need a new system for $ 6k . i had a second opinion done by another company ( integrity air , certified by rosie on the house ) and he said the freon was probably low from years of a c techs hooking up their equipment for my annual inspections and a little leaked out each time . he said he could n't find any evidence of a leak . this was after i had paid over $ 300 for precision to do a `` leak test '' which consisted of going up in the attic for about 4 minutes and making some beeping sounds ... .at that rate those tests are apparently $ 4500 per hour ! . i 'll never use precision again . update 2 years later ... the system that these con-artists said needed replacing is still working great .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ac check was not worth the high $ amount and way below expections . i had way better service for far less money . and never got the free fliter .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i initially contacted this company on may 23rd because my rental unit had a roof tile hit the freon line . i was told i needed to pay a $ 59.95 service call up front . if i did the work it would be refunded back . also , they would not be able to respond until the next day . the repairman called me the next day and told me the bill to repair and replace freon would be just under $ 1,700.00 because primarily the freon which is r22 and bad for the ozone , whatever , did the work . i checked my finance records as usual on the 26th , precision charged for the service but also kept the initial service call , i called , the representative put me on hold and when she came back on said it would be refunded . i called today the 5th of june and was told it was deducted from the repair charge . two different stories equal scammers ! ! find another company !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "$ 269 to replace a thermostat wire 3 feet long . i feel i was ripped off . make sure you get a quote first . the repair took 5 minutes . but hey the $ 59 service call was free . did i mention he wanted to sell me a service contract for $ 900 . so to be clear ... .my repair cost $ 53.80 per minute . this repair should have been $ 60 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "over charged on a blown fuse , waved new customer fee for diagnosis of 59.99 i should have just paid for that instead . then bought my own fuse . never again do n't use over priced .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my a c condenser died on wednesday evening . i called on thursday morning and technician mark rose was at my house within an hour . after deciding i needed a new unit he said he would have a supervisor come by for me to sign paperwork . the supervisor dave meyers was at my house before mark had even left . for once i really felt my needs were the utmost important . on saturday morning rosario , justin and willy showed up right on time . they were super nice , friendly and very professional . they made what i thought would be a huge task seem so easy . thank you for being there for me . you guys are fantastic ! bev amara", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tech never showed up . office and tech said they 'd be here at 3pm . no calls and no tech by 3:30 . cancelled installation . they lost $ 7900 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "did n't fix issue even when i asked them to check the air conditioning fan , which was the issue . gave me new condenser caps and they have been good in the past but this checkup was a waste of money , they never responded when i called and wanted to talk to someone about it . i 'll change the review of they ever call .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you use precision air , it 's like opening a `` can of worms '' ! your problems have just begun ! ! ! during the time they spent here trying to get a `` new ? '' unit in & ongoing problems for months after . how does one put a unit in the attic backwards ? ! ? ! ? ! ! ? i would not recommend these clowns to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have been dealing with a home warranty company sending out shady technicians of their choice . after being without ac for a week and then being told our repairs would not be covered under warranty , we decided to call you . what a relief ! we called around 11am yesterday and you were able to send a technician out within hours ! our technician was aaron and he did a great job . i felt bad that he was at my house until almost 9pm , but he never complained and was determined to get the job done . we were so happy with the service that we scheduled an estimate for a new unit next week . thank you so much ! -mary christensen & tom kosik , surprise , az", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chris , tech 452770 , arrived on time and got right to the problem . and the good news was that the problem was n't near as serious as we thought it was . we 've used precision before , and will have them back every year to tune up our system .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they owe me a refund for canceled maintenence agreement 6 months is too long erika explain why tom king lied again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "both technicians i have worked with have been great . daniel messmer did a great job on a tight time line today", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in addition to getting a new ac heating unit from precision air and heating , i had roof vents installed . thom and ed did a great job , and worked fast . ca n't hardly tell where the vents are on the roof . you can count on them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "any plumbing issues ? call and ask for isaak . greatest , nicest tech i have ever had come out from this establishment . courteous , kind , on time , fast and great with my dogs . i would request him again in a heartbeat . no upsales , and fair price for my issue . thanks , isaak ! i called and let your work place know , too ! -cathy rhodes", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after posting my recent experience on yelp , i received a call from tom king ( operations manager ) . mr. king was very concerned about my experience and assured me that the replacement of capacitor on my new bryant unit should have been covered under the manufacturers warranty . mr. king apologized for my experience , thanked me for my concerns and informed that precision air & heating would be issuing me a refund for the charge of replacing the capacitor . i am pleased to say that i received a full refund in the amount of $ 153 , the amount i was originally charged . i chose precision air & heating to install and service my new ac system just for this reason ! ! thank you mr. king , for correcting this issue .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i shopped around for two new ac units . not only was precision air and heating the best priced , but also they were the most honest , flexible and responsive ! the day of the install , which i thought would take all day , but really took about 4 hours . they were courteous , friendly and respectful of our home - i love that they wear booties ! ricky , willie , and aaron were great ! ricky was very professional and also very friendly and had lots of patience as i asked him tons of questions ! willie and aaron did a good job with the install as well . i am now a precision air & heating loyal customer ! thanks ! dawn brown invoice # 284554", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a great experience with james jose and armando . they sold and installed a new air conditioner for us . the experience was great . the equipment was installed on schedule and very professionally . the price was as expected .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very pleased with the recent installation of our new ac unit . marco and jose were very professional and did a great job . the next day , my unit turned off . i called and kc came out and was incredibly informative . it was a simple fix , just a sensor a little to close . not only did kc identify the problem , he also showed me where the sensor was . i really appreciated the time he took to go over it with me . i am loving my new ac unit . jennifer caruso", "score": "5"}
{"review": "arizona does n't get very cold during the day but the nights can be chilly . when the heat did not as well as it had in the past i gave precisionairandheating a call and rick came to the rescue . he was extremely nice and professional . he even showed me the bad heating cooling coil that needed replacing . he even showed me how to use the new thermostat . thanks for everything rick . sorry it took me a week to post this review . i really appreciated all your efforts . tricia cook", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wanted to make sure i dug up this company from the several pages of better companies that come up on yelp when searching for air conditioning repair . after hearing the radio ad i got online and used the instant messaging to get someone out to my house . the customer service was promising ! we had been without a properly working upstairs air conditioning unit for several days and precision was able to get someone on their way to us immediately . coy is a marvelous salesman . i imagine he does well at what he does . unfortunately what he does is make tons of promises , condescending and dumbed down explanations , and then when he hands you a written estimate it has nothing that he promised . ultimately i went with my gut and cancelled the scheduled service call before they came out . this company ( or maybe just this salesman ) is downright swarmy . after getting two more estimates we ultimately went with 1-800-cooling ( previously cooling for less ) . they delivered more and gave incredible service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "aaron came out today he was very professional and knowledgeable . he went out of his way to keep it quiet when he noticed my 8month old twins sleeping in the living room . he has done an amazing job and ca n't wait to continue service with you guys tim vucurevich 309188", "score": "4"}
{"review": "garrett despain was our service person . garrett arrived within agree-upon time and was very friendly , helpful , knowledgeable , and honest , answering all of our questions and also assisting us in renewing our pma . we have been precision air customers for many years and appreciated the service from garrett . billy and brenda parker chandler az", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very responsive company . retuned our call promptly and arrived ahead of schedule . rick was professional and got our unit cooling again within minutes . will gladly use them again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the $ 160 tune up done , and the technician anthony was very professional and friendly . but after the inspection , it was recommended that i change two capacitors and the contactor switch which ended up costing $ 800 . the testimonial on their website mentions that someone else needed the same thing but was offered some of the parts for free . they ended up spending $ 300 instead of $ 800 . why did n't i get that deal ? maybe precision expects you to haggle with them to get a better price . i checked pricing for parts online and they only cost about $ 30 each . i 'll probably go somewhere else next time unless they make this right . john doak .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "on june 2017 , my air conditioning was dead and needed new unit . so , i have called precision air & heating for quote and never received a call back . i have asked my sister 's and brother-in-law to call them too and they have no luck either . precision finally called back after a week later . what a bad service ... ... ... ..i will never call them again ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "troy came out today to our house to check our ac . prepared for the worst , i was extremely surprised at his patience and willingness to explain things in a way i could understand . troy told us what needed to be fixed but did n't pressure us into fixing it . he showed a genuine compassion for helping us by offering options . it was refreshing to have a company actually care about you as a customer instead of just as a way to make money . keep up the great work and make sure to keep employees like troy happy ! ! they are an asset to your company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has been the summer from hell as far as heat-pumps . first the unit for our bedroom failed a few nights ago , this was new 2 years ago and just not working , anthony was out the next day to diagnose the problem and found a broken reversing valve that had destroyed the compressor . they needed to order parts , since the unit was so new , and were out 3 days later to install . phil k. arrived on time and got right to work , cold air again in a few hours . skip ahead three days and we have a burning insulation smell in the house , we noticed the inside fan on the other heat-pump was not running and called precision again . they had a tech out the same day , aaron a. replaced the fan motor in a little over 1 hour . everyone at precision was helpful and gave us excellent service throughout .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "coy was the absolute best . he came , diagnosed the problem and found the solution immediately ! ! ! i will always use precision air ! ! ! i can not say enough great things about coy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we called precision air & heating when our air conditioning unit for the upstairs of our house stopped working the day before arizona hit 100 degrees ! james showed up the same day as our call to inform us that unfortunately the motor and the wheel barrel had rusted away and needed to be replaced ! coordinating the repairs has been so easy ! we rent the house and our landlords live out of the country but precision was able to work with all of us to get this done smoothly and easily ! we will definitely call precision again when the downstairs unit stops working next ! : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my ac went out on june 24th and after fighting with my home warranty i decided to call precision air & heating . they sent claude out and he was extremely knowledgeable and courteous . he was able to tell me what was going on with my ac and what my options were . he was also able to tell me exactly how much everything would cost and how long his team would take . every interaction i 've had with this company from the receptionists on the phone to the estimate to the service men has been outstanding . everyone is polite , professional , and punctual . awesome company to work with and i am cancelling my home warranty !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yikes ! had an appointment in a time frame of 11-2 a good 3 hour window and they did n't show up or bother to call they would be late . i get a call from cindy 40 mins after 2pm and she says the guy is on his way to the house . she is extremely rude and hangs up on me when i tell them politely that i no longer want to have the appointment anymore because i already ordered from another company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i chose this company because of the great yelp reviews . unfortunately they did not live up to the expectation . i had an appointment for someone to come and measure furniture for some custom glass tops and they no showed . i called and they said i was n't scheduled on their books . i was n't offered any apology and here i am . there is nothing worse than someone wasting your time . i had plans to be doing something else but cancelled them to be home waiting for davis in their time window . disappointing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have had a generally bad experience with this company . the installer was very nice , but their office staff is not good . they lost my first appointment , i spent an entire afternoon at home waiting for the installer and when i called to ask , the woman was quite rude , said it was my fault , and then said they would be there the following day and hung up on me . my window for the following day was 1-4pm , and they did not show up until after 5pm . no one , at any point , offered any sort of apology . i 've now wasted two entire afternoons waiting for them . i wo n't be using them again and recommend you do not either .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my home was burglarized and i called davis to fix my sliding glass door . the techs that arrived were great , but unfortunately the door i needed was out of stock . the company said it would be installed in 3-5 days . 3 weeks later , i 'm waiting for my installation appointment ( after a lot of follow up on my end and none on theirs ) and the techs did not arrive during my 4 hour installation window- frustrating .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i visited davis glass and mirror to repair my screen door . they used an outside vendor to make the repair . the first time i went to pick-up the screen door , the wheel would not roll . they sent it back . three weeks later i returned to pick-up the screen door and the wheel popped out when i spun it . their warehouse manager pushed it back in . ( bending it , although i did not realize at the time ) . after going home and installing it , the screen did not roll properly . i called davis and they send a man to my house to adjust the screen . soon after he left , the screen stopped working properly . i called and got the run around again from them . the same roller that i had them replace twice was still busted . once i finally reached them , they refused to help further .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "still waiting after an hour , called early morning said it was ready ! well they started working on it when i arrived . kept telling me it was on way up instead of telling me the truth . should have just said can u come back later ! ! ! ! ! ! not very professional . as time is money . 3 small sections of glass that i ordered on friday . it is now tues. and still waiting for them to bring up . hummmmmm . my guess is poor management .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we will not use this company again . we ordered and prepaid for the small window replacement ( 50 % ) and then they lost the window and had to re-order it . our tenant spent hours waiting on them only to find out they lost the window . phone calls went un-returned . i think they were very unprofessional to the `` small '' customer . they seem only interested in big companies . if you are a homeowner , save yourself the stress and go with another company . i told them i was leaving a bad review on yelp , and they really did n't care ... ..so here you have it ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "our home was broken into and our sliding glass door shattered . davis glass & mirror showed up within 45 minutes of my call to board up the slider and measure for new glass . considering it was 11:30 p.m. on a friday night , i thought $ 275 was very reasonble for them to clean up the huge mess and to board up the area . their tech , vincent , was awesome . he was very particular as well as understanding of our situation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they treat vet 's like crap ! i recently used them to repair a broken window and screen . they came out in a timely manner to take measurements and had the window within a couple weeks . when they returned to install the window , they had no screen and claimed i did n't order one . wth ? this turned my insurance claim into a nightmare . lady on phone said screen would cost me an additional $ 40 if i picked it up or $ 120 to have it installed . i informed said lady i 'm a disabled vet & have difficulties performing some home repairs and running errands . she then informed me she 'd talk to the owner about my sloppy service and call me the next day . they never called me back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "usually do n't review a business back to back like this , however this is a special case . i brought a window in on saturday for a single mother 's apartment expecting to get it back tuesday and they fixed it while i waited . unbelievable service . i literally could not ask for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the absolute best glass company in las vegas ! these guys were professional ! they answer the phone every time i call which is very important ! the gentleman provided an estimate to me which was lower than others in town and the job was done on time and the results are absolutely amazing ! tank and his team were super friendly andall-around fun for the time that they were here . he make sure the job was done correctly to my satisfaction and make sure everything was clean before he left others with more stars claim to be the best but these guys truly are", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used this company a couple times for `` odd glass jobs '' one was putting glass in a set of 4 cabinet doors , and another time for glass shelving replacement . both times , the service has been great , the work above average . even though i am sure my little jobs were not a big deal to them , i felt like they were happy to have my business ! i would use them again without hesitation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was choosing glass fronts for my cabinet doors as well as glass for shelving . i was referred here by my cabinet resource . kira was very helpful and pleasant . there are many options to choose from in terms of glass styles . i have not finished the process but so far estimates seem reasonable . at this point , i would use them again when i redo my shower .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sadly , level of service has fallen off significantly . i asked for a glass for a bathroom shower . i had to repeatedly call for appointments and no one showed up or even called for 2 months . still not completed . 'seems like office is very disorganized of late . even the projects they did complete were arduous for us as we had to email and call to get them to show up . far not trouble than it should have been ... and overpriced . perhaps they are victims of their own prior success ? look elsewhere for glass services .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have used this company a couple of times . i guess i was lucky that mike took care of me each time . yesterday i called and pre-paid for a very small piece of plexiglass . i was told it would be ready the next day and someone would call me . by 2pm i had not hear from anyone so i called and the young woman told me not yet , someone would call me . i could n't imagine why this 7 '' x 20 '' piece would take 2 days to cut , so i went there anyway . sure enough , there it was waiting for me . for some odd reason , she did n't check and she did n't call . i will never order over the phone again , i 'll just show up and hope i get mike to take care of me", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so grateful for davis glass and mirror . had a break in at my business and they were out with in the hour to board up the door . they cleaned up all of the broken glass and mess at 5 am . they came out later that day and the door was installed . i recommend them to everyone ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "raymond was quick and great to work with . glad we had such an awesome guy to repair our window . looks great ! ! ! ! thanks much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was not major installation , but did it really quick . i love it . i think i found them from google , not yelp . vincent & ray they were professional in my point of view .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dan and john have been awesome from start to finish . i 've used them on multiple occasions and they 've been able to get the job done when others have not . i highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vincent came out today and fixed one window that malfunctioned after two years . even though i was one year outside of warranty they still gave me a small discount as a returning customer . vincent was professional and 30 minutes later got the job done . thank you again davis glass and mirror !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just had a new dual pane glass panel replaced on the upper level of our house . d.j . did a fabulous job , and dealing with this company was an absolute pleasure from start to finish . this is a very professional company , and they know their business very well . d.j . was courteous , knowledgeable , and a professional in every aspect . i highly recommend davis glass and mirror , and i especially recommend that you ask for d. j. i 'm sure their other techs are very good , but d. j. showed such respect for our home , and handled this job like a surgeon . he was so careful , and precise in doing this replacement for us . i was very impressed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great & fast service . my husband and i are very pleased at how quick vincent came and fixed our broken window .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just had our master shower enclosure done . it looks amazing ! ! ! i could n't be happier . vincent and dj were very friendly , professional and did a great job . thank you davis glass ! i 'll definitely be back and also be referring you guys to anyone who will need glass or mirror in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "third time 's the charm ! i recently used davis to replace an arched window . it took three installs to get it right . i really liked the recommendation that they gave me on the type of glass that would best reflect the sun and light that comes through this window . the first window cracked not even 24 hours after it was installed . they made it right by re-ordering . window # 2 had the wrong glass on the inside panel . glad to say # 3 is right ! ! davis came through each time and made it right with no push back . everyone we dealt with was professional and corteous . i am very pleased with the glass . just wish we could have got it done the first time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "called them after needing a repair on a home i have for sale . rick from davis showed up on time , and did a great job . professional and personal , he quickly assessed the issue and addressed it . when i called , the office staff were great ! they knew what to estimate over the phone after explaining the need . great company , and i 'll be using them on my other properties if and when the need arises !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first call was to kelly glass for an estimate , they never called , even after a 2nd phone call to make an appointment . davis answered on the first ring , set up a time and was very helpful . the estimator was prompt and explained the replacement process . davis called to set up a time to install , emailed to remind me of the window appointment . on the morning of the appointment , they called to let me know they were coming.. always nice to not sit and wait . the installers are professional , clean , ( moving stuff back in place ) and friendly . i do recommend this company.. got the job done in a timely fashion ... raymond and dj are the best..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dennis fixed my sliding glass door issue in minutes . i could n't have scripted a better service experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great company , always on time , no surprises , clean crew and nice work . have used them twice and will continue", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you davis glass for coming out and fixing my living room window . i believe darryl did my installation , he was professional , polite and fast . there was a minor hiccup with my order , but the management took care of it quickly and politely . thank you davis glass .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the window techs were extremely friendly and professional . they did a quick and clean job replacing my window . i definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are great . i needed the mirror for one of my closet doors replaced . i called , set up the appt for a quote . the guy showed up on time , gave me an reasonable quote . i gave him half up front and he said he would get it fixed within a week . i got a call within two days from the girl in the office to schedule the install appt . again , the guy came within the window i was given , installed within 15 min , took the rest of the payment and was on his way . these guys were friendly , professional and on point .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dennis from davis glass showed up on time & replaced our cracked milgard window quickly & cleanly . he is friendly & professional , and made sure the rolladen shutter closed properly before he left . great attention to detail ! everyone in the office we spoke to from start to finish was very helpful and reassuring , this is a great company . do n't even think twice about working with them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "davis glass installed a mirror in my house today . the installer raymond was awesome very professional and helpful . he showed up on time and did a perfect job . i would definitely use davis glass again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a window replaced yesterday . the office staff , estimator and installer were all very professional and did their jobs perfectly . i would recommend them to all ... they 're as good as it gets ! hh", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dj was great , very professional , prompt and did a great job with the glass installation ! i would definitely recommend and use this company again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i cracked my bedroom window and could n't get it out due to the wood shutters . rick came out and solved the problem by replacing the glass while the window was still in the frame ! amazing ! what a life saver ! my only other option was to pull the wood shutter at great expense , that is if i could find someone to do it . thanks rick ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed multiple custom cut pieces of glass for a new table , and everybody from the installation team , to the customer service team , all the way up to management was so helpful and polite . i will definitely be recommending them to friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have lots of very interesting things . great choice of incense and oils . would strongly recommend this shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a nice little shop , perfect from browsing around , but does n't seem to really sell anything i would buy . clothes , trinkets , gemstones and gifts fill the small store , and the staff are absolutely lovely and friendly . i ca n't imagine that they get many visitors , so they treat every customer like a friend , or it seemed that way to me anyway ! everything is inexpensive , pretty and nicely presented , but there is something missing that i ca n't put my finger on .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this appeals to someone who prefers their heart to destructive consumerism . the productive ownership also find time to run a care home , and treat customers as humans too . the range of goods suits a person with a spiritual mind , and mixes local witchcraft with the goddess isis and many more , such as crystals , fairies and dragons . books and cards as well are accompanied by mostly female clothing which sends a different message . pentagrams round the kneck or on the wall . the family suffered a bereavement recently . the person graced the earth and there will be a hole . i told the person their opinion was more valued than many trained therapists . the shop is really a haven and gentleness is permitted here . like a lot of shops like this , i wish they had beds so you could move in ... ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a friendly shop , with good conversation , interesting gift items and beautiful clothing , plus no pressure to buy . great for a visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been shopping at fool for a number of years now and it is the best little shop in edinburgh ! the staff are so helpful and friendly , they never make you feel silly when asking simple questions about the various crystals and stones etc as they understand that not everyone is as knowledgeable as they are . the husband of the lady who runs the shop recently died , he was so kind and friendly too and is still missed by his many customers . the shop has some fantastic clothing , mostly original pieces and yes , they have larger sizes too . there are lots of beautiful stones , crystals , oils , books , charms , ornaments and scarves etc as well as cards for you to browse and buy . when you step inside , you immediately sense a calmness and tranquillity , it 's like you stepped into another world , a more peaceful one and you just do n't want to leave ! if you have never been to this little shop then you are missing out on a wonderful experience", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this shop it has so many lovely little finds . beautiful clothes . but more importantly lovely wide range of gemstones . what even better than that staff that know there stuff about gemstone . they almost seem to have something nice on offer to . one of the best places to go for gift ideas too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i think of `` thrift store '' this is now what comes to mind . it even smells ... thrifty . one of my favorite things to do is go thrift shopping just to see what kind of weird things can be found . for starters , this place is a pretty decent size - maybe half the size of your average ross - so it 's not overwhelming . they have everything from scarves to bathroom rugs to power cords here . i bought a little woven basket , three glass tea cups , some old books on random things like insects , the earth , etc . from 1968 , some picture frames , and a few other things . anyway , total was about $ 19 . the staff was really helpful and i like the fact that if you donate items , you get a discount . they also have a table full of info on how they can help you raise money for something that matters to you . i 'm sure this store will be a regular stop for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is terribly overpriced . i saw several hoodies that were priced between $ 10-13 and were obviously dirty ; stains of who knows what down the front . savers and deseret has cleaner and newer styles for half that price . the clothes were organized fairly well though . in addition , the store itself is pretty messy . there are lots of clothes , but home goods and furniture there is n't much . the furniture is actually in pretty bad shape . stuff you could n't give away ! the kicker here was that the staff here was just standing around gossiping . they had a tangle of z racks in the aisles by the entrance exit and nothing on them . if the racks are n't being used , they should be put away for safety 's sake .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if your like mackelmore than this is the place for you . epic thrift seems to lean heavy on the clothing side from what i can see . they have rows of racks and everything is color and size organized . however when i thrift shop i have certain things i look for because i just ca n't imagine me wearing clothing other people have sweat in . yuck ! i usually look for books , music in all formats , knick knacks , and framed pictures and art . this was a quick visit for me so i did not browse for long . not much for pictures and at here . tons of books but not sure the rhyme or reason to organization and the knick knacks were sparsely populated with kitchen supplies . not my favorite store but it might be right for some .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "overly priced . smelly . store . eek . i was immediately turned off by the smell in this store and in the items they were selling . ok , all thrift stores have a smell but why does everything from the dressers down to the shoes smell like cigarettes ? ? ew . it 's required ( by clark county ) that you clean launder anything that you sell in these stores so it 's a bit shocking that the smells so so strong . the staff was friendly but i do n't think that i 'll ever come back here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my favorite thrift store of them all ! beats goodwill , savers , salvation army etc ... . everything is priced just right ! the staff is so helpful , and is always with a smile store is in good shape , everything looks in order and easy to find , that 's what i love about here , other thrift stores are just a huge mess . this place definitely gets a five star from me : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me just say shopping at this store can never get old . i 've been here five or six times and still ca n't get enough . right when you walk though the door they welcome you and are eager to let you know the sale of the day . the sale floor is well organized and fully stocked . anytime i shop i always find things at a decent price and love it . check out is always easy and a pleasure un like goodwill were they seem have attitude . i love shopping at epic and would recommend it to all my friends and anyone who has n't .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whenever we visit this store it 's friendly staff , low prices & organized merchandise is awesome ! ! ! everyday is a sale day , , , hurray", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pros : huge selections , great daily sales discounts , organized and tidy , some cute cool stuff , nice staff . cons : was n't greeted at the door ( they were busy ) but a quick hello would have set the tone better , hot ! i nearly wanted to faint the entire time . i really felt bad for the employees . that did not feel like it was workable conditions . however when i mention the heat i shortly heard the a c boost on . lastly all sales are final . i get it , it 's a thrift store but with how hot it was i really did n't want to change clothes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there 's a lot of clothes , but not a lot of other things . the non-clothes section is n't very well organized , with things just sitting on shelves with no labels . clothes are all organized by color and size . they seem to have good sales , and they do the thing where every day , there 's a certain tag color that is 50 % off , so they try to get rid of their old stock .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "seen this place while i was driving i had to stop and check out the place . very great prices lots of discounts . seen many items i usually see expensive at other stores . i saw this old radio from the 1970 's which i really like , i did bought it and it works perfectly fine . you do n't see a boutiques very often so i had to definitely buy it . great place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do like all clothes and jewelry from this place ... the people that work their are real great ... its great to have in our area ... .great deals and great prices ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "traveling through and noticed some cool items . the dm in the store is matt , great customer service . i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i love epic thrift store . we shop here allllllll the time . i recommend all to come to this store its great prices great customer service . we love it . amazing great stuff . here at flamingo and decatur . on the corner.smiths shopping parking lot.you cant miss it ! see you there ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i typically find my best thrift store finds here ! i love this store , especially the sales .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to this place for breakfast , because i could n't find anything else . i may not be the best person to review this since i 'm not a big fan of burgers , especially not for breakfast . as expected ( based on the burger signs and the clear love of bacon ) , the sandwich ( more like a burger ) was very greasy . in my opinion , overwhelmingly greasy for a breakfast . i took the most popular sauce , which was mustard-based , and i felt it did n't match the egg and flavors at all . the service was quite fast , the waitress was helpful , the meal was cheap . unfortunately , i did n't like it . maybe it would be a better suited place for lunch .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "perfectly cooked bacon sandwiches with a nice variety of toppings . we had the bacon caesar and bacon brie . i enjoyed the brie one a bit more as the bun was smaller so it seemed there was more bacon . the key to their success is 5 nice slices of strip bacon , pressed for consistent chewy goodness.. i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loveee bacon , and i got ta say , rashers did a good job making them . first of all , the store itself smells like bacon deliciousness . definitely gets that appetite going once you step into the shop . their staff is also very pleasant . we got the brie and bacon sandwich , bacon caesar sandwich and curly fries . boy that was good ! we were stuffed by the time we finished everything . they also do ubereats so if you do n't have time to drop by , you can certainly order online . definitely recommend this shop !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bumped into this place earlier because we took a wrong turn , but we were n't disappointed . even though we were originally looking for a brunch spot , this sandwich exclusive establishment filled our cravings . service was excellent , the lady over the counter was extremely helpful in helping us choose our meal . she offered extremely helpful input on whatever we had to ask . food came quickly and with a smile . ordered the apple & maple grilled cheese with a fried egg and a side of wedges . i realize now that i 'm not a huge fan of combined sweet & savoury flavour , i like them separately , but it was still delicious ! environment was so cute ! very clean and bright , i loved it . mood was happy and it kept me happy . they have signs in the booths where you can change up the letters , and we spent a whole 15 minutes writing our message . all in all , i loved it ! would totally recommend . ( just make sure you 're okay with getting messy )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bacon lovers rejoice , for we have found salvation . i 'll admit that since i started to date a girl who does n't eat pork , my bacon game has fallen off . but luckily along came a casual stroll down ossington all by my lonesome , when a craving came upon me and rashers was along my footpath . your options here are strictly bacon related options , but includes a variety of bacon types from standard strip to peameal to british cut , and they 've got almost a dozen different bacon sandwiches to choose from . i had the bacon & brie sandwich , complete with caramelized onions and garlic mayo on a soft and warm bun . it was $ 10 + tax and worth every penny . the sandwich was filling and they did n't skimp on the brie . after eating here , i 'll be thinking of more random excuses to walk by this place and stop by for my bacon quotas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious bacon sandwiches of the hogtown , american , and british variety served with ur choice of sauce and toppings like fresh tomatoes ! the winter warmer is a guiltless indulgence of peameal bacon topped with caramelized mushrooms , onions , sun dried tomatoes , real white cheddar , and crisp spinach ! incredibly balanced and delicious ! i was completely satisfied as my hunger and bacon fixation were temporarily halted ! they also have a delectable peameal bacon sandwich on a bun . you will be coming back for more of their high quality sandwiches . super friendly customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had lunch today at rashers . i 've walked by it lots of times but have never stopped in . i ordered a bacon burger , with no lettuce . it was a good burger and it was cooked-to-order . the patty was tasty , the bun was soft and the chipotle mayo had a bit of a kick ( i wish there 'd been a bit more of the mayo on my burger , though ) . the server and cook were friendly . i 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like this place 100 % . when what you want is a meat fix this is the ticket . you definitely get your bang for your buck here with the amount of meat you get on the bun . perfect for a grab and go bite on your way dt or trinity bellwoods", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not as good as expected from my previous visits to their queen east location . the portions of bacon seemed smaller which changed the overall taste of the sandwiches . the potato wedges were fresh and hot but seasoning was way off . we ordered them with garlic seasoning but there was no garlic flavor instead it had some paprika flavor . we thought it was a mistake but we 're assured that it was not ( strange ) . the cook later admitted that the seasoning mix might be off . i will go again but will try their breakfast sandwich .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i agree with previous reviews . i also only come here to make a payment . there is always a substantial wait even if you are only one waiting , the tellers are way too chatty and slow with the transactions . i want to get in and out and some dorky guy is asking me with a phony smile what i am up to tonight , how was my weekend , am i off work today ? blah blah blah , i have already been waiting dude , please cut the small talk . newsflash , you can be pleasant and nice without being a chatty cathy . sheesh , coming here is as fun as going to the dentist . i dread coming here and it 's not even my bank .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "years ago , i banked here . they were horrible . these days the only reason i come here is to make my mortgage payment . saturday morning , i was the only one in line . for 10 minutes while a teller conversed with a customer about their grandkids . i get it you want to connect with your customers . another person working the drive thru came to the front where i thought he would help me . no such luck . finally , a woman from the back came out and asked if i had a check deposit or a payment . she finally took my payment . one more reason to hate the big banks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a great branch . i walk in and they know me ( even though i do n't go there frequently ) . they are always friendly and happy to help . they do n't make you feel like a number . they work hard to keep their customers happy . very different from some of the big banks i 've been with in the past .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "something definitely changed . they 're much more responsive , quick and friendly at this branch . i 've been much happier there lately .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this bank is as good as they get . i am always impressed with us bank and their employees . they are always accommodating and they are always wearing a smile .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i refer to u.s. bank as the bank of `` no . '' i have used the branch at hayden ( the two regular tellers there are outstanding ) and branches in san diego . i worked with the district manager in scottsdale today and found him to be unhelpful , lacking in people skills , and non-technical . i transferred substantial amounts out of u.s. bank and into wells fargo on mountain view , where customers are appreciated .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i always use their shuttle service to get from the airport to the casino and back to the airport . pros - very convenient . cheap quick and door step delivery . the usually get you to your destination very quickly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wish i read the reviews before i decided to take this shuttle ! ! do not take this shuttle if you 're staying at the palms resort and casino . you will be the last one dropped off and lose nearly an hour of good party time . i paid $ 10.50 including tip . i guess-timate cab fare to be somewhere around $ 15.. totally worth the extra $ 5 ! ! also , it was a freakin ' ice box in the shuttle . it was n't even hot outside ! brrr.. never taking a shuttle again ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "waited ages ( at least 20mins ) in the hotline to arrange pickup , the person on the other end was not really friendly ! be warned ! take a cab on your way back , it 's not worth the hassle !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this shuttle company came to my rescue when my scheduled shuttle from another company never showed . $ 6.00 one-way . driver does not have a tip signed posted asking for tips . the drive from hotel to airport was smooth with no crazy driving . from my shuttle experience do n't ever buy round trip fare and just catch whatever you can when you see it . waiting around for a never showing shuttle sucks specially when you see four others pass you by !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was advised by my sister to take a shuttle instead of a cab because my flight was earlier than my other friends flying and i 'd have to meet up with my other friends who already arrived alone . since it was cheaper to take a shuttle & i had extra time to spare , i opted to do so . midway through the trip , i deeply regretted this decision . was saving $ 15 worth a really unnecessary long ride to my hotel ? did my hotel have to be the last hotel stop ? did everyone who got dropped off sift through every piece of luggage for 20 mins to find theirs ? two stars for being cheap , friendly , clean , roomy , and air conditioned . but really , no ride to the strip should take that ridiculously long . i wo n't do it again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is as good as it gets for transportation to the strip hotels from the airport . my experience has always been good ( not great ) . more recently , the driver was so busy trying to get a tip from a passenger , i had to literally get my own luggage from the back of the truck . needless to say , he was n't tipped . the price was $ 7 one way and $ 13 rountrip . from what i hear , it is approximately $ 17 one-way to take a cab from the strip to the airport . very simple process ! just call them 24 hours before you depart and they will give you the time they will be outside to pick you up . on the return , they told me they would be outside at 8:40 pm and they showed up at 8:36 pm . sold ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you certainly get what you pay for . the shuttle service has no concept of time . they tell you to be 15 minutes early to be picked up at your hotel but they do n't show up until 30 minutes after the scheduled pick up time . when you try to call and find out where the shuttle is , they hang up on you , tell you they do n't know , it 's on the way , or just put you on hold forever . do n't waste your time with the shuttle service here you may just miss your flight . take a taxi-monte carlo to airport= $ 16 including tip", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what a joke . 1st , it 's cheaper to take a cab or uber . 2nd , if you like waiting over an hour at the airport this ride is for you . 3rd , if you want to take a cab back to the airport because they have 1 driver and wo n't refund you when they are full this ride is for you . classless joke . do not take this option ! ! ! ! update : jeff , i have already been on the phone with your company with over 15 minutes on hold for a $ 6 refund , i hung up . you should address your delays , being under staffed and customer service issues not your incorrect assumption of ubers rates .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish i had read the reviews before i booked a round trip ticket . my trip to the hotel was fine . the return trip to the airport never happened . i walked out to the entrane where they are supposed to pick you up and the bus was already pulling away . i am not familiar with vegas so had no idea how long to get back to the aiport . the dispatcher kept hanging up on me and placing me on hold . i was so upset . i wound up walking out on the strip with my two pieces of baggage in tow to the entrance of my hotel only t wind up in cab.i called these people for a refund after i returned homeand they flat out refused . do n't bother", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't take this shuttle bus ! ! ! ! ! the worst ever . it totally ruined my mood in my first day of las vegas . wait till die .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in may , the weather had not yet gotten hot . so i did n't mind waiting the 30 minutes for the shuttle to arrive . when it did arrive , the ride to the hotel took 15 minutes , and i got to talk to a few nice folks . in the future , i 'll probably uber to the airport . it will be cheaper .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst ever . i should have listened to previous reviews . the driver spent nearly the entire ride talking about how many people died walking from casino to casino . nice . welcome to vegas . he was also yelling the whole time . the bus was so hot and did n't have ac . driver yelled and cussed at other drivers . just a completely miserable experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we paid for a round trip with show time tours when arriving to vegas on 7 29 . we had to wait about 15 minutes for the shuttle to show up . they took us to the wynn and we called to have the shuttle pick us up for our return trip . our flight was at 3:50pm . i wanted a 2pm pickup but they said no that they could only get us at 1:30pm because we need to be at the airport to hours prior to our flight . then the shuttle does n't show up until 2 and has us waiting outside for a half an hour in 100 degree weather ! i called twice to see when the shuttle would arrive and was told she 's in traffic she 's almost there . lies ! now when they finally got here the driver said oh i have to make 3 more stops before i can take you to the airport ! save yourself the trouble and get an uber .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "easy to book via telephone at hotel . on time literally by the second . the driver was in a rush but perfectly professional . ride from vdara to airport less than 15 minutes . this service was better than my taxi ride to the strip by far . clean . air conditioned and i was by myself so had the huge van to myself ! score ! will use them every time i am in vegas . quick . easy . comfortable . reliable . what more could you ask for $ 7 plus tip ? ? ? ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't do it ! i 've been waiting for this shuttle for 45 minutes . the guy keeps saying it 's almost here , and nothing . time to cab it . i made the mistake of paying for this with my flight hotel package . the ride back to the air port was n't much fun either .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wait was forever . staff was n't very friendly either . round trip was $ 12 , i think that 's average , but i would have just taken a cab if i knew it was gon na be such a long wait", "score": "2"}
{"review": "absolutely horrible service . completely unorganized and flat-out rude", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this wait time is atrocious but i did n't want to pay 30 dollars for a cab . someone finally apologized after i 've waited 40 minutes when they said about 20 . i 've seen several shuttles go back and forth while this one is super delayed . i imagined thing could be more efficient . super shuttle is moving the chains and apparently only a couple dollars more right next door . i have literally seen 8 showtime buses move while the one to the strip has n't come by at all . what a disappointment . i hope the ride is at least clean . hate being negative but i imagine there should be more efficiency", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrid ! ! ! ! no ac , driver drives like an ass and does n't pay attention to where he 's dropping people off ! not a great start to vegas , sadly !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "disorganized , rude , and exceptionally slow . you 're much better off just hailing a cab . according to dispatch , the majority of people who buy round trips do n't use the return fare because they do n't want to be late .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decent shuttle service , nothing really special , but no complaints either . way better than executive shuttle , which has the rudest driver . good price and quick response time , will use them in the future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "still on shuttle ! waited over 30 minutes to even get started . driver acts like he does n't care . wo n't use again . take a cab instead !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what ... a ... joke . $ 9 is a great price until you have to stop at 4 hotels on the strip before your destination . this is after you wait for 25 minutes for the shuttle to arrive . you guys are awful , i 'll pay $ 70 for a one way limo ride before dealing with your poor service again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst customer service in vegas ! ! not worth the time ! ! it 's much easier to take a taxi and cheaper too , if you have 2-4 people . standing around for the shuttle was bad enough , but then you have to drop everyone off at their hotels . hop in a cab . much easier ! all they care about is your money , they could care less about your time or needs .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if i could give 0 stars i would . unprofessional , unhelpful , misinformation , worthless ! never again ! 3 phone calls and an hour of waiting and no shuttle . finally their buses start arriving , but there all drop offs only , and supposedly none go back to the airport . finally started calling other shuttles to see who would take us because no taxi will with a child .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "whatever you do , do not choose this shuttle service ! this is by far the worst you can experience in las vegas . we arrived late at night on a friday night . there was a 30 minute way for the taxis , so we thought a shuttle service may be faster . showtime looked as though they had the most shuttles so we decided to go with them . we first inquired about their limo car service but the lady said she could n't give us pricing on that because they do n't take care of that at her station . yet they advertise it right at the front of her booth ? ! ? ! ? ! it was late , we did n't want to argue so we went with the shuttle . as we were walking up to the line , the shuttle that we were supposed ride leaves . we had to wait an hour for the next one . you got us this time showtime , but never again ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible business . they do not honor your payment when you pay through a third party ( i paid ahead of time when i booked my flight ) nor will they come and pick you up even when you have scheduled a pick up time ( for some reason they decided not to show up on time so i ended up just getting a taxi to the airport ; i was n't going to miss my flight over their lack of service ) . also they stated they could not refund my purchase .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was the worst . our driver seemed to being the biggest moron who has ever lived ! ! he kept checking and rechecking information and walking around outside of the bus for some inexplicable reason . we arrived after a long flight at 1:00am and wanted nothing more than to get to our hotel and rest . this guy prolonged the entire process to such a degree that what should have taken 15 mins took over an hour . i am going to complain to anyone who will listen about the sheer incompetence and lack of consideration for the customer . avoid this airport shuttle !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "our driver , alex , was extremely rude . when our travel partners presented him with the email confirmation of their airport shuttle ticket , as it instructed , he rudely told me that it was n't right -- that they would have to go inside the hotel and find a printer . after a 15 minute delay , he finally accepted their pass . simply , this company has a poorly organized sales end , and rude employees , but it 's a cheap option , and at least they got us there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "booked this as hotel-airport shuttle instead of cab . as we were staying at one of the more southerly hotels on the strip , knew that there would n't be too many stops after we got picked up ( something to factor in otherwise cause i could see it taking forever to get to from farther hotels ) . sat out in the sun a little early when a shuttle pulled up . driver saw us coming and yelled he was dropping off only . no problem . then another shuttle pulled up just about at the time we reserved so we assumed it was our shuttle . driver , seeing us and another couple getting ready to board , lets one passenger off , quickly closes the door , and takes off without saying a word . that was annoying . our shuttle arrive a few minutes late , understandable . our driver was a safe driver and courteous .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not sure why we scheduled a pickup time as they were 40 minutes late and she had 2 more stops before getting us to the airport . . customer service rep just kept saying the driver is almost there , almost ... . if you are catching your flight , give yourself lots of time with this company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they did the job getting us two and from the airport in a timely manner . we would use them again . drivers were friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i got lucky , but there were others on the bus that were moments away from missing their flights . they 'll get you to your hotel , but getting back to the airport is a whole other story . i would avoid this company at all costs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible service . do not hire this company for shuttle service . i had to cancel my trip to las vegas a month in advance -- the company refused to refund the credit card charge . i never was able to connect to a human being on the phone -- the phone service just runs you around and round . this is not a trustworthy company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this shuttle service is horrible im currently still waiting on a shuttle to show up and take me to my hotel . i had already reserved online and the lady at the counter took forever to find my reservation and caused me to miss the first one . next time ill just take a cab !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible wait over 40 minutes . talked to van coordinator and he could care less . do not use this company . take someone else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would have given 0 stars but since i have to give something 1 it is . never ever take this shuttle ! ! ! ! lady at ticketing booth said shuttle would come every 5 mins . after waiting oh about 25 mins the hubby went to try and get his money back and the rude ass lady said they come every 15 mins ... well after waiting a total of about 45 mins the shuttle finally came . please do n't give his company your money business . rude asses should n't be in customer service jobs ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very poor service . do not use this shuttle service ! first , the staff is incredibly rude . i had forgotten to print out my vouchers before hand , and the lady at the desk looked at me and said `` shame on you . '' as if printing a ticket is that hard ? ! second , on our return trip to the airport , we had arrived 5-10 minutes early to the stop . the driver got out of the van , greeted us , then accused us of being late ! we even left before the scheduled pick up time . granted , we could have been a couple more minutes early , but we were early regardless . how rude of the driver to accuse us of being late . the lines were also incredibly slow , and the staff was ultimately very unfriendly . please , save your time and money and take a taxi or some other service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not use unless you like waiting and being forgotten ! took me over an hour to get to my hotel from the airport . the return trip they forgot to stop at our hotel . if i did n't call them i would still have been waiting .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stupid me . i failed to read the reviews . wish i had . they are the best shuttle service at getting people in line to buy a ticket . only then do you realize the available buses are limited an you iine up waiting 45 mins for the queue line and buses to show up . take a cab !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bought a ticket very quickly . ladies at the ticket sales booth were good . got in line for my bus ( # 3 ) . bus was sitting there waiting . while standing in line at the designated spot , the driver rolls down the window and says you got wait for the next bus . i was starring at open seats inside the bus , and he promptly drove off . currently still standing here , at spot # 3 , waiting for the next bus . i will never use this service again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hit or miss ... but mostly a hit . only once has it been 15 min late in the last 3 years 6+ times i 've been to vegas . that was going from imperial palace to mccarran and you could blame construction for that . i always reserve online . that 's probably why . i hear it 's not ideal when you do everything via phone and at the airport . it 's your cheapest option back and forth from las . i 've had mostly empty buses and pleasant drivers . i 'll take those odds when in vegas .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't even bother . better to take a direct route taxi than wait 200 years for this garbage . do anything else but this or weak super shuttle . the worst .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible . woke up super early for the pick up time for 5:20 am and 5:45 still not here . so we ended up taking a cab . more expensive but do n't want to give my money to showtime . do n't use them . update -- the cab was actually cheaper ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you are going to a hotel downtown , do not use this service . when we bought our tickets , we were told that there is a separate shuttle that goes downtown only , which we paid the price to be on the shuttle that goes only to downtown . however , after we bought our tickets , waited over a half-hour for the shuttle to arrive , then we were told that we were the last stop , because they need to drop off everyone at the strip hotels first . people on the shuttle were going to 8 different hotels before us ! if we had known this , we would have just gotten a cab . we were lied to and charged extra for a service that does n't exist . now we are sitting in a shuttle for an hour while everyone is dropped at each individual hotel on the strip .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely horrible service . waited at the airport for nearly 50 minutes for a shuttle to arrive .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "waited over an hour for my bus to show up . called 10 times to find out where the bus was . each time i would get transferred to `` dispatch '' but conveniently disconnected . once i finally decided to get a cab so i would n't miss my flight i actually got in contact with someone who directed me to an automated system for a refund . do not use this service ! you will miss your flight !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "use a cab instead . i ca n't stress this enough ! i had three full hours to get to the airport for my monday flight out , and we waited for a full hour , no bus ( even though we prepaid ! ) . we ended up taking a cab instead , and realized that it was the same cost ! oh , and can i get my money back for the fare i did n't use ? not an option says the lady on the customer service line . sure , you might think that this bus is a less expensive route , but you would be sorely mistaken when you miss your flight . you have been warned .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "take showtime from the airport to your hotel during any big events happening in vegas . $ 6.00 per person and you could be last but hey at least you 're not the one behind the wheel driving in traffic . cash only", "score": "3"}
{"review": "still 0 stars . i 've been inactive for a while and logged in to see the owners promise a refund of fare only to amend it later to say `` we refunded your return fare '' because of your crappy service it forced me to take a taxi for $ 35 and you refund me $ 6.50 . gee thanks for nothing . avoid at all costs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the price is right ... but the service is wrong . yes , they will get you to your hotel for 6.50 ; but they also have no qualms about letting you buy a ticket , then wait 35 minutes for a shuttle ( this was at 10 pm on a thursday , not rush hour on a friday ) . after we enquired ( nicely ) , we were then placed on a competitor 's shuttle with absolutely no explanation or apology for the delay . if you have time to waste in vegas , and you do n't like explanations when service fails to meet reasonable expectations , i highly recommend showtime .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "waited 45 minutes for the shuttle . when we called to find out where the shuttle was , the operator did n't even apologize ; she just told us another 15 minutes . when we finally got in the shuttle , the driver went through two red lights . : - (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would like to start off the review by saying both of our drivers were very friendly and helpful . the scheduling however is terrible . we waited over 30 minutes at the airport to be picked up . when leaving , we were supposed to be picked up at our hotel at 11:35 but the shuttle did not show up until 11:55 with no apologies . in hindsight i would use uber or lyft . it cost less than the shuttle if there are two or more traveling and is more convienient .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "drivers were great in both directions . the shuttle driver from the airport narrated and talked a great deal about the area , it felt like i was on a tour , really fun . i was able to get a last minute shuttle back to the airport with them ( after the mentally challenged employees at the `` d '' hotel told me it would be impossible ) , which was a lifesaver . everything was really fast . really , really happy with the whole experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so this guy who was the manager at showtime refused to issue me a refund , and now you guys try to save face on a public forum by pretending to be nice and accommodating . this is an old trick . people should know your true colors . i am not gon na spend countless minutes and hors of my life trying to rectify this with you , while you had the chance to clean it up quickly before s t hit the fan . too late for you to save face .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had utlilized the services of showtime shuttles in the past and had received prompt service , my last vist was not the same . i paid for a round trip ticket and had scheduled for my return trip to the airport within the 24 hour range . the shuttle was due to arrive at 10:10 am and when i called customer service , it was 10:09 and they stated that technically the shuttle was not late because i had another minute to wait . meanwhile i watched 3 bell trans shuttles come and go . i called back at 10:20 and was advised the driver was 3 minutes away , 10:23 comes and goes . at approximately 10:28 the shuttles arrives . i understand that traffic is not under the control of the driver , but i strive to be on time and am peeved when others fail to make the same effort . will try another shuttle in the future .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do n't recommend taking this shuttle service . when we landed in las vegas on a wednesday we had to wait 45 min to be picked up . when we got on the driver told us that there were several drivers `` snoozing '' . now we are waiting 30 minutes past our pickup time to go back to the airport and a showtime shuttle told us they could not take us because there was someone else coming even though they were going to the same place . dispatch told the driver . i do n't care there is someone else coming to pick them up and to not let us on the shuttle with only 4 other people on the bus ! ! ! the shuttle service is bull s oh then after being picked up over 30 min late they decided that is was necessary to make several stops in the opposite direction . after our bus was full ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "waited forever . do not use this company . i should have used uber . i would have been gambling by now .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish i had read the reviews on this company first . so slow , 2 hours after i get my luggage , i get to my hotel after waiting for the shuttle , all the drop offs . take a cab ! worth the extra few bucks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give no star on this i would this is rip off & very poor customer service from the airport , online or customer service contact number that i been encounter . first my husband & i got drop off at the wrong resort wydham which we should be drop off at trendwest wyndham so we have to get taxi to get to our resort . so my husband called to get refund coz he paid roundtrip shuttle because they do n't do drop off or pick up service from our resort but the customer service said they do n't do refund . i hope whoever manage this company should allow refund if they did n't provide the service . otherwise it 's a rip off", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we used this company for transportation to and from the airport . the ride from the airport was awesome . the ride to the airport was not . the driver yelled at us saying he was waiting on us and to hurry . after we boarded , we waited for another 10 minutes and 2 other people boarded . he was just rude the whole time . then , he asked for a tip . i work in food service and always to tip . but not this guy . then he asks for his tip . they were n't awful , just that driver was .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they suck ! ! ! driver was extremely disrespectful and rude . the man that works the dispatch desk was unorganized and incompetent . we waited for over an hour and half ... never using them again . highly recommend you not to use them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not use this service . dirty old busses . used it 2 times , pre bought through alligiant air . dropping off is fine but the pick up ! they were late both times . had to call and was told bus already drove through lot . they did not drive through at the quoted times . will never use this service again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible . waited an hour and a half ( not an exaggeration ) to get on a shuttle on a monday at 11 pm . staff at location could care less . several people got upset with staff while waiting . staff yelled at customers . the worst experience i 've ever had . wish i could give no stars . pathetic this occurred on 03 20 . waited from 11 until 1230", "score": "1"}
{"review": "like many other reviewers , i decided to use their airport shuttle service . about $ 12 gets you round trip service to and from all strip hotels , a good deal considering most taxis around about $ 30 one way . my ride to the strip was decent ; the van was clean , the driver knew how to drive and helped me with my bags . all was well . i scheduled my return trip and the van arrived on-time . bottom line : although everything worked out smoothly , i 'd advise you just buy a one way ticket . you 're better having the flexibility of taking another shuttle service that is already outside of your hotel then scheduling a return trip and hoping it shows up on-time ( or at all ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not a very customer service friendly company . difficult to check in for reservations at airport and had to wait a good 30 minutes for shuttle to arrive . the pick up from the hotel was on time however we had to switch our time from the other couple we were traveling with and what the on-line reservations staff said would be acceptable to give to the drivers is not what the drivers are comfortable with . i would suggest uber or lyft for your travel needs in las vegas due to the short trip from the strip to the airport and there is no waiting .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really wish i read the reviews before signing up for this service . the driver who drove us to our hotel was extremely rude and arrogant . dealing with him is not the way we wanted to start our vacation . we did n't even take the voucher for the ride back to the airport because he was so rude . i would much rather pay for a cab and give them a good tip than ever deal with this company again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wish i had read the reviews before paying my money . booked a shuttle ( have to prepay ) , shuttle never showed , then when after waiting 15 minutes i called they told me it would be `` another 5 or 10 minutes ) and acted like they could n't understand why i wanted a refund . of course the person on the phone told me i had to talk to `` customer service '' , which is a voicemail machine . go out of business , showtime .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unprofessional ! we had a 10:45 flight , the shuttle company told us to be ready for pick up at 8:15 . we were waiting in the designated spot outside of our hotel until 8:35 for the shuttle to arrive . it finally did , and took until 8:40 for us to leave . originally , the shuttle 's route was new orleans to mgm grand , but , upon calling , it was revealed that they had stopped at other hotels along the way . irritating if you have to catch a flight ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "refund was processed by merchant and got credited in my account . updating my review . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- below review is not for the actual commute service -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- they should get 0 stars . i have made a online reservation three weeks back . i had to cancel my vegas travel plan due to work commitments . i canceled the reservation on very next day and since then ( over 3 weeks ) no refund been posted on my account . tried calling their account section and they told me someone would get back to me . nothing ... . avoid it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i took this shuttle from the las vegas hotel expecting to get a ride to my hotel on the trip . the bus overheated , and the very inept driver- mr. keith lawrence- seemed far more concerned about his bus than taking care of his 15 passengers . he refused for 10 minutes to even call for another bus to pick up his 15 stranded travelers . his courtesy was poor and do n't give a darn attitude was all i saw . i has to flag down a cab and pay $ 15 cab fare . mr. lawrence promised me a refund , when i called their number , but i was refused after waiting and talking to 3 different people . incompetent ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "takes forever to get your hotel . i 've taken other services that were the same price and faster . skip this one", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was pretty disappointed with this scheduling and service . also it was more pricier than uber or lyft . please save yourself the trouble and use ridesharing over this crappy company .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "from airport to hotel : was quoted a 20 minute wait . actually waited 50 . from hotel to airport : told to plan on a 30 minute commute and 1hr for security . commute was 10 , security took 15 . now i have 2.5 hours to kill . extra star is because they were actually early for our scheduled hotel pick-up time . bravo .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "everything okay except for the attitude of the lady in the airport booth upon my arrival . her name says egolla on the receipt but i thought i read ellsa . either way , perhaps someone should check on her . i was shocked at her unwillingness to do her job . i told her my phone was turning on and off something was not working right so i could n't pull up the reservation email and asked if she could search me by name and i offered my if . she said no . she did n't even try . i eventually was able to get the phone to work and just handed her my phone to pull up the reservation and told me where to go . just why not be kind to people . i was n't rude or disrespectful so do n't be rude to me", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this service sucks . had to wait 45 minutes for a shuttle then driver basically forgot about my stop at hard rock hotel and gave me shit and said its my fault . i was told the driver looks at the ticket which clearly states hard rock . he did n't look . finally i ask him when are we getting there ? i hour later still on this shit shuttle . pay a cab and get to the hrh in five minutes . this shuttle company sux and the driver is even worse on bus 2094 . word of advice when you calm out hotels speak clearly . i will never use this or any other shuttle again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "save your money ... super rude drivers and brain dead cashiers . they were absolutely the worst experience . i 'll pay more . do not use these people . they need to be put of business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "our driver , cedric , was efficient and friendly . he got us to the airport on time , despite the three closures on the freeway due to construction . we give cedric 5 stars . we always use showtime when visiting lv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm sitting here on the shuttle . i waited for an hour and fifteen minutes . now i know it 's a ten-minute cab ride from the airport . i could see my hotel from the airport , even . but you keep waiting because you 've already waited so long . nobody was helpful enough to answer questions . oh , i booked online . $ 15 return . at the airport , it was $ 13 . i think i 'm going to shell out for a cab back just avoid having to deal with these guys for the return trip . all thumbs emphatically down . a total mess .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst idea ever ! ! ! ! ! ! do not , under any circumstance , use their service . when we got our bags we walked out to at least 200 people in line for taxis . so , we decided to get a ticket for the showtime shuttle to the strip . 25+ minutes later our shuttle finally arrives and literally another 25 minutes later we 're finally leaving the airport . everyone who stayed in the taxi line was probably already checked into their hotel by the time we left the airport . terrible shuttle..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just got to vegas walked outside the airport to get a shuttle where we meet a woman named alyssa . short black hair , heavy set to describe to the employers . rudest woman i have ever met . we have never been to vegas and asked multiply questions about where we should take the shuttle and what not . refused to help in the slightest and kept making comments like `` i do n't know '' or just a shoulder shrug . only thing that made up for it was the driver , ron . he did a fabulous job and thankfully saved the short experience some . btw another customer on the bus had their ticket completely screwed up by alyssa as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the driver was late , miserable and told one guy to get his own bag . i gave a better than 20 % tip and did n't get a thank you . i live in las vegas and work on the strip i will never use or reccomend this service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got us where we were going , not quickly however.we waited about 30 minutes to bored.driver was ok , poor customer service.to wait 30 minutes we could , ve been at a car rental spot and gone.use a rental .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "waited an extra half hour to be picked up at caesars palace to be told that the driver was there , which was a lie , we had been there 45 minutes early and there was no shuttle another was sent 20 minutes later , never again using showtime , wish i would have read reviews first", "score": "1"}
{"review": "omg , the very worst shuttle ever ! ! ! ! never on time , you wait and watch all the other shuttles come and go , while you wait , wait and wait . never again will they get my business ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you like waiting then this is the company for you . the people are fine but forget about punctuality , it 's not here . take a cab and save some time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the worst idea ever . the bus tool forever because it kept stalling and we had to stop on the strip and everywhere else . i never did this shuttle before and i never will . not worth the ten dollars you save one way . i almost got out and walked if it was n't for the two suitcases . bus 2058 needs repairs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't use them . they would not refund my money when they refused to let me board the shuttle because the driver already had too many stops and going to my hotel would take too long . it was n't because there was n't any more room in the shuttle . had to wait another 20 minutes . they told me 15-20 minutes . if they told me it would be 30-40 minutes , i would 've taken a taxi . unfortunately , uber is n't allowed to pick up at las . i will never use showtime again anywhere !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "save your aggravation for walking behind looky loos on the strip . the most unfriendly , unwilling to help and obnoxious people . start to finish . bought the tickets at airport lady was rude . if you miss the shuttle prepare to wait for who knows how long . shuttle drivers going and coming made you feel stupid for not reading their minds . we paid more than what was posted on bus . poorly run business by poor people", "score": "1"}
{"review": "made the mistake of booking this shuttle from the airport to downtown instead of using uber big misttake ! ! ! waited for an hour for ashuttle no one seemed to care rude employees ! ! take other means of transportation if you want to get to your hotel before dark . now i got ta wait for them to drop everyone else off . wo n't make this mistake again ! next time uber", "score": "1"}
{"review": "over 90 minutes from the time we bought the tickets until we got to our hotel 2 miles away . wo n't even use them for the return trip i already paid for , not worth the hassle . wish i could give less than one star .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you decide to choose showtime tours for your ride into las vegas from mcclaren airport do not buy a round trip ticket . instead , buy only a one way because showtime tours , once they have your round trip money , schedules returns only every hour , so you are stuck waiting on the airport 45 minutes extra . what a waste of time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terribly slow and inefficient service . would n't recommend to take showtime from airport to strip hotels . taxi or limo is 20 times faster .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not use this shuttle company if you 're staying at caesars or anywhere on the west side of the strip . first off it seems like they have one shuttle doing a particular area , because as we were lining up at station 3 to be shuttled from the airport to caesars - the same driver that just left was the same driver that picked us up 45 minutes later ! then it took another 30minutes before we got dropped off ( last ) at the resort . our return ride was also an inconvenience since we were told to be at the pick up spot at 6:50am in front of caesars with a 15 minute window ... i 'm here now writing this review 35minutes later in the shuttle ... ... oh yay . i was just about to post this but looks we 're taking a trip to other resorts to pick up more people . oh duh ! we were the first ones to be picked up ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had reservations for 4 people . they were late , rude , and lied to us telling us we only had reservations for 2 . this company is a rip off ! save time and take a taxi !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "its fine..ignore morons thinking it should be superb white glove for 15 bucks roundtrip . its a ride . yes you wait 15 mins for a dirty bus to pick you up . yes drivers semi rude . so what ? its a ride for cheap . if you want instant service grab a cab waste money . idiots wanting cheap and a limo avoid . penny pinchers like me wanting a cheap ride use them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "um ... 20 minutes in the desert heat and still waiting for a bus . tempted to just pay uber for a ride .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very unreliable ! i was told the shuttle will be a my hotel at a given time ( 4:20 am ) . well i was there at 4:20 am and no shuttle . waited the 10-15 minutes time as the returned ticket stated and called . i was informed my shuttle had been there already and they would be able to pick me up after their 5:10 pick at another hotel . ended up taking a cab . i was n't going to mention the 30 minute airport wait to get to the hotel but since the service was as equally bad on the return , i thought i might mention this also .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is just non sense . they said there will be shuttle every 15 mins and i have been waiting for 30 mins . when you spent $ 9 for the shuttle and wait for that long and they said it is non refundable , it is totally unacceptable ! highly not recommended !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "made an appointment for pickup at 830am for flight at 10am . at 840 called the operator to ask where the shuttle was and he said it will be there in 10min because of traffic but road was empty at this time . at 855 called again and she said car was still in traffic . vegas is not that big . ended up just taking a taxi and praying i dont miss my flight", "score": "1"}
{"review": "booked a shuttle to the airport from my hotel . waited 30 minutes past the agreed upon pick up time , and it still did n't arrive . during my wait , i called their # and was on hold for about 15 minutes , and never was able to talk to anybody . ended up having to take a taxi . i sent an email to the hotel i was at urging them to not associate with this awful service . i 'd encourage other reviewers who have had this bad experience ( which it looks like there are a lot of you ) to do the same .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely horrendous service . i waited almost an hour because the first shuttle did n't show up . i hope no one has to go through what i went through today .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "our children paid for a vegas vacation for my husband and me on our 20th anniversary . showtime was the company they used to shuttle us to and from the airport . the ride was excellent . we did not have to wait long and our drivers , both times were courteous and took great care of us ! the price was extremely reasonable and way better than that of a cab from the airport . i will be sure to book showtime whenever we go to vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very economical , but very antiquated . buy via american airlines vacations and you get no voucher or showtime confirmation , yet all the showtime folks at the airport demand that you have the voucher . ticket booth was rude , driver was rude . then they issue a manual pink slip for you to call and book your return . i did so , they did not show up , nor did anyone at the hotel know where the pick up areas was located . so i called and they were rude and unhelpful .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they told us shuttles to pick us up come every 20 minutes , but we have been waiting for 45 minutes and it 's early in the morning so there is n't any traffic . airline shuttles is 1.50 more but have one every 5 minutes . use them instead because this is terrible", "score": "1"}
{"review": "used this company on most of my trips to vegas , never once had a problem . they 're quick , convenient and have always been on time for me . the only downside on the return trip to the airport is , they recommend a much earlier airport arrival then necessary , so you do tend to have a longer wait at the airport then needed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just used showtime tours shuttle this past saturday and again this morning . i was shuttled from the airport to my hotel in downtown and back . both drivers `` margarite '' and `` george '' were punctual , courteous and friendly . will definitely use showtime shuttle in the future . aloha", "score": "5"}
{"review": "burn me once shame on you , burn my twice shame on me . i was left stranded at my `` off the strip '' hotel in december , but decided it was a one time mistake . well , they just did it again . waited over an hour and then was told that i was a `` no show '' - code words for the driver did n't want to make the trip . never again ! ! ! buy only if you like crappy customer service and lack of caring by their phone operators .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "okay if you have an hour to go 3 miles . i 'd walk though . the driver was very slow and even burned up a lot of time checking things like the door , baggage , etc . even with the other 2 stops , the travel should have been a lot faster . i guess there 's no time limit for him to get back for other passengers . in any event , i 'll take a taxi next time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "here is another old favorite of mine . but it changed so much since i first went there . this is the place that has like a 100 little areas stacked full . the only thing missing was the tiki room i use to love and alot of the retro furniture booths . tons of knicknacks this time tons . i ended up with a 50 's dress out of what 12000 feet of stuff . i did see some nice real furs and taxidermy animals i want . still a favorite for me . its not your usual rockabilly trendy place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "out of business . building has been vacant for a couple years . will be torn down as part of the freeway expansion .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "12,000 feet full of antiques and vintage finds . red rooster is located off the las vegas strip . plan to spend a few hours here to rummage through . red rooster consists of different rooms with many treasures such as cookbooks from the 1920 's to vintage furniture . the exterior of the building is a bit frightening and run down but it really is n't as scary as it seems . i spent about 2 hours here not just looking to buy , but was impressed with all the different knicknacks from different eras . i would have stayed a lot longer if i did n't already have plans . ca n't wait to go back ! definitely worth checking out next time u are in vegas !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the red rooster is a delight of a place to spend an afternoon meandering through just looking at the immense amount of stuff they have . rivaled only be the ( now defunct ? i believe ? ) sampler shoppes , this place is the largest one-stop antique place in town . you can find everything from periodicals to jewelry to furniture to tchotchkes to clothes - anything you can imagine , really . the people are usually pretty nice , although their knowledge may be limited . haggling is sometimes worth it , so it 's definitely ok to try . wander through , smell those old-thing smells , and have a blast even if you do n't qualify for an aarp card yet . antiquing ai n't just for old peeps !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "during my visit to arizona , we booked a premium car rental with alamo . the rates were decent as it was a busy weekend and they also offered after hours drop off . the staff was very helpful and they gave us a weekend special upgrade to a cadillac xts . that was the best part as the car was new with just 2k on it . very comfortable . i am very happy with my rental .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife had rented a car for me online , and i arrived at the car rental lines only to find that the alamo lines led to two kiosks ! before i could despair , a very helpful gal walked me and the next person in line through the process , which was quick and clean . the next step was to walk to the rental stand located about 100 yards away outside . as i approached the small building , i was met by another alamo employee offering a bottle of water . they had me in an upgraded car within five minutes . i have never used a more friendly , helpful car rental agency .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rented a car this past weekend and the service was superb . the airline i was on was very late getting into phx gateway ( seems to be pretty commonplace with allegiant ) and the alamo staff stayed late until we arrived ensuring we were able to pick up our vehicles . their service and dedication is very appreciated and i will not hesitate using them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed a rental car due to my dad being in the icu in scottsdale . i was a little stressed . the alamo staff at the phoenix-mesa gateway airport were not made aware of my situation . i add this information to make a point . from the minute i approached the desk in the airport until i dropped the car off 3 days later , i was treated so well . i was greeted with an ice cold water and was given a very clean , reliable car to drive . i will absolutely rent from alamo in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could not be more annoyed with the swindlers that are alamo . i was basically charged twice for the same rental . i paid through allegiant when i booked my ticket and then paid an additional in $ 70 in `` taxes . '' absolutely scandalous and a complete rip off . ( approx . the same price as the original rental ) . of course , when i requested a refund to take my business elsewhere , they blame it all on allegiant ... who , surprise ! ! ! ... they do n't have a phone number or contact info for . absolutely terrible business . i plan to make this known in every possible location i can so that i can prevent this from happening to more people . oh , and i would like a refund of the money i was scammed out of .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had family in town over the thanksging time frame . rented a mini-van to get us all around town . the rental process was superb and the vehicle was immaculate . i 'm going to put alamo as my preferred car rental agency .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my second time renting a car from alamo at mesa gateway airport and both times have had excellent service . i appreciate them handing out cold water when i went to pick up the car . returning the car was simple , pull up and hand over the keys ! i will gladly do business with them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not happy . picked up our rental in the dark and was never offered a chance to inspect the car . everything was fine until we turned in the car . the agent noticed that the front bumper had been scratched and said they would have to file a damage report . there had been no collision while i was driving and i 'm uncertain how it could have happened while parked given where the damage was on the bumper . now i 'm hit with an almost $ 500 bill ! wo n't be using alamo again . lesson learned .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i originally wrote a one star review . that was more about my horrible experience with the alamo claims department and alamo 'customer care ' . we have been renting from this alamo location since 2008 . the service had always been great at the counter . the manager did his very best to make things right with the issue regarding the claims department . he was very professional , even when i was losing it on him about things he was not in control of . i appreciate the manager 's calm demeanor . i eventually came around to acknowledge phoenix mesa airport alamo did n't fail me , the claims department did . they are belligerent pigs to deal with , and alamo 'customer care ' really does n't , until you write a negative review . at that point , they are all over your issues concerns . h , the manager at phoenix mesa , single handedly brought us back as the loyal customers we were . well done , h. you are awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i decided to gamble and wait to rent a car until we landed in mesa . we had hoped that we could get a better price at the last minute . wrong ! then herman schilling , area manager for alamo , saw our dilemma and came to our rescue . after discussing several options , herman helped us to get a full-sized car for even less money than we would have paid for a mid-sized car if we 'd reserved on-line with any rental car company ahead of time . i 'm not suggesting that , in the future , we 'll wait to rent our car when we arrive in mesa . but , herman has made us a true believer in alamo and we will rent from them whenever possible . ( prior to his retirement , my husband was a long-time hertz gold club member . )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i booked the car for the wrong airport in phoenix . they were very nice to point that out , and then took very good care of me . i was very happy with the service and the car . checking in at the mesa airport is the quickest i have ever seen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first time rental here . it was super awesome . all things were good for me . i m going to use here again and again . recommend here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have rented from this location a few times , each time has been friendly and pleasant . i appreciate the smiles and friendliness early in the morning~ i tend to pick up the vehicle at the earliest available time . the pick up return has been quick and trouble free . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have bad experience with this location.i got flat tire and no one help on time.there was no spare wheel in car so i almost miss my flight.i have to pay uber to catch my flight and they did n't bother to resolve this issue.i called few times on this location and i was on hold for atleast 25 to 30 min .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we just had the best customer service ever at this alamo . saved our christmas vacation . thank you celina for saving us and making alamo our favorite rental company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rented a van in the mesa , az area . we had an issue with a cracked window . it was n't apparent when we picked the car up but by the time we returned the vehicle days later the crack was over 12 inches long . i explained the situation and alamo did not charge us anything which we really appreciate ! ! ! it was n't our fault to begin with but i do n't think all companies would have believed us ! so thanks alamo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent , friendly service . i used the kiosk to avoid the line and was quickly able to head to the parking area . the lady there quickly handed me the keys and eve gave 2 complimentary water bottles !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i dont know why all the bad reviews . when i walked in i was waited on right away and everyone was super friendly . tyus waited on us and she was super helpful and explained everything . she was also patient with me and my mother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so freaking disgusted with at & t all together.. my bill is never the amount i am quoted.. i have everything with them internet cell phone and uverse.. i was on hold trying to speak with a manager and was hung up on and then called back and was placed on hold for 30 minutes . i am looking for another provider ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the wait time here is horrible . i was greeted at the door by a lady with an ipad before i could barely step inside . she took my name and the reason for my visit and told me there were `` 3 people ahead of me '' . this resulted in an hour wait with no where to sit ! one family of 8 actually took the table by the window and got takeout from moe 's and had lunch while they waited , then let their 2 kids play tag in the store . management did n't seem to care . the employees would disappear in the back . at one point the manager actually poked his head through the door and i heard him say `` what are you guys doing back here ? '' we selected the phone we wanted but when it was finally our turn we learned it was out of stock ! ! rather than get back in line we left . our legs were tired from all that standing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went in for a migraine , came out feeling better . i have a history of migraines and when they get bad ( nausea , extreme pain , blurred vision , ect ) , i usually have to go to the er . but when i go to the er , its usually a 4 hour ordeal ( depending on how busy they are ) . at alliance i was seen and treated very quickly . i was in and out , pain free , in 30 minutes . will use again for migraines and or other minor injuries illnesses", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick service . not usually too busy . theyll bill u for whatever is remaining after ur ins pays , which helped alot", "score": "4"}
{"review": "waited about 30 min to be seen . everyone was very polite and professional , but the visit did seem a little rushed . ( upper respiratory infection or virus , doc thought it was a virus and prescribed z-pack anyway ) got my meds and on my way .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "horrible customer service . i should have know something was off since there was no one in the waiting room . do n't waste your time here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "always likes preso but this location dont do upsizes for the get two for 8 deal , the one at pmall can upsize to large for 2 extra bucks", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they changed their name to yummy wok . same unpleasant staff , same unappetizing food.. and they did n't give me sweet n sour sauce for my s & s balls i want to vomit , now i know what a cheater feels like , i 'm sorry mandarin , it feels like i have an sti in my gut ... if i ever spoke poorly of any other restaurant add an extra start to their rating ... i 'm contemplating of inducing vomiting but chemical help line says you should never do that ... rip max ps i tossed most of the dish out.. sorry for wasting food..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i tried this salon recently , mainly because i drive past it and it did n't look too busy . i made an appointment for the following weekend morning and was able to sit down after she finished up with one guy . good thing i made an appointment because six other guys walked in during my time there . it was $ 20 for a haircut , but that included a shampoo . they offer a full line of services and seem to have a strong focus on shaving and shaving products . i did not partake in that , but maybe next time . the haircut was quick ( i dont have much hair ) , but looked great . i will definitely use this one again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sierra was great . good haircut and great scalp , neck , and shoulder massage . i gave it 4 stars because the website makes this place seem much different . online it seems like it would be a men 's lounge kind of feel . it 's close with the big chairs and nice fixtures , but the fluorescent lights and general appearance of disorganization somewhat kills it . they have cool looking hanging lights . would be nicer if they used them , killed the fluorescence , and organized a bit . would be even nicer if the back office was n't disorganized and generally open for everyone to see", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decided to try this place since it is pretty close to home . i got there to find it did n't open till 9 . no problem . it 's only 15 minutes and there is a dutch bros next door . 9am rolls around so i go to get my cut and the door is still locked . i see at least 1 employee inside , so i figure she is setting up and will open the door in a minute or so . well 10 minutes go by and it 's still locked up . i decided to leave when i noticed other customers showing up only to be locked out . bad first impression mug .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great men 's cut environment . no girl talk and no nasty salon smells . espn on tv . julie was awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "elisha at mug has styled my hair for the last year . i really appreciate the ease of scheduling ( always scheduling at the last minute ) , the relaxed atmosphere , spotless stations and low pressure attitude . i do n't go to mug to make decisions about this or that , elisha and her team just know what i want . what i want is easy , no pressure , clean , relaxed and quiet ... oh yeah , and a great style and fabulous shiatzu ! the dutch bros next door is just an added bonus . keep it up gang !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was the first time ever coming to mug . the stylist becky took great care of me and i had no complaints , no long wait times , and they really know how to cut hair . prices are on point with competition and a much better atmosphere , stylists , and quality . will be back , thanks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great , have been going for almost two years . have seen a fair amount of turnover in women working there , but they are always excellent and always professional . i always recommend them to anyone asking about men 's grooming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going for several months now and it 's a great place for a men 's cut and shave . the staff is very polite and great at what they do . my son now goes there too and teenagers are hard to please when it comes to haircuts . the best is to make an appointment as they are busy on most days for walk ins but that is a sign of a good men 's barber shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! ! as for elisha . service was amazing and the quality of work is there . plus you ca n't beat the price for the quality ! do n't got anywhere else . try the shave ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went mug about a year ago , and had no idea it was a full service trim . i really enjoyed the staff and the cut was great . we moved away due to work but now were back ! they are quite busy so the best thing to do is man an appointment . the lady that cut my hair was jaysmn and she did a fantastic job . i would highly recommend mug .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally one in gilbert on val vista williams field ! ! this barber shop is great ! kathrynn has been cutting my hair for last 3 months and never looked better . there is also a new brew pub going in next door so looks like i will be getting a haircut every 2 weeks now ! finally a place where you can set an appointment ! i had to quit sports clips due to long wait regardless of when you would show up . my time is valuable and i do not like 1.5 hours to get a haircut ! anyway super stylish place , great chairs and personable stylists..what is not to like ? ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nicer place for guys to get their grooming . cecilia did a great job with my hair , was friendly and a good conversationalist . i will be coming here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in a rush and needed to get a haircut before going out of town . i wasnt able to get an appointment at the usual salons that i 've frequented for the last few years so i decided to give mug a shot . since my first appointment i 've yet to return to the fancy salons and stylists cause the girls at mug have their s t on lock ! best haircut i 've recieved in years and at a fraction of the cost . my biggest gripe about stylists is i never know whats gon na look best so i bring in pics of things i like and ask for advice . most stylists had nothing for me . the girls at mug were able to help out a lot and with my new style my girlfriend says i look like such a rugged bad ass . needless to say ive been returning ever since . definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was ridiculously expensive i paid 48 dollars for two hair cut one being a child 's . everyone was extremely nice but 17 dollars for a child 's hair is pretty outrageous..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been going here for more than a year . the service is great and the cut is always what i want . tv 's , sports , guy movies ... etc ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mug was a great place to work but it is time for me to move on . i am now at fantastic sam 's off the gilbert exit on the 202 . i 'll miss my regular clients ... good bye n god bless .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome , no-gimmick hair salon barber for men . menu options include scissor cut , shave cut , beard face shave , shampoo , etc . had my first visit yesterday and i 'm impressed . got a haircut and shampoo & was in and out in 20 minutes . wife actually complimented my new doo ' so i guess i have a new place and stylist . her name is renee by the way and she kicks ass at cutting hair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred here from a few of my co workers who had been going here and had nothing but awesome feedback . i always dreaded the inconsistent haircuts i 'd get from other places so i decided to give this place a try . i 've been coming here since august and elisha has done an awesome job every time cutting my hair !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so , it 's been a bit since my last review . i 've had a constant person cutting my hair dani . it 's been great no complaints for two years . unfortunately she 's no longer a constant as she has moved on to bigger and better things . i made an appointment for a haircut 9:30 and i showed up 2 minutes early . there was a walk in that came in just ahead of me and he was taken back for a hair cut i was n't even acknowledged ! ! ! i walked out , and will never return i headed to another shop , and i will see how it goes at least they said hi when i walked in great start ! i 'm giving two stars only because the person called , however 45 minutes later i guess better late than never ! ! perhaps good customer service is a dying thing , but it 's the most important thing when you 're in the people business it 's how business grows novel concept i know ? ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "recent moved to az and found this gem . best barber in town ! service is impeccable , i highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enjoyed my haircut at this place . sure its geared towards men , and that is a fairly simple accomplishment . while cutting hair , just let the poor guy vent.. that 's the whole recipe - not that i am the venting guy , but i do have opinions that i force upon those that have no choice but to listen . but i got a decent haircut with a wash and all that goes along with that . the hairdresser ( in lack of more accurate nomenclature ) asked me what shampoo i use , and i answered that i usually use soap that resulted in a horrid look as if i was breeding dogs for fighting . i 'm a guy , i use what i have got to my disposal . if soap will do fine for the rest of my body i am sure it will pull its magic cleaning stunt on my noggin too . but she found my skull a but dry , and i did concur and therefore bought something to combat this unwanted situation . overall it was a good experience . would go again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty good haircut . more of a salon vs barber shop . they only shave the back of your neck and not trim anything past there . v 's gives you the whole hot towel wrap , straight razor your neck , beard and behind your ears .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we have used scottsdale air several times in the past . the last time was definitely the last time . the technician who came out was rude , rude , rude . he told us the problem was not fixable and that they would have to replace the system for thousands of dollars . we called a different company for a second opinion and they said it was quite obvious what the problem was and were able to fix it in just over an hour for a few hundred dollars . i do have to say that when we called the office to complain they were very pleasant , but it did not make up for the nasty , condescending technician . we will never use scottsdale air again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as promised i received an estimate to replace the return ducting to take care of the noise problem . i accepted it and they came out the next week . the noise problem is now taken care of and they found another problem . the original installer ( arizona trademasters - see separate review ) put a 5 ton air handler in the crawl space for a 3 1 2 ton unit . that 's apparently ok with trane but they 're supposed to set the air handler properly - so it moves air for a 3 1 2 ton unit , not a 5 ton unit . they did n't do that which contributed to the noise problem . scottsdale air reset the air handler and did the same for my other unit at no charge . the work was done efficiently and professionally - i 'm very happy with my service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i generally use `` my guy '' when it comes to work around the house , but when my a c was acting up and it had a scottsdale air sticker on it from the install before i owned the house , i gave them a buzz . each time i had the pleasure of speaking with irma in the office who was super helpful - she tracked down warranty information the previous owner of my home had put in place , and scheduled some great service guys for the job ! without knowing the complete history of the units i was nervous that they would need something drastic , but after the due diligence was done on their end , we figured out i was still well under warranty ! i ca n't recall the last time a company did so much leg work for me to save me cash ; i will definitely use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommended . i had water leaking from the a c unit in the attic . i called scottsdale air and they arranged to visit between 8am and noon . tony woods showed up at 815am . he was great . solved the problem in 5 minutes . fortunately , it was just a clogged a c drain pipe . tony was professional and answered all my questions . i would absolutely call them again in a heartbeat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "giving credit for first to respond to a quote and pleasant technician , believe it was hector so credit to him , nice guy but the bid for repair seemed way too high so i 'm waiting for a few more estimates that wo n't cost $ 95 dollars which i was told would not apply to the repair . update the next bid that came in was a less than a third of the cost from a company that was suggested by my general contractor who i hate to bother for home repairs as that 's not what he does but needed an independent opinion and referral as the quote just did n't seem right .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok ... 19 years ( 3 houses ) and counting . i would n't even consider using anyone else . they know everything ... can answer any question ... are always on time and quite reasonable . the techs are professional and courteous and the office is always prompt and efficient . mike -- what a way to set an example for the rest of the country ! ! ! ! ! susan c. phoenix , az", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we got several estimates and the scottsdale air estimate was very competitive and included things that others charged extra for . steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space . he did not pressure us , but gave us the facts we needed . the techs were on time and were so quiet and hardworking , we hardly knew they were there , but in a few hours we had a new unit and it 's working perfectly . very excellent experience and we do n't hesitate to recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast and professional service ! i was surprised how quick the process was to get my ac replaced . i have a flat roof , and i appreciated that they painted a coat of elastomeric paint on the area before installing the new unit . i was really impressed with their attention to detail and customer satisfaction .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the tech just left , i will post up a few other reviews because the service and the workmanship have always been great . i have purchased three units from them and had service done 2 times . well , this call was because i was unsure if the unit was working right . they came right out , spent over a hour making sure all the readings were correct and i even programmed the thermostat ( which made a huge difference ) . thanks scottsdale air !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just the best had a new ac installed to replace a 25 year old unit they did such a great job i did not even know they were here the unit works great my electric bill is lower from the first call to the guys that installed it and worked in a hot hot crawlspace and not a spec of dust thanks again for the great job", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely the best ! sunday + emergency + 111 degrees ... hot house they were slammed with requests that day . they returned our voicemail for urgent help . jacob was the only service guy on duty that day , and he was able to get to our house within a few hours . up on a hot flat roof for 30 minutes trying to discover the problem . alas ... not an easy fix for that day . however ... the very next day . the part needed was found and installed by the next afternoon . whhhaattttt ? ? ? super service ! ! ! thank you jacob and scottsdale air ... . great way to treat customers ... ! ! ! ! kc costello", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a pleasure to endorse the superior team at scottsdale air . i have had a professional relationship with mike cross for over 20 years and have watched him build his highly respected and successful business . from his office staff to his service technicians , michael has always surrounded himself with the most highly trained professionals . his team has exceptional knowledge of the hvac industry along with a high degree of pride and outstanding customer service skills . there are tons of air conditioning guys out there but only a few who can be truly be classified as `` hvac experts '' . i believe that the success of scottsdale air comes down to what i see as mike 's core values . honesty , integrity and customer-focused professionalism resonate throughout his organization . i have trust in the work they do today and the confidence that scottsdale air will be there for me tomorrow and for years to come . thanks mike , for the continued excellence ! bill p. scottsdale", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came home to a hot house on a friday night , called s'dale ac at 9pm , spoke to the answering service . scottsdale ac called back at 8:30am sat morning to say they would be here at 9am , which they were . hector said it was the capacitor , which was covered under my warranty , so i only had to pay for the weekend visit . he did the job and i am now cool .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've used several valley a c companies over the years . scottsdale air has impressed us the most . the service technicians have been courteous and prompt , calling with a lead time on their arrival and then actually showing up when promised . i 've only had to call scottsdale air twice , but both times , i was able to get service within a day , even during peak heat times . their pricing is competitive . when we 've had a question about a repair , they 've been approachable and happy to answer our questions . our second visit was due to user error that someone in our home created , but the technician was super kind and courteous and did n't make us feel like dummies . a heating and a c company is the kind of company you hope you do n't have to call , but when you inevitably do , call scottsdale air heating & cooling .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have worked with scottsdale air heating on 2 different occasions and strongly recommend this company . the first time , we needed to replace our a c system . mike came over and did a thorough study before he advised what kind of system would work best for our house . we followed his advice and could n't be happier with our new high efficiency , 2-stage , variable speed heat pump . it 's cooling the house much better , much quieter , and most importantly it brings the electric bill down significantly . scottsdale air 's price was most reasonable compared to the 4 other companies that we talked to . a couple years later , we needed to re-route our duct system for a remodeling project . mike came out to see us right away and gave us great advice . the job was done professionally and on time and the charge was very reasonable . we are very happy with the services , the professionalism , and the jobs mike and his crew did for us . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we met jeff at the home and garden show in phoenix and shortly thereafter engaged scottsdale air for regular preventive maintenance on our a c unit . we knew it was close to having to replace the system . they were honest , professional and courteous . jeff is exteremely experienced in design and solved our lack of airflow problems with some duct work changes and additions . they made good recommendations and showed us all options for different a c units . when they came to do the work they were prompt , professional , and the house was cleaner when they left than it was before . they showed us how to work the new system and it was truly an `` easy '' experience . we 'll be using them for regular maintenance and recommending them wherever we can . they were wonderful oh and were no pressure too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely the best service i 've ever received . when the time comes to allow a business to service any particular part of your home we all cringe about finding the right company to do the job . i can honestly say i made the right decision . the three technicians that were part of the crew were as professional as you could ask for . they arrived promptly and hot to work . i was informed of all the task taking place and they answered all of my questions with the knowledge of an expert journeyman . my house is now more comfortable than it 's ever been . you could n't tell any work was performed other than the new ac unit that was installed . i would recommend scottsdale air to all of my family and friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scottsdale air is a first class company . everyone that i worked with during the installation of our new ac unit was on time , respectful and knowledgable . they answered all of my questions and helped me understand exactly what i was getting and how to use the equipment . i was very pleased with the overall experience . thanks for everything scottsdale air !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while i am more typically found at fedex , truth be told , i use this ups store quite frequently for returning amazon purchases that were bad ( usually electronics that came from overseas ) . i generally pop in with my prepaid label and drop off a couple packages at a time . the clerk is always friendly and always gives me a drop off receipt with no sales pitch about any of the services they offer there . i have even brought in pieces for the us mail and bought exact postage for them there . they take them from you so you do n't have to make a second stop . they have postal boxes , copying and even sell things such as iphone cases and chargers there . stop in if you need packing services or to send anything .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "me and my wife got a mailbox here so we could begin the moving process before we bought a home in the area . the help staff is very friendly and in the capacity they have , they do what they can . carol ( the lady in charge of the mailboxes ) messed up the paperwork for the mailbox number . we got that cleared up , but she did not `` open '' the box in her system , so when we needed an address verification , they were unable and unwilling to help . it was very frustrating . then a month goes by and i go to check the box , there was a note that the box had to be upgraded due to having occasional business labeled mail sent to us . we had clarified that we would get mail by different names on the mailbox . all in all , i ca n't wait till we are able to cancel this box , so that i do n't have to ever set foot in the place again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "beware ! ! had a package ( guitar ) delivered there and they sent it back ! ! no call , no contact.. just retuned to sender ! ! even ups said this was a mistake ! ! store said it was `` policy '' rude management , unresponsive owners . stay away ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had to ship back my broken cell phone , so everything was all ready to go with a prepaid label and everything . i was greeted as soon as i walked in , which is always nice to see . the staff was moving really fast , but were super efficient . i was in and out in a jiffy . they had some pretty cool pens there and i picked up one because i needed a replacement purse pen . come on in and use these guys for all of your shipping needs !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've never used ups before but vanessa made my transaction super easy ! the post office is always a nightmare so i was expecting the same , but they were friendly , helpful and efficient !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ups store was a very good experience . the lady behind the counter was really helpful in allowing me to select packing material , repackage my parcel , and pay the postage . i had to repackage the parcel in the store , and she was very patient and helpful , even helping get more packing peanuts for me to use . i will definitely go back again ( hopefully better prepared next time ) !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go to this ups store all the time because my work requires me to ship products on a regular basis . everyone is always friendly and very helpful , getting me in and out quickly . monica and vanessa are great and i would recommend this store to anyone who needs to do some shipping !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in this evening and was helped by three very nice young ladies ! monica , second monica and vanessa ! all three were helpful and made my pain in butt return super easy . thanks ladies for all your help , best service in a long time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i went to mail a couple of packages at the post office off of priest dr . between warner rd . and elliot . the girl at the pick up door was very rude so we basically said , `` okay , thank you '' and left . we drove to the ups store on ray and 48th st . they were awesome ! they filled the box with popcorn and taped it shut for us , at no extra charge ( the girl at the post office was going to charge us $ 4 for tape ) . at the ups store , it even cost less to ship our packages . they were extremely helpful , friendly . we will definitely drive the extra 5 minutes to have such good customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service and fast and convenient i do n't need to go to a post office they take care of all my needs from stamps to faxing and mailing thanks ups store sincerely happy customer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this mail shop . every time i 've gone and i 've had excellent customer service with very minimal wait times . employees are very helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go to this ups store all the time . the staff is friendly , knowledgeable and helpful . when i ship a package , they let me know all my options , and what would work best for me . if i have questions they take the time to answer them until they feel i 'm satisfied . i never feel rushed whenever i 'm getting any kind of service . it 's like a small family that cares about any service they offer . i will continue to go there and recommend any of my friends to do the same !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "1st time going to amazing vegas con this year . not bad but a lot smaller than the other comic cons we 've been to . they had a great deal in groupon for the passes . under 10 years old are free . if you bought passes via groupon , the line was non existent and we were able to get in very quickly . there was a long line to pick up or buy passes through the regular window . we primarily went to have comics signed for the hubby . there were many artists and vendor booths . the space itself was small and a few hours sufficed for us . we spent longer in lines waiting to get signatures than to walk around the whole convention . i gave it a 4 star solely based on the # of big names artists that were there and that we accomplished what we set out to do . definitely much better to go to the smaller cons for signatures vs going to a big one like sdcc . will definitely go back next year .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "star wars fanatic here and collect my comic books- variants please ; ) they need additional vendors and must expand next year ! three stars- do not have it when other sizable comic conventions are taking place the same weekend ; ) maximum comics always stands out here and great activities !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "2017 amazing comic con was amazing again this year . we attended on friday and sunday . my daughter dressed up as storm and had a great time taking pictures with the cosplay participants . everyone was so kind and very accommodating to request for phots.the convention center was clean and thankfully had the ac blasting . parking was free and plentiful . my husband was super excited to sit and hear stan lee , todd mc far land and rob lie feld on stage . he is still talking about it . he did get comics signed , lines were long , however we were in great company . everyone was excited to be there and meet their favorite artist . we will return next year !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found this years con to be very good . a nice selection of collectables for every taste . the food stands had very good prices compared to other events , with a nice selection . event space was set up to make moving around very easy and the crowd was very cool . only draw back is the location is way south but thats a issue for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great family fun ! ! kids get in free on kids day ! cosplay , celebrities , authors , it 's all here at amazing las vegas comic con ! i have been going for 3 years now ! so much fun ! bring a tote bag to carry your purchases in and your autographed items ! a blast for everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a really great first time . i picked up a few different items from different vendors , it was really nice experience and we 're definitely going to go again . mason was a smashing success as lego batman and got several photo requests . no drama , no comic book commandos just really good vibes . looking forward to next year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for a first year con , i thought they pulled it off very well . being located at the southpoint made it much easier for me to get back to the house if i did n't want to pay convention prices for food and the location was nice due to the use of the giant convention halls . some things i truly hated though were the $ 45 for a one day pass . that is more than anime expo , and they pull in 160,000 people . i might go again next year if the price is dropped and they get more booth with shirts and not ones with used legos .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "probably one of the best cons i 've ever been to , legendary comic guests ! when i went stan lee and jim lee was there and i got the vip ticket to meet both ! quite an amazing experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my 2nd year in a row attending the comic con . it really was really amazing ! ok , stan lee , todd mcfarland , and rob liefeld were the heavy hitters who attended this year . they had a conference and took questions from the crowd . the cos players was top notch and my daughter even came dressed up for this event . the tickets was reasonably priced , kids under 10 are free as always . i came on friday and sunday , i had some comics signed , shopped a little , and took tons of pictures . i ca n't wait to see who 'll be attending next year . if you 're a comic book fan you need to check out the amazing las vegas comic con next year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am an artist and comic creator . i had a great time setting up at alvcc . there was a large enthusiastic group of fans at the show who were interested in commissions and original art . having the show inside the south point casino makes it super convenient . i was able to eat at the various restaurants , watch a movie , play blackjack and get up in time to be at my table before the show opened . lots of free parking was a welcome change from other shows . the staff of alvcc was very organized and helpful . it made set up easy and hassle free which after traveling from la was much appreciated . i give the event 5 stars . i 'll definitely be back ready to draw for the crowds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this years con best con i have been to in vegas . dealers were dealing and people were cool . couple of the staff were jerks but i 'm sure they were overwhelmed . only drawback was there was some other convention going on at the same time which made parking horrible , but it was worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it has been our tradition since 2013 to attend the amazing las vegas comic convention . it has always been fun esp . for my son who gets to see the who 's who in comics as well as getting the latest in action figure merchandise . lots of people in cool costumes , and of course julie newmar , the 1960s tv series ' catwoman ! the only drawback to this year 's convention is they held it alongside a beauty conference , and so parking was packed ! we had to walk very far , and in the 100 plus degree heat with no shade , it was really an ordeal ! other than that , the convention was great fun . i know i 'll still come back next year , hopefully the parking situation 'll be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "saturday , june 24 , 2017 , we spent the day attending the amazing comic con in las vegas . it was a fun day as we got to see some cool stuff from vendors around the country , comic store owners , pop culture , cosplay fans . we attended some very cool panels by amazing people such as ... chad hardin and jason fabok burt ward , julie newmar , and lee meriwether ray park rob liefeld todd mcfarlane and ... stan lee . this was my first time seeing the legend in person and it was great . https : youtu.be nlzxgdqfjua", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent comic con . they did a very classy thing after adam west had died . they quickly changed the batman '66 package to include the two living 1966 catwomen ( julie newmar and lee meriwether ) . if customers who already had the batman ticket did n't want that they could either trade it in for three other vip packages or simply get a refund . no delays . overall the con was great . lots of things to do and see . my only minor complaint is that they had no professional cosplayers ( like vegas pg , viva ww , riddle , etc ) attend . but there were a lot of great amateur cosplayers . also , even though i 'm not a marvel fan who can complain about stan lee attending the con . the man is a legend . these folks always put on a good con . i 'll be going back next year .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst service i 've ever seen . slow half the time orders are wrong . not polite at all . floors are sticky in the entire store . was back in the store february 23 the person i was with had to wait 15 minutes for her food after she ordered before me and 3 other people . everyone got their food before her and they ran out of popcorn chicken . when they finally made the chicken they gave it to people other then the one waiting the longest . i 've never seen such incompetence .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "extremely bad service ! i ordered online and made a call at 40 minutes because the food is supposed to be here . a lady picked up and said the delivery guy is on his way . waited another 30 mins and the food is still not here . i had to cancel the order with disappointment and the lady was very rude . no apology and just hung up the phone . do n't eat here", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terribly painfully slow ! ! plus got my order wrong totally confused staff ! ! where is the manager ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "need to go thru drive thru to get good service . food is goooooood ! ! ! ! ! needs better service inside tho .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no refunds . beware before buying . awful product . we bought two syringes and a moisturizer convinced the their product works ... nope . it only worked long enough for them to convince you while in their store and buy the product . the syringe that makes wrinkles and bags `` go away '' only worked for about three hours and in the end , it started cracking and made you look like you have some skin disease . the bottom of the receipt tells you no refunds . exchange only within 14 days , but after being disappointed in their products , why in the hell would i want to exchange it with more of their crappy products . and they sell these things at such a steep price , this has to be illegal at some point . you have been warned .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this company is awful ! they lie , cheat and steal . mark your boxes so you can not return even though unopened ! though they say you can return within 7 days . stay clear from them ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "buyer beware ! ! ! my aunt purchased the venofye royal jelly eye beelift 20g 0.71 oz for $ 150 plus tax . after using it for 5 days as directed the bottle was empty ! due to the design of the packaging you are unable to see it 's contents . i do n't think it had even 1 gram of product in the bottle . after reading other people 's reviews i ca n't believe this company is still in business . they cheat people selling their inferior product that by the way does not work at all . by selling their product in las vegas where most people are visitors it is less likely they will get returns . the people that try to get returns are faced with their no returns policy . this company should be forced to close down . i plan to report them to the better business bureau . they are modern day snake oil salesmen . shame on you adore ! ! ! your business disgusts me ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so , i had a corporate question and contacted the corporate office . this is a legitimate company , and they had no quelms discussing the product use and best uses , as well as replacing a product if i am not 100 % happy with it . unlike isagenix , which made me really ill - and it took god and country to get a full refund for bioengineered food want to be stuff , i should have never consumed in the first place . lets see how well these products work - it will take a good solid 3 months of any product to show results , so lets see ! in the mean time , i will swear by luchiano and nichole who wanted at first to eat me a live thinking i was calling for a `` buyers remorse refund '' , who is now a personal consultant i would not hesitate to contact if i need a refill or assistance with a product ! let the jury be out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was just harassed by the sales man at the paris hotel . he dragged me into the store and kept pressuring me to buy his product just like someone trying to sell a time share . i felt very uncomfortable and did not want to purchase because of that . once he finally gave up on me he told me i was wasting is time and to leave . it was so terrible . i was actually considering purchasing his product at some point but on my on terms . now i can guarantee that i will not be purchasing this product . not exactly someone i would want selling products to my hotel guests if i were the paris hotel !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "major high pressure scam to sell bogus products . salespeople are relentless , blocking exit so you ca n't leave shop front . very disappointed i wasted so much money for worthless & deceptive products .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i can give an zero star , i 'd be very happy to . but unfortunately , the lowest star i can give is one star . i just passed its store and the store manager or store clerk was standing right outside its store . when i approached him asking for direction , he immediately waived his hands and said he did n't speak english . a second later , he welcomed others in perfect english . this was really disturbing and discriminatory as he saw me as a asian woman and treated me so badly . if you think a person should be treated with respect , do n't ever buy anything from the store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't really have sensitive skin , so i do n't have a preferred brand . my friend recommended i go to the store and try these products , so i agreed . why not , right ? anyways , i bought a couple of things ( firming serum and after shave balm -- from their men 's line ) and my skin looks really good , so i would purchase again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "are high pressure sales illegal ? no . is a no refund policy illegal ? again , the answer is no . businesses have a right to their policies . please explain how high pressure sales is a `` scam '' ? last i checked it was being sold product a and getting product b . we 've all been `` sold '' by great pushy salesmen and women , and over the years i 've learned to say `` no thank you '' . unfortunately , the only ones crying `` scam '' are those who simply ca n't say no thank you , walk away or neglected to read the receipt . please , just learn to say `` no thank you . '' the only reason i checked 5 stars is because i said no thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beware : the sales person are really good and tell you what you to here but i learned my lesson from a previous buy of another product that also sold in the little carts in the middle of the mall . the moment they tell you that they will cut the prices in half just because they like you ... it is a total scam . they also offered free products if you buy more . do n't fall for it . dadeland mall in miami , florida .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "took advantage of an 80 year old woman and she is still fighting for the credit of $ 4,000 they put on her card . not a trustworthy company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "adore cosmetics at la sevon palazzo i 'm very amazed by the customer service i 'm amazed with the result of the product i 'm very excited to start using it , the instant results of the product that was i was looking for many years i will give it five stars . i appreciate the person we help me which issweet lady from israel her name is michel and benjamin ! ! ! very helpful person and very sweet girl . benjamin is a good looking guy ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i would recommend anybody to use the adore organic", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow amazing products and ca n't wait to start using ... amazing customer service and always available to answer any questions . i will be recommending to many people to use these products", "score": "5"}
{"review": "usually go for the half price wings deal but that is no longer offered . ordered the rib wing platter to split between 2 people . 1 . wing rib platter - big wings with good amount of meat . ribs were tender and not dry . fries , a lot . also comes with vegetables . good deal for $ 17 to share .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "mt girlfriends family has made a tradition of going here every year for dinner on new years day ( why we keep going when one of the kids got their meal after everyone else ate last year ) anyways , i tried a few things on the menu until i came across the souvlaki ( the meat , veg and rice was nothing special , but wow did i ever fall in love with the dressing on the greek salad ) . so this year i knew exactly what to order , the chicken souvlaki . was i ever disappointed , not only had the price gone up , ( $ 18.00 ) but there was almost no dressing on the greek salad . the only reason i bothered with the souvlaki was the salad , they used almost no cheese ( i understand with prices going up and whatnot ) but the worst part was that they skimped on the cheapest ingredient . ah well , i only go there once a year , next year i will have to find something else . .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ever since the place was sold this summer , the service and food quality have nose dived . we waited 30 min for wings , and when they were brought it was brought out one serving at a time , there were 5 of us . not to mention the flavour was wrong , it 's wings , not rocket science . we wo n't be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "probably the best wings in the city and cheap beer ! i 've been going here for about 11 years and every meal i ever had has been amazing . my issue is the owners brother , we had nowhere to sit in the bar and he was taking up an entire booth to himself just staring . yes your brother owns the bar but come on , give the patrons a seat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "new owners at the triple . they are having challenges . inclined to give it a pass for the time being .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i loved this place . m friends and i went there for appetizers and a few drinks before heading downtown on new year 's eve . the bbq chicken pizza was n't the kind i 'm used to , but it was utterly fabulous . my friends had the hot wing , i 'm not usually a hot wings person so i was just happy with my pizza and white zinfandel . not expensive at all..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so disappointed . the server gets 4 stars for being patient and upbeat but did n't know what anything on the menu was . it 's already a bad sign when each person has to explain to the server what is stated on the menu - grab a pen and paper and write it down at least ! the food was abysmal . got the calamari ( super greasy and overcooked ) and pork souvlaki ( the salad was the best part , potatoes were home fries and when i asked for the tzatziki it came with she had no idea what i was talking about and brought `` ranch '' that tasted nothing like ranch . my friend ordered a burger and fries ( greasy and soggy ) . used to come to this restaurant 10+ years ago up until 2013 . food and service was great and ca n't complain about the increase in prices over the years due to the consistency of quality and service . now someone new owns the place and it 's not what it used to be . save your time and money and go elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i drove across town hoping to have a good experience . whoever added this business did not include `` smoke shop '' in the name . this place is vapor ii smoke shop . i walked in and was disappointed , not only from being misled from the title of yelp but also from service . of course i ask about vapes just hoping they have a good selection . i said to myself `` naww . not what i was lookin ' for . '' and the guy working there said `` yeah we 're not a vape shop . '' yet the name of the store is vapor . very misleading . the vape products they do carry are basic starter kits , and liquid you would see at a smoke shop that i do n't recommend purchasing . if i still smoked hookah , this would be an average smoke shop . nothing spectacular , average prices , everyday smoke shop items .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "open 24 hours on the weekends , we went saturday night . was n't worth the deive", "score": "4"}
{"review": "to the guy who said it was misleading , let me tell you that vapor has been around for years even before anyone in vegas knew or heard of what vaping was . i myself is a dedicated customer and was sadden when the first store closed down because there werent many 24hr smoke shop . im glad they reopened it near my house now with vapor 2 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "years ago , this place was awesome . i think they changed management at some point and since then it has seemed to decline more and more . the last time i went , i ordered mongolian beef . it looked nothing like what mongolian beef should look like . it was full of different vegetables when it only should have contained onions . at first , i thought they 'd given me the wrong order but he assured me that it was correct . it tasted like a combination of other dishes on the menu . it was not good and not what i was expecting . the staff is always very polite and the service is fast , so i added a star for that , but the food has declined to the point that i doubt i 'll return", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we ordered mongolian beef that was full of vegetables served with rice and egg roll . my husband had moo gai pan and had to have his chicken recooked . it originally came out slimy and undone . they took it back and next try looked just the same ... .raw slimy rubber appearance like uncooked spoiled meat . mongolian beef should only have green ions and beef . my dish had every vegetable and the meat tasted funny . our egg roll was terrible and we could not eat them . if you value your stomach and your wallet . do n't eat here . in all our years together and eating out 4-5 times a week , this is the first time we have ever left our dinners basically untouched .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place to eat for some chinese food ... lo mein was n't my favorite , but it was n't bad . my boyfriend and i both got the sesame chicken , and it was delicious . perfectly cooked with great flavor . no complaints !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have used this chinese takeout a lot but lately food portions have gone downhill , just last night ordered triple delight and i bet that they were maybe two tiny shrimp mixed in with a lot of broccoli and little else , i used to get at least six or seven huge shrimp , i think that was my last visit !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the best chinese food ive had in gastonia county . since moving to nc from connecticut it was hard finding good chinese food . their food is flavorful and reminds me more of the chinese food up north . their egg rolls are delicious . the steamed dumplings are crave worthy . just all around good food . their pork fried rice is crave worthy as well . i highly recommend china as the best chinese food in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent chinese fast food . lunch specials for $ 4.95 and very clean restrooms . the owner always remembers you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was only impressed that their health dept cleanliness rating was a 96.5 . i ordered the szechuan shrimp combo because i love spicy foods ... .they forgot to add any spicy . there were only 4 shrimp in the shrimp combo , but they were fresh and tasty . mostly it was huge , veggies in a brown sauce ... carrots , green peppers , onions . the eggroll that comes with the combo was so old i had to rip it apart to eat it . i most likely wo n't return , but the place was clean !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "always enjoyed my take out food . excellent prices . call ahead it can be backed up at dinner time if you are getting take out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i agree with andrew t. when my wife and i walked in , right away we felt like we were disturbing the two female employees ' social hour . there was no , `` hi , welcome to subway '' , better yet , no response and or acknowledgement at all . last time i checked , customers at any business makes the paycheck . also , when we finally got service , we were quickly rushed , and ofcourse no `` thank you '' . i only gave one star to the fact that nothing was wrong with our food , but really how can you mess that up when the customers are telling them what we want on our subs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "normally i could n't fathom leaving such a negative review for a subway as i quite enjoy eating fresh but i found this particular establishment to be most unsatisfactory . it was relatively clean inside but there was no atmosphere whatsoever . there was no music or anything , just utter silence . service was ok , two stars maybe , but it was virtually impossible to understand the employees . we got ta have some basic communication if we 're going to do business . prices were definitely higher than other subways and the veggies were n't especially fresh . food was acceptable but unmemorable and certainly lower quality than other locations . if it were a small town and this was the only subway , i guess it would be tolerable but this is phoenix . there 's a subway on every corner and i see absolutely no reason to visit this location ever again . clean up guys , tour other locations or something to see how it 's done . what you 're doing is n't working at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am doing a favor to this place by giving them one star . horrible service ! you feel rushed the whole time . all the workers have an attitude problem . they dont carry spinach , pepperjack cheese or avocado ! wtf ! ? and the jerks would not even put my bacon in the toaster to make it crispy yet it 's ok to put my bacon in there if my whole sandwich is being toasted ? ? screw this place ... avoid it at all costs . they are marked expensive because their food sucks ass for one and their service puts the icing on the cake . they should pay me to walk in .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wish i could give them zero stars . the other reviews are spot on . they do n't want your business . they refuse to honor subway coupons . the employees act rude and condescending . their prices are more expensive than other subways in the area . i 'd recommend the subway at 51st and olive if you 're looking to eat at subway in this neighborhood . avoid this one at all costs !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came in for lunch today and got to chat the owner who recently bought this store . she was very pleasant and is working hard to make the store a nice place . check it out and ask for heidi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish i could give negative stars . this is by far the worst subway i 've ever been to . the staff is rude and rush you or just ignore anything that you 're saying . i asked them to not toast my sandwich and got a long sigh and continued attitude . the vegetables were old and soggy and do n't even try to ask them to take something wrong off because you 'll get yet another sigh and another full dose of attitude . terrible service . horrible food . i live less than a quarter mile from this subway but i am always more than happy to drive 5 mikes out of my way to go to a different one with better service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "minus stars if possible . i ordered 6 '' veggie delite , no cheese . they 're on special this month . i 've been to mesa , scottsdale , phoenix and all of them have them for $ 2 this month . that 's what i normally eat anyhow . i got charged full price , the guy behind me had a footlong loaded with meat & cheese and his was less than mine . i questioned the owner he said `` we do n't have to follow the other subways , we have a meat sub special . '' i then remembered i was in the same place months ago and ordered the daily special for friday , he charged full price then too ! he had same response then as well . save your money , they are rude , they do n't represent subway in a good light . according to him they do n't have to .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i frequent this location often now that the business is run by someone who is doing a lot to win back customers . the food is fresh , and team members are very friendly . i enjoy going here to order my platters for board meetings and my kids like the meatball subs . : ) i 'm glad i do n't have to drive to a different location when i want subway . very satisfied ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never written a review for a subway but i had to since the yelp reviews does n't do justice for the level of service i received here . the staffs here are personable and i have never been treated better at a subway .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great friendly service ! this place set the bar high for the other subways in town and the manager ( jason ) is so friendly . we need more like this !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i 'm not super big into frozen yogurt , but i do find it refreshing at times . likes : -everything is organic -gmo free -the fruit toppings are very fresh and none of that frozen garbage . the lychees and kiwi 's were so fresh and absolutely delicious . -free samples . dislikes : -it 's a bit more expensive than yoyo 's at $ 0.65 oz vs. $ 0.55 oz . while that does n't seem like much , if you buy 10 oz , it 's a $ 1.00 difference . however , you get what you paid for . verdict : good fro-yo place while you do your shopping in square one .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i needed dessert after eating at the food court and came across qoola . i really like this fro-yo place ! the girl serving us was very sweet and patient as we debated which flavour to get . ended up getting the mango sorbet which was super delicious ! the server gave us each a small card and told us if we guessed the price of our cup correctly , we 'd get our fro-yo for free . we were both way off but did n't mind paying $ 7 for our yummy treat . she also told us on tuesdays between 12-2 , its fill your cup for $ 2 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally a self-serve frozen yogurt bar at square one ! i got excited when i saw their green tea flavour . i had a sample , but unfortunately , it tastes nothing like green tea ice cream . i walked out with some mango-flavoured frozen yogurt topped with fresh blueberries , pineapple and mango bits , along with crushed almond roca . mmm ... and as always , i added a couple sour keys , too . the mango flavour was not too sweet . the fruits were very fresh , and there was a large variety of toppings - fruity , chocolatey , and nutty . i noticed they serve yogurt smoothies as well . besides the name , location , and the fact that both qoola and yogurty 's are canadian companies that use farm-fresh canadian milk , i am not sure if there is a big difference between these two frozen yogurt bars . ( menchie 's , on the other hand , is american . )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cashier : that 'll be $ 6.19 , please . me ( thinking ) : but this cup is only half-full and i did n't go crazy at the toppings bar . and ca n't i buy an entire litre of ice cream for the same price at the grocery store ? ? ok , these fro-yo places are incredibly terrible value . i admit that as someone who watches her wallet carefully . however , i rarely buy full quarts of ice cream or go out for ice cream gelato , so i consider it as an occasional treat . plus , as per mentioned , the ingredients are posted and the frozen yogurt is actually made of - get this - frozen yogurt , not a bunch of chemicals , including propylene glycol ... which i accidentally saw on one of their competitor 's ingredients . so aside from the price , i have nothing to complain about ! will look up whether or not they have some kinda loyalty program tho ' . ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was so excited to see this place pop up on square one . it seems like frozen yogurt places were all the rage in the us , while we patiently waited for something other than yogan fruz ( ? ) the flavors available were all pretty basic - nothing crazy . i 'd love to see them introduce seasonal flavors like pumpkin spice in the fall ( which they probably will come to think of it ! ) . the ingredients are all listed and there 's nothing sketchy to be found . always a win in my books . the toppings bar was pretty extensive with beautiful looking fresh fruit , various chocolate goodies , candies , etc . the prices are a little crazy . it was about $ 14 for me and my fianc\u00e9 and neither of us went crazy with the yogurt or the toppings , but you get what you pay for ! overall , i 'd return but not frequently . i 'm an ice cream lover at heart so that will always be my preferable choice ! i do look forward to seeing some seasonal flavors though ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "1 ) yogurt quality is good 2 ) over priced by large gap vs pinkberry 3 ) flavor selection is bad 4 ) i think they get flavor they like vs . bringing flavours their customers like . tips : bring red valvet , sour apple , strawberry , regular mango etc ... their green tea flavor is horrible customer service is good tho", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am a huge fan of self-serve frozen yogurt places and i am so happy to have one in square 1 . like other reviewers have mentioned , their yogurt is organic , gmo-free , and made from canadian milk - what 's not to love ? on any given day , they offer 10 ( i think ) frozen yogurt flavours , which includes no-sugar-added options , and probably 40 different toppings ( candy , fruit , mochi , nuts , sauces , etc . ) my mix of the day included the matcha green tea froyo topped with mini mochi , cheesecake , and pirouline wafers . the matcha flavour was quite mild , but present and pleasant . the storefront is clean , bright , and super cute . the people are super friendly and welcoming . they are proactive in offering to let you sample any of the yogurts and helping you with toppings . i will definitely be back whenever i find myself at the mall ... and maybe other times as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love that it 's located inside of square one , but i think it 's a bit more expensive because of that as well . froyo here is good . it 's got all the toppings i usually go for ( sprinkles , boba , cherries ) . there 's not much options in toppings compared to some other places , but it 's got the basic toppings you 'd expect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's takes a lot out of me to give a 5 star review ! was strolling around sq1 and decided i needed a snack , and stumbled upon this place as it looked brand new..as i walked in i was greeted with a smile , and i looked slightly confused ..i got offered to try a sample of anything i wanted ! i 'm not one of those frozen yogurt connoisseurs but wow , it 's been nearly a month and a half and i 'm still craving what i had ny strawberry cheese cake..with real cheese cake chunks , fresh sweet strawberries..anything else you could imagine ! and those passion fruit jelly balls ! omg..wish i could buy a bucket of those to bring home ! i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the only place i 'm getting my froyo from now on mainly because it 's gmo free and organic . it was my first time going today , and when my sister & i walked in we were automatically greeted by a friendly employee , she asked if we 've ever been here before and to not hesitate to ask for samples . my sister and i both got cheesecake which was the best one there and vanilla . the topping counter was clean and all the fruit looked very fresh . i was n't concerned about the cost as it 's good quality froyo . will definitely be back throughout the summer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not even convinced that this place is a legitimate business . they do n't return phone calls or text messages . its impossible to get ahold of them . i tried to contact them on two different phone numbers and i am not able to get through to anyone as the voice mail inbox is always full .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sketchy . in an office building . i think they only have one room ? honesty very sketchy . did n't feel comfortable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i attempted to get thru on the phone for 2 weeks . no answer or voice mail with no return call or nothing at all ( voice mailbox full ) no way to schedule on facebook like suggested by strange message on their machine . how do these people stay in business ? worst customer interface experience ever . stay away ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i gave cloud nine a try , and dominic was my massage therapist . i say therapy , because he worked on a sports injury that i had been in treatment for for over four months . after one 90 minute massage , i was over 50 % better . i booked again , and was completely back to my normal tennis play after 2 more massages . he gives a wonderful relaxing massage , and now i would n't consider going to anyone else . 60 or 90 minutes , whatever you prefer . he is excellent , and seems well educated in his field . i can highly recommend him . i have not tried the others in this practice , but i would n't hesitate to try them if dominic was n't available .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is literally unreal . their voice message says reach us by phone , text , or facebook . i left four voicemails , five texts , and guess what ... they do n't even have a facebook ? after not being able to reach them to make an appointment for over a week , i decided to stop by the office . the doors were unlocked , i walked right in , walked back to all of the massage rooms and shouted `` hello ? '' but no one was there . everything just unlocked but no one to help you . i sat in the lobby for about half an hour and never saw anyone . absolutely astounded that this is even a business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we were told there is a forty minute wait ... .looked inside and the place was close to empty ... .took off like a rocket ! ! ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "placing the order was a breeze and did n't expect the prices to be as high as they were . the original burger and large fries and a kids size milkshake was $ 16.00 . the burger was `` ok '' . it was smothered in mustard and pickles , onions etc . it was tasty but not worth the price . i thought the fries would be like shoestring fries but they were not . i ordered the `` large '' size and expected there to be more . the small size must be really small . i think the restaurant is a nice touch at kennywood . it was nice to sit in air conditioning and use a restroom that did n't smell like a gym locker room or was hot . the service was good and there was plenty of seating . the food was ok - but doubt i would be back the prices are just too above average for me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if i could rate it lower than one star i would . poor service , been waiting an hour for burgers . when we questioned the waitress regarding the wait for food she replied , the kitchen is n't equipped to handle this many people . it would be a nice location to open a freaking restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "avoid this place . it is not the johnny rockets you love . never mind that the prices are double to triple normal . your jr makes cheese fries from cheese . this place pours on processed slime food product . this place advertises chili fries , but does n't have any . no hot dogs . no refills . at your jr , servers have esprit . maybe even dance or sing . not here . and , slow , even during light periods . and expensive . try $ 12 for a burger , $ 3.89 for one cup of soda , and $ 7 for a milkshake . i went here because i thought they 'd sell me something worth buying . not this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow - what a difference a year makes . gone is the table service , not to mention the free drink refills . all self-serve and grossly overpriced fare . extremely disappointed as a dining gem in the park has been reduced to an expensive , yet forgettable experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we came in here for a good late night meal . but they were so slow getting us seated and serving food . we waited a total of 1.5 hours to get seated and another 1.5 to get our food . waiters are so worried about their cellphones and each other . they just gather around and talk . they do not care at all if the food is being served or not . despite many waiters sitting around , foods are not being served . horrible place to dine at ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible ! 10 employees working ; just standing around not doing anything . not too many guest in the restaurant and yet barely any tables were cleaned off despite the employees clearly standing around doing nothing . then when our food was delivered to our table , the girl just dropped the bag on the table and walked away . she was very miserable looking walking around with a scowl on her face . i will not ever spend my money here again . this place needs some oversight to ensure the employees that are being paid to work are actually working .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the new line system stinks . the wait is horrible . fifty dollars for 3 hamburger meals . stop at mcdonald 's instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "$ 3.89 for a pop and no refills is ridiculous . the food is extremely overpriced for what you get . my opinion , do n't waste your time or money here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "visited kennywood for the first time with friends who live in pittsburgh . went to johnny rockets for lunch . the service was great ! the sever recommended a delicious burger , route 66 highly recommend that now as well . next time i visit , i will definitely go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok went here with my daughter . was asked how many in my party and told the girl 2 . she proceeded to say the wait would be at least 30 min for a table . looking around i could see at least 15 empty tables . i asked why and all she could say was that is what they are telling everyone . needless to say we went elsewhere in the park to eat .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "how can you do this ? terrible is an understatement . no more table service . no refills on drinks or fries . no service ! ! we wo n't be back ! ! enter a que . place order . sit down and wait for minimally interactive staff to bring food in a paper bag ! when we got our order me and my wife felt like they wanted us to take our food and leave ! really ? ? talk about cutting corners ! overpriced is also an understatement . charge me over 3 $ for a drink and then avoid coming around to offer a refill . really ? ? fountain soda is pennies in cost and that type service goes a long way . at this rate you might as well close and allow another cafeteria type product to be there ! we wo n't be back unless this changes", "score": "1"}
{"review": "management in this location should be absolutely ashamed of themselves . a saturday night in an amusement park , barely half of the tables had occupants , 20+ people waiting at the door and people that were alone wanting a quick bite were n't allowed to sit at the counter ( empty counter mind you ) . take some pride in your establishment , fill the restaurant and prove to your patrons you belong in a theme park that serves thousands of people every day .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very busy place but very nice server ! yummy burgers and delicious milkshakes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was nice to sit in an air conditioned space and relax a little on a long day at the park , but $ 3.79 for a pop with no refill ( after we had already bought the refillable souvenir cup at another park spot ) and a 20+ minute wait means we wo n't be back here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this johnny rockets has an intriguing intro as an old time fashion place . as i got to see the interior , it brought me back to civil times . racism and misfortune infest the restaurants as i will never come back here again . the coffee tastes like boiling water thrown into a river and shit out by a frog . the only positive about this place is the jukebox . now that thing is litty . if you want a quit eat , i still do n't recommend this place . that 's all and please notice these thing the next time you come here , it gives me the chills . 1 star .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not a great experience , but foo was good . a very slow wednesday night , took about an hour to get food . not once before , during , or after our meal did the waitress stop by to check on us . i finally stopped her as she was dropping food at another table and asked for drinks when she brought the check . we were all very thirsty after eating cheeseburgers . twenty minutes later she brought the check , no drinks . we were all disappointed and the manager waved goodbye , even though the whole group was obviously unhappy about our experience . i later saw the waitress walking and she gave me a nasty look , even though i left her a 10 % tip , which she did not earn .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the last johnny rockets i was at i was n't impressed at all , but this one , in an amusement park no less , was a very nice surprise . the food at this jr was way better the last one i was at . the burgers were cooked well and stacked high , the fries were hot , and the salad was huge and fresh . the service was very good , with a young waitress that had to deal with the shenanigans from our table - she handled it well . and the place was super clean , surprising . onside ring it 's smack dab in the middle of the park . as far as dessert is concerned we did n't have desert or shakes , but fro the looks of those around us who did order , they appeared very tempting . sometimes you have try a different location for a chain to get a true feel for how good it could be .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "waited at least 45 minutes for terrible overpriced food . my son 's hamburger was actually bloody . never again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the milk shakes here . chocolate peanut butter is my favorite , but other flavors are good , too . other items are mediocre at best . and it takes forever for the food to arrive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there are n't a lot of food choices at kennywood park , so we went to johnny rockets . they never asked what we wanted on our burgers , so i thought maybe i could put my own toppings on . but no -- the burgers came with yellow mustard , relish , pickles , onions and mayonnaise ! i do n't know too many people who like mayo on burgers . but maybe we would n't be so disgusted if we did n't have to wait 10 minutes for cold burgers . my cousin 's burger was also hard ! never again will i eat at any johnny rockets location . and kennywood , take note : you should have better food choices .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "gets the job done . good shakes , alright burgers , and awesome building in an old carousel building that is over a hundred years old . bravo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place always has a long wait . every time i go , it is completely empty and i have an hour wait . the firs year it was good but then they cut the menu in more than half . it went from 20 options to 6 options . this place barely deserves two stars .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a terrible excuse for a johnny rocket 's . this example has more in common with burger king than it does with other johnny rocket 's . expect soggy fries , a tasteless burger , and ridiculous prices . i do not know how this franchise meets johnny rocket 's corporate standards .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give 0 stars i would ! it took an hour to get our food , and all we had was a chili dog , a kids hamburger meal , and a cheeseburger ! the wait was made even more unpleasant by the same 4 songs playing over and over . oh ... and the place was only half full ! i kind of expected an $ 8 hot dog to be delicious but the food is bland and lukewarm . service is dismal . overall experience is awful . do n't go here . the potato patch is 10 times better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not impressed at all . restaurant is dirty . burgers are frozen patties . french fries tasted like plain frozen fries . did n't have the milk shake , maybe that is what redeems this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the johnny rockets inside of kennywood . there is a line that you have to wait in , place your order , and then they give you a number to take to your seat . someone comes around and drops off your food drinks , and takes the number . this place is constantly busy , but being one of maybe 2 or 3 inside restaurants that kennywood has , it 's no surprise . the food is very overpriced for what you get , though . i did n't think what we got was worth what we paid . it 's also very dirty , considering 95 % of the staff work behind the counter . tables do n't get wiped off in a timely manner , so you are either waiting for a clean table , or cleaning one off yourself .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we thought it would be exciting , from all the hype of johnny rockets being inside our favorite amusement park . we thought wrong . extremely long wait to sit down even though it had many empty tables . we hardly had any service of any kind , for quite a while . drinks in about 45 minutes ( which was water for a few of us ) . orders wrong if you got it at all ! frozen foot longs . burgers-great taste . which is why i give 1 star ! bills all confused . server and manager discussed in length what to do . comped our bill since it was such a mess , only to try to make the people with us pay for it ! do n't waste your time people ! stick with kennywood classics , like potato patch !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it was horrible when they first opened ( took well over an hour to get our food ) , but this year they significantly decreased the menu and cut down the wait time quite a bit . some of my favorite things from normal johnny rockets are gone , but if you just want air conditioning and a basic burger , fries , or shake , they 're much better than they were before .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was n't expecting to sit down for a real meal at kennywood . i 'd been to other rocket locations before and knew the food was good so i said `` what the hell ? '' and i went for it . the service was slow and they did these dumb dance routines while i waited for my food and others waited to be seated . it was good food , meh service that was slow . there was a 45 minute wait for some people and so many open tables ! the review is getting a 3 cause of the sauce that comes with that smokehouse burger- the sauce is a must on any burger you get !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went here because it was new . it looks nice inside and they have a lot of food to choose from . it 's really expensive for what you get . i got my milkshake which was small and really good . i got my burger and fries and the waiter came out and drew a smiley face with ketchup : ) my cheeseburger was ok , but i have had way better for the price . for the price they charge it should be top notch burgers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if dining at johnny rockets is supposed to be fun , this was far from it . an overpriced menu with lackluster food combined with clueless employees sets you up for an experience that you might consider skipping . considering the restaurant was less than half full , waiting for 30+ minutes for a few burgers , a salad and chili bowl seemed a little long . i ordered the chicken club salad . although plentiful in size , it definitely lacked in the toppings department . chicken was advertised in their menu as thick slices , but instead i received morsel sized pieces of chicken . hey , at least i did n't need to slice it up , right ? my buddy ordered a chocolate milkshake which i tasted and found to be very thick and delicious . long story short , skip this place the next time you 're at kennywood and opt for a couple orders of potato patch fries .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is an inside the park restaurant in kennywood , we ordered at the counter and took a seat at our tables with a number on a stand they gave us . they brought the drinks over pretty quickly and the food came soon after . they bring to food in bags and you have to sort out whose is whose . it was good for family dining with a bunch of little kids . some of these reviewers sound like they expect an emeril lagasse type experience . we got exactly what we expected , friendly , fun , clean and well run . just a few items on the simple menu , probably that helps keep the orders coming out smoothly . the food was good , sort of a food court quality , it 's what we expected . pricey for what we got , but again , inside kennywood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "now and zen was recommended in a vegas trip report i had read . booking a mobile massage had never crossed my mind before , especially whilst on holiday but i was intrigued . i had a look at the website and the prices were very reasonable and after exchanging a few emails with the lovely ariana i booked a couple 's massage and david from hands in motion was the other therapist who did my partners massage . we were very pleased with our massages and immediately rebooked for the end of our trip in vegas . i highly recommend ariana and david for such a relaxing and professional experience . the lack of recent reviews for this business made me a bit wary but i 'm glad i went ahead anyway . so if you are considering booking a massage , just do it . you wo n't regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used a groupon for a 2-hour massage with ari . it was great ! the room was cute and comfortable , the bed was better than your average massage bed ( had ability to be adjusted in a bunch of ways ) , she had a bunch of scent options , and i even got to choose 3 `` extras '' ( i chose scalp massage , face massage , and foot scrub ) . you can tell she cares very much about your individual preferences and making sure you are perfectly happy . i like a soft touch , and she was great about that ; i never had to correct her to be softer which i normally have to do with other therapists .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "now & zen is an amazing business . arianna was able to provide a great therapeutic massage , that helped get rid of achy muscles . she came to my hotel room , which also made it convenient . her rates are competitive too ! if you 're a traveller ( or local ) , use now & zen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took the mrs. out to vegas for a valentines weekend . rather than going to any of the huge and extremely expensive spas at the big resorts , and not being able to hang with the wife , i thought i 'd try to get some in room massages from ariana . she brought her partner , who she speaks highly of , and my wife and i were more than impressed . we got bang for the buck , ultra relaxing , in our own comfortable environment . not rushed in and out of spa , got to hang together . it was amazing . ariana and david are on our list of must-do 's every time we 're in vegas . thanks so much ariana and david , we were more than pleased and i highly recommend for stress , relaxation , loosening up , etc . we just booked another appointment for our next trip out . ca n't wait to see her again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not recommend ari enough ! i just left her new location and while i miss her being mobile , her studio is so cute and completely relaxing ! i have never had a bad or even average service from ari ! everything is always wonderful ! client for life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if only i could fly into vegas every weekend - i would just to get a massage from ari . i stayed at planet hollywood and made an appointment for an in-room massage . she was professional and so sweet . i got a massage , salt scrub and scalp conditioner massage . all i can say is that i was sooooooo relaxed for the next few days - until i flew back home . the words that come to mind are amazing , relaxing , zen , fantastic , de-stressed and the list goes on . whenever i fly into vegas , i will be making an appointment ! i did try to get her to move to california .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my second massage by ariana today - once again - a great massage . ariana provides a little slice of heaven from her amazingly decorated room complete with with relaxing music , to her unforgettable massages ! i have had many massages over the years , but ariana is by far , the best massage therapist i have ever had . right now i am so relaxed , the rest of my day will be just that ... .. relaxing ! ! ! ! thank you once again , ariana . see you in june .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ariana was amazing ! i scheduled a 2 hour massage , which included hot stones , and a foot scrub . i 've had many massages and i 'm so happy to have found ariana ! she truly cared to make sure i was comfortable regarding pressure , and room temperature . i will definitely be back to see her and will be referring her : ) . thanks ariana for a wonderful massage and making me so relaxed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very tired and sore from a flight a long cross country flight i really had high hopes for this massage ! ! from the moment she showed up , on time , i could tell i was in good hands . she was clean and professional and seemed like she was as excited to be there as i was ! ! the massage was great . just as advertised . i was very relaxing and i felt great when i go off the table : ) . i will definitely be a repeat customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ariana is always amazing . i kept discovering that i was drooling . that is how good she is . i was force myself to stop and before i realized it , i was drooling again . she is so amazing . if you have never had her work on you , you do n't know what you are missing . believe me , i have had a lot of massages and she is one of the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ariana gave me the best massage i have ever had ! it was so relaxing and yet very effective . she made sure that i was always comfortable , not too warm and not too less or too much pressure . i have had a lot of massages trying to find someone who is just amazing , and i finally have . i was so relaxed at one point i was practically falling asleep ! check her out if you are looking for professionalism and perfection rolled in to one awesome massage therapist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ari was a very pleasant find . i 've been searching for a awesome masseuse who listens and delivers . i 'm proud to say that i have found the right care giver . i 'm looking forward to my next visit to enter into pure zen ! thanks ari for being professional and extremely talented .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "now and zen is the best ! ariana is very professional . she is knowledgeable about various diseases disorders that cause pain abd she knows exactly how to make you feel better ! i would recommend her to all my friends . i wo n't go to anyone else . she just makes you feel wonderful and relaxed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ari is the absolute best . her massages are wonderful and i wish i could go to her everyday . i always leave feeling completely rejuvenated .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously the best massage i 've ever had ! ariana and david are so caring and skilled ! the pressure was perfect , the scents were great , the ambiance was fantastic ! all in the comfort of our hotel room . if you need ( want ) a massage this is definitely the place to get it from !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ariana is one of the best lmts in vegas ! i added in some extras ( green tea facial , deep oil scalp massage , and foot scrub ) and was so relaxed i almost fell asleep . the massage and treatments were exceptional and i will return on a regular basis !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ariana has a method of massage that is so ultra relaxing that i find myself drifting off during the therapy . no pain involved and the results last for weeks . book early because the appointment slots go early ! i love the add-ons that are available as well . the back scrub feels fantastic , and the hot stones and extra attention foot massage are the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hired 4 therapists to give the staff at my office chair massages . they were awesome . prompt , courteous , and gave my staff an excellent experience . would highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the end of the world package which ended up being a 3.5 to 4 hour amazing experience . it would be hard to pick out the best part of the experience , but what was so different than other treatments i have had was the table - it manipulated into so many comfortable positions . so much better than a flat table .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "she never showed up for the appointment ... i called a couple of times . i even bought a yelp deal and never got to use it ... booo", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i booked ariana for an in-home massage and scalp treatment . i love the spas but not the prices , and figured i 'd give this a shot . in short , it was amazing . ariana is very professional and well prepared , she set up in no time flat and i was on the table within ten minutes of her arrival . the massage itself was excellent . the scalp treatment was also amazing . i feel like i got a lot of value for what was spent and would recommend her services to anyone that wants to try an in-home massage . it was really , really great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "airpark auto detailing was recommended to me and i could n't be happier with the service , price and customer appreciation . vern , the owner is extremely nice and my car looks amazing ! i will definitely refer my friends and family . the cost was reasonable and the results outstanding . thanks , vern !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here a couple times for a car wash. fair prices , good work . pretty much streak and swirl free on my black car . will have to give them a try on a full detail sometime .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they do an awesome job . brought my black vehicle to them to buff out and detail the exterior . the car when done looked just like a brand new vehicle that i drove off the lot . vern the owner was very friendly and very professional . i highly recommend their services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super pleased with my first time using airpark auto detailing . fantastic job on my jeep , it has n't gleamed like this in a decade . and since they share a space with the rayco service shop , walked 10 feet to the counter and arranged for an oil change and tire rotation same day . one-stop-shopping for me , very convenient !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "did a detail there , they did a good , but not oustanding job , but for a reasonable price ( like $ 150 ) . tons better than danny 's would ever do ! i 've had other , better , details in the area , but they were closer to $ 250 ... so comparing the quality of the work versus the price , airpark was a good very good value .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here yesterday ( 8 1 11 ) after i saw all the markdown signs while driving around with my friend jerry j. in the wee hours of the morning . i came prepared with a list of books i 've had my eyes on thanks to my amazon list . i do n't care if it 's a sale or not , if i can get it cheaper on amazon , that 's where i 'm heading . unfortunately , this place was mega picked over , it was messy and their prices were n't very good . they were still about $ 5 higher , after their markdowns , than amazon ... which is why they 're going out of business . the only reason this is getting 2 stars rather than 1 is because , by chance , i found 1080 recipes by simone and ines ortega for $ 8.64 ( after tax ) when the book is usually $ 45.00 . score !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "each borders is . . . well , a borders . they offer a generally well-stocked selection and do a nice job offering a space for local writers to read meet customers . vegas does n't really celebrate its writers so its nice when a vegas bookstore does . that said , the overall selection at borders is n't particularly interesting and their choices for `` good reads '' are pretty generic books of the moment with very little input from the store 's staff on what they think is good and why . so 2 stars for the business with an extra star for writer support .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "although i did n't go here myself , i am pleased to announce that my book-returning saga is now over . irritated and worn out from unsuccessfully trying to exchange my christmas present from my sister at the long beach and cerritos borders locations , i handed the book and the receipt to my sister when i got into vegas the weekend before last , wishing her good luck . and as luck should have it , when i returned back to her house after taking my niece shopping , my sister handed me a copy of `` a lifetime of secrets '' with a cheery , `` merry christmas ! '' amazingly , she had been able to return the other book and exchange it for the volume that i did n't already have . finally , a borders that could do one thing right ! as an extra added bonus , when i was snug in my apartment a few nights later reading my new book , i found a bonus secret that someone had left in the copy she gave me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this borders closes very early compared to other stores and is always low on stock . you can never find anybody to help you find something , but the line is short and the clearance section is nice . the bathrooms are so-so . the music selection is great and so are the dvds .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this borders seems to have what i 'm looking for when the barnes and nobles next door does not . however , i like the coffee shop at barnes and nobles better due to the reliable service . the seattle 's best staff are very hit or miss . one time they are there and helpful and then they are in the back and ignore the counter . also , the seating near the coffee shop has a cold vibe to it . the rest of the store is decent , if a little cramped feeling .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to love going to borders not only because of the superb book selection , but also because they had a fine selection of fair-priced music and obscure movies , including criterion collection titles . so why did this store stop carrying music and movies ! ? as a henderson resident this is the only borders that is even remotely close to my house . half the reason i go to the store no longer exists . the only movies and music the store carries now are the occasional new release reissue . and why do they insist on moving everything in the store around every few months ? this makes visits to the store extremely confusing and longer than they need to be . go the extra few miles to the town square location , since they still carry most of the music movie stuff ( at least they did last time i was there . )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this review is for the cookbook section only . i stopped here today to kill time before attending a uye on this side of town . i really enjoy cooking and reading about food , so i spent the vast majority of my time in the cookbook section . i was impressed with the number and variety of cookbooks they had . there were three cookbooks in particular that i had recently looked for at another borders and a barnes & noble near my house . neither store had what i was looking for . however , this store had two out of the three : momofuku and james beard 's american cookery . they did n't have the third , invitation to indian cooking , but they did have a couple of other cookbooks by madhur jaffrey . also , they had julia child 's my life in france on sale for $ 3.99 . i ca n't speak for the rest of the store , but this location of borders has one of the best cookbook sections i 've found in las vegas henderson .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to enjoy the store because they had the best newsstand in the area . i do n't know what happened but that is no longer the case . there are a lot of empty spaces and the magazines that are there are out of order . the newsstand is practically unshoppable . it 's sad when i can go across the street to target and get a better selection and more up to date selection of magazines . in addition to the poor state of the newsstand they no longer carry music and dvds . it is also difficult to locate new book releases . you are better off going around the corner to barnes & noble .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the newsstand had everything i was looking for and it was n't hard to find . the coffee shop in here was n't bad . i had a strawberry kula and it was very good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "checkin out their `` going out of business sale . '' it 's kind of messy in here ... .eek ! however , this is the most people i 've seen in borders at one time -- that 's pretty depressing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these guys are the absolute best at what they do . i purchased new wood look-like tile for my home to replace a tile that was previously installed . the demolition was so quick and the installation of the new tiles was absolutely flawless . each tile was meticulously leveled and spaced ... no flaws at all ! tile cuts around doorways , corners and moldings are tight and precise . having previously gone through this process a few other times with other companies , i know what a great installation looks like ... and this is it ! ca n't tell you how pleased i am with my experience with impressions tile & marble . impressions tile & marble is a first-class company that does first-class work and delivers high quality and value services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my third project using impressions tile & marble was completed last month : granite countertops in my kitchen and bath . as with my prior projects , the price was very competitive ( in this case 30 % less than my quote from lowes ) and the workmanship was excellent ! the great deal i got was in part because i selected my granite from their backlot surplus , which is worth a look see because i , at least , found exactly what i was looking for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you john barrett for being the only contractor tile installer , out of many i called , to respond and do the repair job so quickly and efficiently . thank you to greg ordaz for doing the repair even though i know you are overqualified for such a small job . you still treated it as if it were a major installation and took your time to make sure it was perfect ! that is such a rarity these days , especially in las vegas . i am in the design business and finding quality people like this to do the labor after extensive time picking out your design choices is crucial to the final outcome . i highly recommend this company . class act !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys were excellent ! i had them help me design and remodel my master bathroom . fred even went shopping with me to pick out material ! they replaced the old tile with white marble on the walls and floor . they also created a custom shower pan with a built in seat . both , my bathroom countertops and entire kitchen , were also replaced with granite . for my kitchen , i chose glass mosaic backsplash and porcelain tile , 1ft x 2ft , for the floor . i would definitely use them again for another project or recommend them to a friend . very easy to communicate with and always showed up on time", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hmm.. seeing all the reviews on so-called dive bars in phoenix made me remember kay 's place -- the diviest of all dive bars i 've ever entered . as in , 'wow , i might die tonight . ' seriously . it 's next to something that resembles a scrap metal yard . i used to come here with one of my old friends who loved dive bars . and she loved kay 's because the drinks were dirt cheap and you could karaoke with people ranging from the drunk homeless man to the guy who fried his brain on too much acid and drooled a little bit as he sang.. i 'm not kidding . i finally convinced her to quit coming after we witnessed what looked like a knife fight , spilling out of the doors as we can in one night . i 'm giving it two stars -- one for being there and the second for being , honestly , the most 'authentic ' dive bar experience i never want to experience again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "impressed for a dive bar ! seems like kay 's is under new ownership as they have painted and cleaned up the place since the last time i stopped in . there are even a few new televisions ... also if you like karaoke , the friday night host did a great job !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like 'dive bars ' - there i said it . it may be a reflection of my early years when my sainted father was a bartender in some of the bast parts of chicago , but i kinda like this local dive . so , ladies , this is not a place you might want to go to alone , bring a friend , or three . drinks are cheap , people are very interesting , service was fast and the pool tables were n't too shabby at all . i have never had an issue with violence , real or imaginary , but i have only been here a few times in the recent past .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i stopped in one night cuz i am new to mesa and wanted to make friends . i have n't hardly missed a night since ! the bar is great , friendly , nobody jacking you . what more could i ask for ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was a nightmare in 2008 when i visited before , but the joint has new management who have worked hard to clean up the bar and the clientele . the bathrooms have been recently renovated ; and the rest of the bar is now consistently clean . great spot for happy hour due to friendly service and dirt-cheap drinks . lack of an established kitchen means no standing menu , but i hear they are working on getting food delivered or in-house .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome place with very friendly staff and locals that made me feel right at home . i was here for karaoke night and managed to get quite a few songs in - great selection of tracks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i love this place . ever one is friendly and just here to have a good time.the staff is fun and very friendly . love the saturday keyroke", "score": "5"}
{"review": "get place to hang out on sunday morning . the staff was super friendly and the bloody marys were delicious", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . it 's been updated by the new owners and is bright and cheerful . tina was efficient , i was in and out in under 45 minutes which is fast . no waiting . loved the massage chair too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great nail salon . great service , no waiting . competitive pricing . will become my new nail salon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and friendly staff who take pride in the work they do and where they work . it 's obvious that family who owns uyvu are invested in their shop as they have been working very hard to make it look beautiful , unique and clean !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got to taste their chocolate at a yelp event ! it was a fun and informative experience and i am super excited about this company ! i was impressed with the global samples i was able to try and loved the take home caramels and scribble !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found them at a stand at a farmers ' market in old town scottsdale . i asked if they had anything with toffee and the gentleman gave me a sample . it was delicious ! just the right ratio of dark chocolate and toffee with thinly sliced roasted almonds to top it off . could n't resist buying . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have n't been to the store so this is just the review of the product i purchased when i was at the gilbert farmers market . the man working was very nice and helpful and let me sample many items before choosing something . i finally decided on the toffee and the pecan bacon scribbles . the flavor is indescribable but both items were delicious . the toffee was the best i have ever had . we will definitely be purchasing more things here . i have if 4 stars because it cost me $ 10 for two little tiny pouches of food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for the first time in ages i felt like turning into gordon ramsey over ( a ) the way too extensive menu , ( b ) the execrable `` salad bar '' that is an insult to salad bars everywhere , ( c ) the silliest plates i have ever seen in a restaurant ( basically a small bowl with a wide brim which makes cutting anything well-nigh impossible ) , ( d ) the half burnt half raw and cold salmon `` steak '' i was served with ( e ) a way overly drenched pasta that tasted like nothing but acidic tomatoes and last but not least ( f ) the too loud music that made conversation difficult at best . no wonder they were giving away coupons to the place on the boardwalk . never going back ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "en r\u00e9sum\u00e9 : mauvais service , mauvaise nourriture . \u00e0 \u00e9viter ( il y a de bien meilleures alternatives toutes proches ) . nous y sommes all\u00e9s pour le souper avec les enfants - le menu pour enfants est affich\u00e9 sur le napperon \u00e0 7.99 $ avec breuvage et dessert . toutefois , une fois les commandes pass\u00e9es , voyant que les enfants ne recevaient pas de breuvages , la serveuse nous apprend que le menu pour enfant \u00e0 \u00e9t\u00e9 change 'cet \u00e9t\u00e9 ' ( nous sommes maintenant en septembre ) , et que le breuvage est maintenant .99 $ , le dessert 1.99 $ ... un peu tard pour nous en aviser ! on demande \u00e0 voir le g\u00e9rant ( je pense que c'est le proprio qui vient ) -- il ne trouve qu'\u00e0 hausser les \u00e9paules ... malheureusement , la qualit\u00e9 de la nourriture n'a pas du tout compens\u00e9 pour cette d\u00e9ception- trop froid , cuisson imparfaite , portion in\u00e9gales ... bref , ceci fut notre derni\u00e8re visite . on aurait d\u00fb regarder les avis yelp avant d'y aller , \u00e7a nous apprendra ! ; )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "je ne sais pas pourquoi il est impossible de trouver une bonne place sur la promenade de st. anne de bellevue . il doit y avoir 15 restaurants et bars face \u00e0 l'eau mais tout ceux que j'ai essay\u00e9s sont m\u00e9diocres . c'est le cas de klondike . bien situ\u00e9 sur le bord l'eau , avec un int\u00e9rieur pas trop mal . il y avait m\u00eame la bi\u00e8re cobra que j'ai essay\u00e9e pour la premi\u00e8re fois , pas mal . mais la bouffe ! vraiment pas . nous sommes all\u00e9s pour des nachos et ailes de poulet , un beau dimanche apr\u00e8s-midi . les chips \u00e9taient vielles . les nachos \u00e9taient servis dans un bol \u00e9troit , chips dans le fond et fromage sur le dessus . donc seulement quelques chips avaient du fromage . le reste \u00e9tait sec . de plus je jurerais que c'\u00e9tait de la sauce tomate italienne et non de la salsa mexicaine . les ailes de poulet , un peu perdues dans une grade assiette sont venues avec la sauce \u00e0 c\u00f4t\u00e9 , sauce bbq , pas d'autre choix , et rien d'autre . le service : moche .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sorry folks , but it was the worst steak i have ever had ( and i 'm 60 ! ! ) ... pretty good service and menu but i guess i chose the wrong steak.i told the waiter when he asked how my meal was that is was not a good steak he simply shrugged his shoulders . next time i will be walking past this place !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "showed up with reservations and a small group . waiter was totally confused . actually deposited a plate in front of someone and came back to take it away and bring to another table . wow ! ! we had to ask for coffee and to pay . waiter started collecting without receipts . food was good ! manager nice , just our waiter . it did not seem to be his place waiting on people .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "malpropre et trop cher ! c'\u00e9tait ridicule ! pire restaurant que j'ai connue et je suis serveuse ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nous avons attendu 15 minutes pour notre facture . les v\u00e8rre etais salle et glace fondu alors qui met en doute combien de temp il etais sur place . les ordis ne marchaient pas on n'a meme pas \u00e9t\u00e9 d\u00e9sommag\u00e9 . au lieu les commande on etait mis \u00e9cris sur papier a main dechirer .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is okay . large menu with too many choices . nice terasse to eat on during the summer though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst ever , lunch menu includes soup , which was the most liquid cream of tomato soup , tasted ok . salad bar included salad greens old and wilted from last night the worst was the mold on the baguette , i returned the bread and they brought back cold ciabata ... . ordered from the lunch menu pasta which was half cold hot we returned it and asked for the chicken tortilla was n't bad but you had to look for the chicken . the comment from the server was i guess it was n't your day ... we will never go there again and never recommend it.u", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great food and great service . thank you darrell you made our experience fantastic order was fish and chips and the butcher burger which was awesome . the atmosphere was friendly as everyone from the staff greets you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "4 overly salty shrimps on frozen fries for $ 25 . mussles in a bad tomato sauce . this place takes advantage of ste-anne-de-bellevue summer traffic . needs a new chef and an owner who cares not to screw customers . the waiter was scared to ask his boss to intervene . i took customer there . it was my worse montreal meal in years .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "la nourriture \u00e9tait passable sans plus . le serveur a mis beaucoup de temps ( 10min ) avant de nous apporter nos bi\u00e8res et le menu n'\u00e9tait pas \u00e0 jours . les portions son parfois tr\u00e8s petite par rapport aux prix ( les brochettes ) . nous avons re\u00e7u notre caf\u00e9 dans des tasses toute t\u00e2ch\u00e9 et l'une d'entre elle avait m\u00eame du rouge \u00e0 l\u00e8vres . bref c\u00f4t\u00e9 propret\u00e9 tres d\u00e9\u00e7u .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tragically bad overpriced food . avoid avoid avoid . well known in ste anne 's that this place keeps switching owners and staff . go anywhere else on the boardwalk .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i will admit i used to work there so maybe i am a little biased but i love effy , nick and marie . the food is great and i have the love handles to prove it . great view and exceptional staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they may have great kronuts and donuts but do n't waste your time trying to order a large quantity by calling them directly . they will not help you they will tell you to order through grubhub or uber , when you click on order on their website it offers grubhub or seamless , i ordered 40 kronuts for pick up the next morning at 8 am . i did get a confirmation of my order but did not get a confirmation that al 's received the order so i called them and they did not know who seamless was but when he checked the computer he found it but could not fulfill the order . it was over $ 166 dollars they lost ! i will not use them again as they left me high and dry trying to find a large quantity for a client last minute . very poor business practice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "also donuts makes the best maple bacon cronut i have ever ate and kim is the sweetest most helpful employee i have ever met max is a really good worker to they are the best and the owner is a really nice man he definitely hired excellent employees even his cook is great everyone all ways comes and says hello every time i go in there but a big warning the maple bacon is very addictive", "score": "5"}
{"review": "order 3 kronuts through uber & realized it was a big mistake . the strawberry fields was so hard when i bit into it i did n't dare go into the other 2 . i 've had cronuts here before & they were delicious . i 'm not sure why they just put them in a box made for a dozen & did n't put them in the individual plastics like before ? ? but after this delivery i will never again . not a good way to wan na keep customers coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was sad to hear that brian had left crows nest in kensington market since it was so convenient to get to , but change is always good . after a couple of months of trying different barbers i felt something was still missing . nothing , and i mean nothing , compares to the way brian cuts hair . it 's not just the cut , it 's the way he listens and fully understands what i need every single time . he 's a stand-up guy with great people skills , and i love chatting with him while he works on my hair . the one-hour ttc ride to get to his new place is more than worth it . i wo n't go to anyone else , no matter how convenient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little shop ! the atmosphere is unpretentious and welcoming . mr. hurson does great work . well worth a trip to the end of the queen line .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brian is fantastic , end of story . if you want your hair cut properly , this is the spot . if you want a proper shave , here you go . beard trim , a pro look in no time . it 'd be awesome at twice the price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a classically wonderful little barbershop . night owl is the real deal when it comes to old school grooming - it 's street creed ca n't be denied . from their swell haircuts to their classic routine , this place is the real deal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "feliz de aver encontrado este lugar . muy recomendado . el cuidado al detalleces increible . finalmente encontre mi lugar favorito . i big", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a friend of mind recommended i drop by this place . i chose a random barber ( brian ) who i think happens to be the owner . i 've been here twice thus far . first , let 's talk about the people . brian is what every customer-focused person should be . really friendly , easy to talk to , laid back , and obviously a skilled barber . in fact , i feel everyone who works here shares the same sort of positive attitude & skillset . nothing but good vibes , these guys are fun to be around . the place itself is like taking a trip back in time ( in a good way ) . the price is more than right for the service . hot towels ? yes please .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every single time my so comes back from the shop he looks dashing & his style sharper than my eyeliner . i have booked him a couple appointments using the site online booking system , which is fast & efficient . he loves the hair products his barber recommends & has made this place his to-go spot ever since he discovered it last year . ca n't get enough of how great his hair looks & smells . there 's something about the old schooled cut & style that suits him & makes him look even more than the gentleman he already is . great job team night owls !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having had a rough time finding a barber shop with a conversation atmosphere since moving back to toronto , this place has a pulse and is very much alive and has a great old fashioned decor of all things manly and a laid back vibe right down to the chairs . i was enlightened to the magic that is a foil razor having been told they are weak and fail to shave close , alex my barber showed me otherwise . left my head liken to a baby 's butt . i also had a straight razor shave which was finished with some of the best smell after shave i 've ever used . happy to say i have a new barber . i highly recommend this spot and like how they allow for online scheduling vs first come first serve .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was cheeky and on the off chance did a walk-in about 1645 on a rainy thursday ... the guys were more than happy to fit me in and did a class cut i could n't be more happier with . i 've most definitely found my new barbers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lol tbh i know people like it here but honestly my first and last experience was pretty bad . i showed a picture to the guy ( vincent ) , he said he can do it like the picture i showed him . and he basically cut off all my hair . dont get me wrong hes a nice guy but gave me the total opposite of what i asked for . its just hair and it grows back but the man got me looking like an egg head ... .i hate when barbers tell me they can deliver but end up fckng the haircut up real bad . he kept cutting and cutting . went in wanting a simple haircut came out looking like a egg with some fuzzy shit on the top . sorry guys but i will not be coming back . i was nice enough as well because it was easter , but tbh i shouldnt have payed and gave 3 $ tip . got me messed up .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "brian has been my barber since just after he opened the nite owl . it has the old school vibe of the barber you and your father went to in your childhood . i love the haircut i get there . and the price is quite reasonable . you need to book online , they do n't have a phone . and they rarely take walk-ins due to them being so busy . so transport yourself back in history and get a hot shave , shoe shine or a fantastic timeless haircut . no matter if you are a child , a senior , a hipster or just want a sharp look they can take care of you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dave cut my 14 year olds hair today , asked for an old school flat top . a kool retro barbershop , not tacky , but and extension of the barber 's attitudes . the haircut was awesome and dave went and did the book test . took a three inch book and placed it on top of my sons haircut and it was perfectly flat and held the weight and all the barbers cheered and rand the barbershop bell ... . so kool . if u want a real guy experience and feel old world , get in here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time in ! everyone was super friendly and dr. nadkarni did a fantastic job . she was very informative and unlike other dentists who just tell you to floss she actually shows you the proper way . now going to the dentist will not be that much of a drag anymore .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been coming here for years and by far the best dentist in az . professional and the staff is top notch . she listens to any concerns and she never forgets..you truly have to come for an appointment to believe me so if you are shopping tou need to come here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going here for about 6 years . i transferred here after another dentist told me my daughter had 5 cavities and wanted a second opinion . my daughter ended up having no cavities and just needed a sealant redone that had fallen off . the staff is always nice and dr. nadkarini is fantastic . she never rushes and cleans my teeth herself . i never feel like i have any work done that is not necessary . sent a co-worker here that did not have any insurance and she just needed a tooth pulled . another dentist wanted to change her for things she did not need , but dr. nadkarni took care of her and saved her a lot of money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great office staff , nice clean office , fast - which is important when talking dentistry ... and absolutely reasonably priced ( we do n't have dental insurance and our medical covers cleanings but nothing else ) ... but we can afford to be seen here , they do n't recommend unnecessary things , as great as a dentist can be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. todd and his team are absolutely fantastic . they have been taking care of me and my dental health for nine years now and i know i 'm in good hands with people that truly care about what is best for me . melissa , who manages the front office , is 17 types of awesome as are dental assistants ashley are jen ! nothing bad to say about this practice . if you need a dentist - or do n't absolutely love yours - come see dr. todd and his team . you 'll be glad you did !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me , my wife and our son have been going to az family dentistry for close to four years now.crowns , fillings , extractions , deep cleaning , we have got it all done here . dr nadkarni and her staff have always been courteous , efficient , professional and reassuring.every visit has been a pleasant experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. nadkari has been my dentist since my insurance changed . she is gentle , smart and very very good at what she does . i had a very difficult to fit bridge due to a close hard bite and she reworked and refined it until the fit was perfect . i have observed her working with kids and she is spot on . the office staff is great , offices are beautiful . i am glad i found this office ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am totally shocked that this dentist does n't have a review yet . come on people ! giant needles ? bright lights ? drills in your teeth ? that sound that it makes when it goes into your less than pearly whites ? ! who does n't want to write a review about painful cavities ? fun stuff ! i have been going to this dentist for years now . the staff has always been courteous , and they always return my phone calls . i also like that dr. nadkami is available for dental emergencies after hours - and will call you back if she does n't answer ! they have gone above and beyond for not only me , but also for my children . my kids do not fear going to the dentist - in fact , dr. nadkarni goes out of her way to make it fun for them , and only does a small amount of work per session so that they do n't get stressed out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bcbg is like my mother ship . it 's where i go for great dress slacks that are stylish and well made that are long enough to wear with heels .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was hours before my rehearsal dinner and the day before my wedding . i ran into bcbg like a hot mess hurricane not really knowing what i wanted or needed but i needed something to wear , and needed it in like 20 mins . 2 of the managers were there , i feel awful i do n't recall one of their names , but i recall one being chad . i felt like julia roberts in pretty woman . they brought me several options , shoes , accessories , everything . they were incredibly helpful and honest which i appreciated the most . they had me in and out in a flash , and totally stoked on my purchases . i will definitely be back again . thank you guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought a beautiful dress and pair of heels here today . though the prices are n't the cheapest , the friendly staff on hand during my visit made me feel comfortable in my clothing and shoe investment . they sported pleasant attitudes and service and were happy to check for additional sizes and styles that would suit my interest . store is neat and tidy . will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i have been to many build your own pizza places and this one disappointed me . i am a vegetarian so i love places where i can make my own food . i felt like the different sauces were not visible unless you looked at the menu around the corner . i asked the girl that was going to put toppings on the pizza to change her gloves and i thought her jaw hit the floor . she just finished stocking pepperoni and i do n't want that in my food . ( this is not the first time i have asked this at a pizza place and most people do n't care ) the pizza is super thin . i like thin pizza a lot but this one is so thin it bends and toppings fall off when you try and pick up a slice . the sauce is super sweet . wish it was better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we came in from a busy morning of running errands and figured we 'd give eklectic pie a chance . we order two pizza but played it safe on this visit being the reviews are mixed . the service is nice , inside decor is cute . as far as the pizza goes , the sauce is a bit sweet for my tastes and the crust is very thin . as far as toppings go , they are endless . our next visit i we wo n't be as safe . if you have a family that has mixed taste buds when it comes to pizza this for sure would be good for y'all . affordable , not bad tasting and fast service . it 's not easy to find so my suggestion would be to have more signs leading you to the `` right '' pizza place . after awhile they 'll be 3 pizza places in the shopping center . my only other thing would be is , on a slow day or time , the music should be played a little lower being your almost yelling at the service worker .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have eaten here twice now the first time i got the wine country which is a delicious pear spinach gorgonzola pizza . this time i decided on the sgt . peppers which i expect to be just as delicious i got the tutti pie fruitti it is so good i finished the whole thing with my bf i can not ussually eat that much but it was to good to pass up . they have delicious unique soda we got the root beer which k think has just a hint of vanilla but was oh so good . they also have birch beer soda yummy town u.s.a .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love love love . i appreciate that there 's competition in the diy pie arena . the prefab flavor combinations and idea boards really elevate your pie to the next level . taste is on point along with quality , i enjoyed everything this eclectic pie had to offer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food ! chipotle style ordering . they even have vegan options such as dairy free cheese . they also have a gluten free crust . the atmosphere is fun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all five in my party tried a different pizza and we loved them all ! ! getting ready to order some dessert which i 'm sure will be just as good..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is regarding the online ordering process using their website . i ordered food via the online system and my credit card number was stolen and used to charge thousands of dollars in expensive merchandise . the items where charge within two hours of ordering the food and i had not used that credit card for any other recent charges . i contacted the business and spoke with the general manger , michael , who said he would contact the it department and find out how my credit card information was stolen and call me back . i never received a explanation or return call . i do like the pizza and salad but will not be ordering via the website and can not recommend the online ordering unless you want your credit information compromised .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am not a pizza person . i went here to get my son something to eat and decided to get my own pizza since i saw they had vegan options . i have to say i was super impressed ! i ate the entire 8 '' pizza and i never eat that much pizza . the sauce was great and not overly salty or oily ( i hate that ) and had tons of flavor . i love veggie toppings and they had a ton of veggies in addition to vegan cheese which was great . i also loved that you can get addtional toppings like spinch , basil , vinaigrette , etc when the pizza comes out of the oven . another thing i really appreciated was the employee switched out his gloves before making my pizza so as not to contaminate mine with the cheese meat from the previous pizza . the staff is super nice and the atmosphere is really cute . i also appreciate the arizona wines that they carry . so happy to come across this little gem !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so numerous of these types of pizza places are popping up all over the valley . this will be the 2nd one i 've been too . it 's good , it 's fun . i 'm not blown away by any means . we had a party of 7 come in and ordered 7 different pizza 's and sampling one another . my 11 year old son ate two 7 inch pizzas ! i 'll be back , my kids like it better than the other we 've been too . i know these guys have been here awhile , and it sucks for them to see another exact replica pizza place going up `100 feet away and a major chain going in across the parking lot . thumbs up eklectic pie ! ! we also ordered 2 dessert pizzas that were the bomb ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent pizza . i love that they do n't charge for each topping , it 's all one price . that 's such a great policy . the guys making the pizzas were obviously loving their jobs , so i 'm guessing they treat their people well . taste was great , nice thin crust , everything tested fresh . highly recommend trying it . i wish they had one in east mesa .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first let me say i do love all the build your own pizza places - it 's a trend but as someone with food allergies , it makes ordering easy . i do n't have to say i 'll have that but without this and that ... i can just ask for what i want . so i 've been to a lot around the valley and eklectic pie is my favorite - the best choice of topping anywhere . love the bacon , pulled pork and roasted potatoes . also great crust . and adult beverages too . the decor is also fun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eklectic pie the staff are friendly , the atmosphere is fun and the food is good . we came in before they officially opened and enjoyed two free pies . you get to choose your own size , 7 '' or 11 '' and then choose your own toppings . you can add as many toppings as you want , in any combination to make your pie . the toppings are fresh , varied and delicious ! since i got exactly what i wanted , i really enjoyed my pie . the food came out fast and the staff were attentive . since this is close y my house , and a local movie theater , i will be back ; and bring friends !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visiting mesa today and i happened upon eklectic because of yelp ! thank you yelp ! seriously , one of the best pizza experiences i 've ever had ! the crust was light and airy , the toppings were superb , the pure cane sodas were on point ... . and to top it off , the customer service was incredible ! the only thing i wish for after this experience ? ? ? that they open on in san diego where i live ! i ca n't wait for my next trip to mesa so i can come back ! ! ! well done eklectic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the employees here are friendly and very out going . the whole place is inviting . the toppings on my margarita pizza were delicious , but the pizza itself was undercooked . made a very disappointing end to a good first impression .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place has a nice interior and friendly staff . the prices are good and the ingredients fresh . they do not have big brand soda either . instead it serves boylan 's pure sugar cane soft drinks . i had the lunch special of a 7 '' pie and a side ceasar salad . the pie was excellent but could possibly need a little longer in the oven and the salad was great except for a few large lettuce pieces ( i try not to look like a crazy person stuffing in a huge bite when possible lol ) . but those were such small things that i can give it 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious as ever and my daughters new favorite pizza , the maya meat trio . acropolis was also delicious and birch beer on fountain is fantastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good concept horrible execution . i do n't think anybody that has posted about this place has any idea what pizza is supposed to be ! ! ! ! ! ! ! they do use nice ingredients and that 's about all that 's good about the food . you walk up to order your pizza pick your toppings and they put it on a piece of dough that is half dried out . take a look around while ordering it 's like your in a hospital cafeteria there is not even a pizza oven in the place it 's put into an oven that has a conveyer belt and pops out the other side just like the easy bake oven my 4 year old has at home . pizza is about fire and stone . like i said ingredients were good , crust was not , not at all ! ! there is no pizza feel to the place at all . i hate to bash a place but this place needs to rethink there approach to pizza . employees are very nice but very slow .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "suuuuper slow . the line was not that long , maybe 4-5 customers ahead of us but we waited in line for almost 30 minutes to order and pay for our food , then another 15 to get our food . the workers looked like they were moving in slow motion . like , painfully slow . if you 've got a movie you 're trying to make , plan for at least 45-60 minutes !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place was awesome ! the husband and i checked it out after some shopping in the complex . we got the italian pizza and it was delicious ! loved the sauce and the extra helping of toppings . the crust is really thin and crispy , very good as well . the service staff was very nice and cleaned up our plates when we were done . also before we left they handed out frisbee 's and water bottles that had their logo on it . we will be back for sure ! and we are just down the road so very close too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best pizza joint around ! ! ! ! sorry , no joke , the rest of the pizza joints around here should just close up . no one can touch the amazing pies at eklectic pie ! ! ! ! ! every time my wife and i go there , everyone is happy and smiling . do n't forget to order a soda , because the root beer is by far the best around ! ! ! take out , eat in , it does n't matter . fantastic ingredients , friendly service , the making for a perfect business plan ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome pizza . the 7inch is the perfect size . i got the besto pesto chicken pizza . very yummy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely the best make it your own type pizza place i 've been to , beats mod pizza by a mile ! ! ingredients are so fresh and their desserts are delicious ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good pizza made quickly , without skimping on quality . you can have a mountain of toppings , all for the same price . great selection of boylan sodas ! fast service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called on weds before thxgiving to place an order and was told i needed to order online only . i created a profile and tried to order and i kept getting an `` unavailable `` error online . i waited 10 minutes again and still received the error . i called back to inform them of their online issues and he said he would reboot his online server . i asked if i could just place a telephone order but was quickly dismissed . the guy said ... '' i 'm busy making a pizza and do n't have time to take a phone order . '' really ? ? ? too busy to sell a pizza ? ? ? not a good first impression here", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent pizza and good service . the soda they have is amazing ! i like the creme soda , personally . definitely a place i 'll be coming to often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we tried eklectic pie for the first time today . it 's a fairly new place & i really did n't realize it was a pizza place until i received a coupon in the mail . finally went in , the place was much larger than i expected , nice atmosphere , friendly & helpful employees and best of all , food was great . price was reasonable too , we will definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love a real gluten-free option for pizza . baked right in front of ne . they even paid special attention to my 4 year old daughter . they also had soda that was made with real sugar instead of hfcs . i 'm impressed , going back again . just wished they delivered .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "usually the pizza is really good and the service is amazing , bought 4 pizzas , one was supposed to have a finisher on it , got home and looked at my pizza and realized it was n't on it . my wife and daughter had a pizza each with the chopped chicken and they both got sick .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first time in - tried their gluten-free crust margarita pizza and loved it ! i will definitely be back again to try more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want to order from grubhub , beware ! ! ! this location will not start your order until the driver is there , even if he or she calls ahead and let 's them know they 're on the way . additionally , if the driver is already there for another grubhub customer , and your order happens to come in while he or she is waiting , they will refuse to give your order to the driver , opting instead to have someone else dispatched to get your food . the result for you is a needless delay of 30-60 more minutes in getting your food ! my suggestion is save yourself the delay in getting your dinner , and order from another pizza place that uses grubhub . sal 's gilbert pizza is an excellent choice !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love their pizzas my favorite has to be the cowboy bbq pizza ! ! such a great atmosphere ! ! beer and pizza thumbs up", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what an amazing place . the employees are fun to talk to . they make great , insightful recommendations . i ordered the pizza and was amazed by the flavor . great crust , which in my mind makes or breaks a pizza , great flavor . i ca n't wait to come back to try another .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic service from the top down ! tyler leija runs his restaurant like a well-oiled machine and his knowledge of his products and craft beers are impressive ! ! tatyana leija and hayley stout are unbelievable behind the counter . they explained the process of how things work ( we were `` virgin eklectics ) and the ingredients used and even allowed a sample of stuff to my wife before having to order . this is what a restaurant should be like everywhere . great people , outstanding customer service and delicious food ! ! kudos ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is laid back and different . pizza was good and the gluten free crust was well done . overall you walk through a line and pick your toppings , nice thing is all toppings included in the price of the crust size so , load up ! other than that , they do have draft beer on tap plus a few microbrew selections . price was about normal for what you would consider ... family of 5 ( mom , dad 3 kids ) about $ 40 ( including the pint of ipa i enjoyed ... life is good you know ... enjoy it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . it is a refreshing new way to order pizza . i have eaten there several times now and every time its been a thumbs up . its priced perfectly . i would recommend this unique spot to anyone ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love ep ! everything is fresh and made to order . besto pesto is my favorite ! servers are friendly and location is clean . the decor is eclectic and comfy seating . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super fast super cheap and super good ! definitely a great choice if you 're looking for that quick service personal pizza ... and the beer options are great too ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was a first timer and they deserve more than 5 stars ! excellent customer service ! ! ! ! good environment , clean , unique soda selections and delicious pizza ! ! definitely recommend them and will be back more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . great pizza for an awesome price and they always have top notch service . looking forward to grabbing a pie in about 10 minutes", "score": "5"}
{"review": "who does n't love pizza ? but , having a family of four used to leave someone out . now , we can each get our own pizzas with whatever we want and it 's super affordable . my husband and i really enjoy good beer and they have the greatest selection . they let us sample each one and i chose the koffee kolsch ! it 's sooo delicious . i pretty much added every vegetable they had to my pizza and the cost was the same . the fresh basil finisher with balsamic fig sauce was tasty . i recommend the wine country ( mine ) and the besto pesto ( his ) . the kids tore up the loaded potato . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in and ordered a gluten-free pepperoni pizza . it was nice that the person making the pizza change their gloves to make sure there was no gluten on it and made the gluten-free pizza for me . it was cooked to perfection and ready to eat in about three minutes . restaurant was very clean and the food was a good value for the money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i kept seeing this place when i would drive by and always wanted to try it . i would hear how yummy it was so i decided to get it delivered through grub hub . it was very fast and everything was exactly how i ordered it . i got the loaded potato skin pizza , and sgt . peppers pizza . the crust was thin which i liked , and everything was fresh and amazing . i also ordered a side salad with a bunch of toppings , and they did n't miss one topping . i would definitely recommend this place . good job guys ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came back again . the pizza is so thin and burned ... sad face . i did tell him and he was very accommodating . we appreciate it and still love this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i have absolutely loved this place since it opened a few months ago . their staff is always unbelievably friendly , the ingredients are fresh and delicious , and the atmosphere is really nice . we 've tried a handful of `` build your own '' pizza places and this one by far surpasses its competition . their local cane sugar sodas are also a really nice surprise . we also appreciate the occasional coupons in the mail , and at least once a month they have a great value special . we will be returning and recommending often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the inside of the restaurant was very clean and also very stylish . the staff was nice and helpful -- we were greeted and helped right when we walked in the door . we ordered the cowboy bbq , the besto pesto chicken and the meaty italiano . all three pizzas were delicious and it was obvious that the ingredients were all very fresh and of good quality . we will definitely be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a bad place for pizza but not the best either . if you 're out walking ( like my husband and i were 4.5miles at that point ) and you do n't want heavy food then a small pizza and a small salad does the job . i had the italian white wedding which was good , although they could have cooked it a little longer and my husband had the gyro , which he thought was good . probably not a place i 'd go again but its not bad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the atmosphere and drink selection is the real winner here . the endless toppings are also a cool way to personalize your pizza pie . the pizza is ok , but depending on your taste , there are better pizzas out there . the staff was friendly and over the top excited to help out . overall i would recommend checking this place out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't know where to start ... my husband and i go there twice a week ... on saturday we ordered two pizzas.. we noticed the girl at the counter with long hair and was not wearing a hair net or have her hair tied up neatly..we do n't want hair in our pizzas . we also saw two guys with their poodle dog in line . i asked the girl who cash us out if they allowed dogs . it was not a service dog . she said she does not know . if dogs are allowed.. i would like to bring my dog too but being an indoor facility , i doubt it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my wife and i ate here for the first time and we were thoroughly impressed . we walked in and noticed what a cool environment there was right away . then we were immediately met at the front by ( i believe ) the manager and he welcomed us . then he caught us by surprise when he went through the menu and how ordering went in very good detail . we were blown away at the awesome customer service and him treating us like we were the only customers in the entire world . we went through and ordered our pizzas and the staff making the pies were also very friendly and made sure several times they had our orders right . there was n't a long wait for the pizzas to be baked and then they were hand delivered to our table . the food was absolutely delicious and the prices were great too . my wife and i will be coming back time and time again and will recommend this place to everyone we know", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! i came when it first opened and it still has the same consistency ! i ca n't help but tell all of my family and friends about it because it 's one of mesa 's best kept secrets ( next to tum nuk thai ) ! the pizzas are personalized and a personal sized , the prices are very well worth the portions , toppings are unlimited so definitely take advantage of them ! incredibly fresh , fast and good quality . the staff is quick , friendly , clean and efficient . the whole vibe is very comfortable and welcoming . the only thing i wish for is that you could get family sized pizzas and be able to share with everyone ! it 's perfect for a date night when you 're craving one style and your significant other is craving another because you will both end up full and satisfied . i also recommend signing up for their email club , i can not wait to turn 21 so i can pair my meals with their local beer and wine ! it is a must go to !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys have the best pizza in town ! you can add as many toppings as you want , all for the same price ! 7 inch $ 5.49- 11 inch $ 7.99 . they try to use all fresh and organic ingredient and hormone free meats , when available . they also have both gluten-free crust and dairy free options ,", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pizza was great . fast service . restaurant was clean and staff were friendly . like the prices too ! i will definitly go back . welcome to the area eclectic pie ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dare i say , the best pizza place i have ever been to ? the best atmosphere ! everyone is so friendly and happy to make suggestions . fast service . delicious food . its like a chipolte , but for pizza , and without all the salminola or whatever . its just good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent pizza and service ! my mom and i happened to be in the area one night and came here for dinner . we have been coming back ever since ! this is the only pizza i truly love the crust is awesome and the people behind the counter are so happy and helpful . love it . we will be back of course !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i were here recently and really enjoyed it ! the staff was very friendly and the atmosphere was great ! the pizza was delicious and my husband commented that he especially liked the pizza sauce . i tried the orange blossom wheat beer and my husband tried the birch beer ( which is non-alcoholic and similar to root beer ) , and we both loved our choices ! we will definitely be visiting this place again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know how to put this exactly but i 'll give it a try . this place is perfect . i got exactly what i wanted within a decent amount of time . the desert pie was unexpectedly wonderful . super creative and i love the local ingredients . thank you owner of this wonderful mouth play-land .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool concept ! it 's like subway but for pizza . it 's actually really good . great if you have a bunch of people who ca n't decide on pizza toppings . a tad pricey for what you actually get ; however , i would definately come back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited based on a friend 's recommendation , e.pie definitely did n't disappoint ! staff was friendly and efficient ... ordered the wine country and pesto chicken pizza . wine country was the favorite between the two . we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so yummy ! the flame thrower is my favorite . such good flavor . everyone who works here is amazing too . ca n't wait until the new store in gilbert is open . thanks for such a fun experience spinning the wheel too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ate here tonight after looking at the reviews . we did n't know what we were really getting into . wow ! the service from everyone here was great . every employee was helpful and just good people . the product was amazing , we had three pies . 4 beers and a coke for $ 34 . that is amazing ! you have to come here . monday pizza nights are now scheduled at eclectic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like the concept & the staff was super nice but they could n't hear a word i said . i kept having to repeat my toppings . kind of annoying but whatever . i only ordered a salad & was thrilled to be able to put as many toppings on as i liked . i did n't however like that the meats were ice cold i.e . bacon , grilled chicken etc ... i understand that most stuff gets cooked after you order it but if your having a salad , cold meats do n't really work . the worst part of my visit were the salad dressings , they tasted very low quality & definitely not homemade and only four to choose from . would have loved some balsamic or raspberry vinaigrette . really no healthy choices : ( i ended up taking the salad home & using dressing from another restaurant . i 'm anxious to try the pizza next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tried this place for the first time , the pizza was really good . however , the service was not as good . they just seemed really unmotivated and kept having to take pizza back as they forgot to cut the pizza . they could definitely use some customer service training .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very good pizza . looking forward to ordering from here again and trying some different pies . great prices too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great pizza for a great price . good specials m-w . friendly staff . quick , easy , tasty , and just the right size for everyone to have their own pizza .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had dinner here in december last year , it was close to my friends apt and we just went there because we did n't want to go far . food was nice , a bit pricey though , i had orzo pasta , sun blushed tomato , rocket , parmesan & pine nuts , the pesto on it could 've had less oil on it as i found quite greasy even for a pesto based sauce . it came with a nice salad so this was a good surprise . we had a nice rose wine and service was alright .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "attached to the hotel my parents were staying in , metro was restaurant of choice for a quick - but classy - meal before they were to return home a few hours later . metro is , i admit - a beautiful restaurant , modern , clean and bright . but my compliments will end there . the meals were expensive , somewhat tasteless , tiny and my soup starter left an odd coating in my mouth for the rest of the meal . the staff were rude and unhelpful , bearly conceling thier bordom and hate for thier jobs . service was so slow that i counted my dad checking his watch more than once with fear for missing the plane in two hours time . not the best . now , i am willing to admit , we may have just been there at the wrong time or something , but still , it was an awful experience which i will not want to repeat .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this bar restaurant is a wide open airy space within the apex |international hotel.we booked a table for fathers day lunch . i have to say the food was excellent , the service was very good & value for money on the sunay lunch menu was excellent . the soup was piping hot , the roast beef melted in the mouth ! did n't have room for puds but they looked fantastic", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wide selection of games for children and adults , with a real community atmosphere . the employees spontaneously offered to teach us a game which was being featured in a tournament that same day . the staff and customers spent time teaching us the game right up until the tournament started . you could tell that the staff genuinely wants customers to enjoy their products and hosted events in their space . a+ experience for board gaming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this store ! if you 're ready to step up your board game game and take it to the next level , check out i 'm board . from rpgs like dungeons & dragons to the hottest new german board game , i 'm board has it all . if not , it 's probably out of stock because it 's so popular . they have games for all ages . additionally , they have a board game library of practically every game they have in stock , so you can take it out for a spin before you decide to buy it ! they also host game nights ( event schedule here : http : www.imboardgamestore.com events.php ) with different types of games each night . last but not least , they have discounts for students ; just bring in a copy of your latest transcript report card and they 'll take your gpa , multiply it by 10 , and give you that % discount . they also have a great rewards loyalty program ! spice up your game night . all your friends will be super impressed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been buying my games here , and only here for the last 3 years . i hope to continue doing so for the next three years . easily the most friendly place in the madison area . i 've had some less than awesome times at other game stores , but i always feel welcome and safe at i 'm board . brian is also pretty much the coolest guy in the world to talk games with , so you should do so , often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been dating a geeky guy for the last year and a half or so , and this is by far the place i 've felt most welcomed and comfortable as someone who does n't come from a gaming and collecting background . the staff is so enthusiastic and friendly and will happily answer any questions and help you find something that 's a good fit for your interests . they have a large area for gameplay in the back and host different tournaments and competitions . want to learn to play a game ? there 's probably a night you can do that . want to give a game a test run before throwing down a wad of cash ? it 's probably in their library . come , explore , meet some nice folks , and dip your toe into tabletop gaming without the stress of someone rolling their eyes at you when you do n't know what spell a level-seven mage would use .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a neat place . there were so many games with a large area in the back where you can play them . there were games i 'd never heard of , as well as classics ! the reason i gave this place a 4 and not a 5 is because of the prices . i understand it 's a local small business , but i could never justify paying so much for a board game . a game that might be $ 30 at target is easily $ 40 hear used ! the new version would be even more than that . if you do n't mind paying more and like rare games , this is the place for you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to go to pegasus games all the time , but i 'm board has really become the best in madison for most games . they do n't really do mtg , which is ok . they easily have the friendliest staff i 've ever come across . the store is gorgeous ( for a game store ) and has a far better environment than any other . it 's welcoming and thankfully not creepy , like some of their competitors . i hope that they some day get to expand their store even more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an amazing selection of games that is very well organized throughout the store . it was fun to walk through and check out the board games as well as to see the ones that are on sale . there 's a way to trade in and sell your used board games here . although , we did n't have any of the employees reach out to ask us if we needed assistance , sometimes that 's more preferred than for it to be a nagging experience . in the back of the store there 's a place that allows for people to play board games or to try out some of the games before purchasing . even though , the board games are priced competitively , it is on the higher end of it since it is a local retail shop . overall , it 's nice to support the local community and to check out games that you might not have otherwise noticed . i 'd say it 's worth the visit to just walk through even if you do n't end up buying something . come check it out and have some fun in the process !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm board is in my opinion the best board game store in town . their employees are very welcoming and their selection offers something for everyone . i never feel intimated when i walk into this store like i have at some other board game stores in town . i mean their name has the word family in it so it really is a great store for everyone ! they have game tables in the back that you can come and use at any time to play games and also a huge closet of games for you to to try out before committing to buying . awesome ! they also have nights that are designated for certain games so you can enter competitions if that is your thing . every since settlers of catan , board games have become huge in the u.s. and for good reason , cause board games are awesome . i 'm glad there is a great store like i 'm board in town to help with my hobby obsession . healthy obsession i believe . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super friendly and helpful staff , which is a huge difference given how much of retail is becoming amazon-ified . the staff are really knowledgeable and patient and seem to know of every game in the world . there are events every day for communal game playing and be sure to enlist in their rewards program to get discounts and rack up points .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent selection of board games for all ages & ability levels , great service with special orders , and nice open play room with an extensive `` library '' for trying new stuff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "because i am an awful nerd , i always try to check out the local game shop whenever i 'm out of town . on a recent trip to madison , my friends graciously escorted me to the hilariously named i 'm board , a bit out of town proper but conveniently located near the university and the willy street co-op , and i was impressed ! very good selection of board games , up-to-date and not overpriced , with a solid range of choices in almost every category . a good play area with a huge library , and an attentive staff . it was a bit light on rpgs , but otherwise this one was a real winner -- i hope i can head back someday . lucky madison !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great little local game shop ! pretty much everything you could hope for from a community based , family oriented , small business . they have a really good selection that 's arranged nicely throughout the front half or so of the shop . the back half of the relatively spacious space is dedicated to an impressive library of games that can be played by any one , any time and a nice amount of tabletop space and chairs . the folks that work here are hugely helpful and can give awesome recommendations advice . they 'll always be happy to help put in a special order or point you in the right direction . on top of all of this i 'm board regularly hosts events where you can compete with others on an array of cool games . my one minor complaint is that some of the games are on the expensive side ( relative to something like amazon ) but there 's a ton of value in having a place like this as part of your community , so i do n't mind paying a bit of a premium .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great friendly local game store ! huge selection of board games along with good sections for role-playing and miniatures games . the staff are very knowledgeable and the gaming area in the back is comfortable and clean . the whole place is very welcoming . madison has a number of game stores , but i 'm board is exceptional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store is fantastic - staff members are always helpful and the selection of games is great . this is one of the first game stores i checked out after moving to the madison area and i have avoided going to others because i like this one so much . in addition , they hold great events every day during the week , they really have a game for everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there 's a great selection of games of a lot of different types here , but what i really like about the store is the atmosphere . i was discussing it with an employee , and she was telling me that they were going for more of a `` bookstore '' vibe than a `` game store '' vibe . i can totally get behind that . i went for a game demo on a friday night and found the store to be packed with all kinds of people : friday night magic players , families with young kids playing board games in the store 's expansive back play area , etc . really nice and welcoming place . i 'll be doing most of my game shopping here , i think . i would like to see how their public play rpg events go , but i do n't anticipate that being a problem . great , clean store , extremely welcoming , fun and friendly staff , lots of games . what 's not to love ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection of games for any age . love that they have an area in the back of the store for you to try games before you buy . the staff is very knowledgeable and can help with suggestions of games to try without being pushy . wish we lived closer as we would frequent more often , but if you are in the area , it is a great place to shop or just hang out and play a game .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had lunch with my wife . the quality of the sushi was quite good . my wife had some tempura that was fabulous . service was friendly and quick . we really enjoyed our lunch . we will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to sushi 3 since high school and it 's always been a local go-to for good sushi . the quality of the food and service have always been consistent every time i have stopped in . i 've tried a number of their rolls and none have disappointed . the pricing seems to be pretty average as far as sushi goes . the space is pretty small with maybe five booths and a few seats at the sushi bar . but it seems that this place gets a lot of takeout orders because every time i 'm in , there are plenty of people coming and going . personally , i like dining in because it 's so quiet and peaceful . in addition to fresh and flavorful sushi , the service is always fast . they usually have our food out to us in no time at all . unfortunately i do n't live nearby anymore so i do n't get to stop in quite as often . but when i 'm in the mood for sushi in the south hills area , sushi 3 is my top choice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sushi was dry and unenjoyable . the place itself is clean and the decor was minimal . i was not a fan and probably wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just moved to the area , so i was looking for a good sushi place . this is a nice little joint . it 's very intimate , but they would have no problem seating a large party . when my bf and i arrived we were the only ppl there ( it was memorial day , so sushi is n't too high up ppls lists for dinner ) we ordered the spicy edamame and 4 rolls . everything was reasonably priced , and very good . staff was friendly ! will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very large sushi menu . the prices are a little higher than average . everything tasted pretty good . at first glance , i remarked that there was plenty of fish inside my sushi . then we realized that it was an optical illusion ... there was hardly any rice in the sushi . still , the fish was fresh and tasty . we got 5 rolls altogether , a tuna tataki app and crab rangoons . all in all , it was 45 bucks . this would n't have such an issue but the portions just seemed on the smaller side . the tuna tataki was awesome , though ! i 've had better , i 've had worse ... this place was alright . i probably wo n't go there again , not because of anything bad , but just because there are better places to go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just got lunch from here today . for $ 9.63 , i got soup , salad , vegetables tempura , 6 avocado rolls , steamed rice , and pickles . it was a ton of food and more than filling enough - i did n't even eat the salad and i was stuffed . i will agree that the wasabi was pretty weak - i added tons of it and it added almost no spice or flavor . even though it was a bit pricier than i was expecting ( my menu was outdated and said the lunch would be $ 6.95 . oops . ) , it was also very filling and worth it for a once-in-a-while treat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little neighborhood place . food is good , service is great . try the tofu salad appetizer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i frequent this place often , probably on average about once every 2 weeks , with colleagues from work , as our office is right around the corner . their sushi ( i 've had probably about a dozen or so varieties of their rolls ) is always fresh and delicious and their miso soup is my favorite around . the lady who works there is always so friendly and sweet . i love this place , and would recommend it to anyone who loves sushi in the mt . lebanon dormont area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has restored my faith in delivery sushi . for the longest time i could only eat it fresh ( not delivery ) , but this is the second place ever i 've found that i thoroughly enjoyed the sashimi appetizer , takosu , flower roll , and a spicy tuna roll with no asparagus . of the two places ever , this is my new number one . the spicy tuna roll and and sashimi app were my favorites ! the hubby got yellowtail fish jowl , and fried rice ... also very good . delivery was on point and even the call to put in the order was smooth and easy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they delivered to us recently , and i was n't ecstatic over the shrimp fantasy i had . the sushi was decent . most of everything else was bland and average . i do n't know if eating at the restaurant would have made a difference or not . the delivery did come on time , though . nothing special in my book .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sushi three is my favorite sushi restaurant in pittsburgh . their food is always excellent . i 've only eaten in the restaurant a couple times , i usually order take out . the vegetable spring rolls are delicious . they are crispy , not greasy & the dipping sauce they come with is so good ! it tastes like a wasabi mustard combination . cold sesame noodles are good . my favorite makisushi is the spicy salmon tempura roll , they fry the outer shell of the sushi so it 's crispy & it 's lightly topped with sauce . the shadyside roll which is smoked salmon , cream cheese & avocado , any of the vegetable tempura rolls which is a choice of yam , broccoli , asparagus or zucchini & the fresh salmon roll are all great choices . you ca n't go wrong with sushi three . if you 're a fan of sushi they are a must try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sushi selection limited ... miso soup tasted a little fishy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious sushi ! watched it be prepared in front of us and the entire place is super clean . friendly staff . highly recommend stopping here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go there as a tradition with my best friend when she comes home and it 's one of my favorite places . the resteraunt is quiet and low lit so it 's very relaxing . service is quick and friendly . the lunch specials are amazing deals and there 's enough variety there that i never get bored with the choices . their tempura is the best i 've ever had , and the rest of their food is just as amazing . their ginger dressing makes me want to drink it straight . even thinking about it has set me drooling !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oy . cold , dull rice packed much too hard . industrial wasabi paste . fish was fresh , but inexpensive cuts . about the same as giant eagle .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had lunch here this past week and got the sushi lunch special . i was surprised to see that there were only two other tables . the restaurant was dark and provided little in the way of ambiance . for $ 10 , the sushi lunch special included salad , miso soup , 5 pieces of sushi along with a salmon roll and green tea . as far as how much you got for the money , it was a good deal . on the negative side , the sushi was quite average , both in terms of taste and freshness . little tokyo , which is located on washington rd . in mt lebanon ( about 5 minutes away ) has higher quality sushi , although it 's a little bit pricier . if you are looking for good sushi , it 's worth the extra five minute drive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "freshly prepaired , made to order sushi . more variety than you can shake a stick at !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good sushi and nice staff . if you eat at the restaurant it 's always completely dead inside -- which can be nice if you want some privacy , or bad if you do n't want the staff to hear your conversation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "way overpriced and the rolls are incredibly small . i was not impressed with the sushi either . if you are looking for sushi , katana , only about a mile away , is way better . i would not recommend this place . if you are in the neighborhood , bados right next door or io cafe across the street are a much better choice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "no integrity ! ! ! college kid schedules and confirms interview , arranges ride for 4 hour trip ( each way ) , skips class to be at his 4pm interview on a friday arrives at interview , shows up to be told there are not hiring anymore . no call , no sorry . no class ! ! have heard from other people how this guy operates and if that 's an indication of how they paint then stay away ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sent me not one , but two letters asking for me to work for them . i called once and set up an application they then told me they would be calling me back within the hour to set up an interview . needless to say they never called . when i received a second letter i once again called and when i told him the situation he simply said ( very rudely i might add ) that they were n't interested in me then proceeded to just hang up on me without saying anything else . very rude customer service , so unprofessional .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we live in bay village and have used neubert twice . they are fantastic and we will continue to use them for our future projects . their price is higher than the discount painters but it is worth it because they provide better quality and a professional experience . they were on time , on budget , and great quality . if you want a headache free experience , hire neubert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place might not have a huge selection of movies available , but the inside of the theaters are redone ... the seats and legroom are first class ! ! ! they are like lazy boy seats ( not joking ) ... this is my new favorite movie theater ... apparently they are adding a bar that serves alcohol too ! ! ! not kidding , this place is awesome now ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amc westwood movie theater has been refurbished ( as of feb. 2014 ) to set itself apart from all other theaters ; that is to say the amc gutted the ( 6 ) theaters of their former seats in order to make way for cozy , fat red lazy boy recliner seats ! it 's true ! the new recliners have a button which allows moviegoers to recline all the way forward and back , and anywhere in between . it 's the finest ( most comfortable ) movie-going experience you 're likely to get . check 'em out ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ugh . and people wonder why movie houses are falling out of favor ? i counted four people on staff at 7 p.m. on a friday night . one person working the ticket window , one usher , and two peddling the oh-so healthy and affordable options at the food stand . no wonder the place feels grim . on the plus side , i got my movie . i 'll have to really want to see something on the big screen to return here though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have always had good experiences here . it is a bit cheaper than other local theaters ( the detroit theater in lakewood the exception ) . it is right next to a marc 's , which i find perfect for buying my movie candy and drinks ( always remember the big purse ! ) . yes , it is an older theater , but i have always found it clean and in good shape .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nothing to write home about . the theater was cleaned - and as with any movie theater overpriced food . nothing bad , but nothing spectacular ! pretty much an average experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very high class establishment , great infrastructure , the employees are all around very polite . i had the pleasure of conversing with an upstanding young man named michael debacker . he was very polite and answered all my questions with a genuine upbeat attitude . i will support this business for years to come . unlike the great lake atlas ; that place is trash .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this theater went downhill ... the theater i was in smelled like serious mold . after 30 mins i could n't handled it and left .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wonderful local movie theater . ca n't beat the $ 5 mondays . all digital presentation , clean theaters , friendly staff , and excellent location right off of route 2 . will be back regularly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my daughter and her two friends to see the airplane movie . the theatre does n't draw a large crowd during the week which was nice . the kids loved having to pick a seat wherever they wanted . the one thing was is there was a chair that had caution tape on it and was missing a seat cushion . i do n't know how long it has been like this but i see this as a potential hazard with small kids here . they should play kids movie in this theatre . otherwise the staff was friendly and the kids had a great time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to a matinee and saw `` wreck it ralph '' . the sound , projection , screen were all a+ . the theater is dirty , popcorn needs to be swept up . the urinals are almost always filthy , the floors in the restroom need a permanent attendant . there seems to be a urinal out of order at any given time . the carpets are in dire need of cleaning ... met the manager to discuss renting a theater for a birthday party ; he seemed nice enough but it was like it was his first time wearing a shirt and tie . it was cheap and the seat convert into couches so we 'll go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always see movies at atlas cinema in diamond centre , mentor ohio . polite staff - extra butter is extra butter and they let you salt your popcorn in the middle of filling the tub . free refills on large items , bathrooms always clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rude cashier . strong mildew smell in the theater . old seats . hopefully they can play the movie without any problems .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this company and their property manager bonnie kingcannon are beyond a joke . she is by far the worst property manager i 've ever had . the people they send to fix things is an even bigger joke . one handy man was a lady who literally looked like a crack head and had to leave after 4 hours of unfinished work because she did n't feel good ( she only needed to install a new bathroom fan ) . she insisted on sending her boyfriend to finish the job because she could n't figure out how to install it anyway . of course , we graciously declined her boyfriends assistance . she left our bathroom a complete disaster and loose screw 's dangling from the ceiling . when we told our property manager bonnie about this she did n't seemed shocked nor did she apologize for the complete lack of professionalism . do not rent from de lex realty and definitely stay away from their realtors property managers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super easy to get to . they have everything you need to get your dog clean : shampoo , detangler , towels , a groomer table and blow dryer ! i had to ask for a brush but they had that too ! awesome for $ 12 ! i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so thankful for the dog hut . i do n't know what i would do without them . my dogs get the exercise and socialization they need when they are there and always come home exhausted ! the key staffers owners are always friendly and really get to know you and your pups . i 've started traveling for work again and my boyfriend does n't get home from work in time to get the dogs . for a small fee they will drop your dogs off at home for you ! now if that is n't above and beyond , i do n't know what is ! the only thing i wish is that they could accommodate more dogs . my dogs are on set days and if i want to add an extra day i need to call way in advance or they are completely booked . i guess that just goes to show how great they are !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really professional , awesome work , very time efficient ! my carpet looks like new ! you will not be disappointed ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh my goodness , where do i start ! ! ! my carpet was a mess , i had a party a week before my carpet shampoo and someone had spilled red wine . the technician that came out ( jesus ) did an amazing job ! ! no signs of the stain at all ! ! ! ! ! ! i would highly recommend him 100 % his professionalism was outstanding . he truly cares about his customers and goes above and beyond .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "where do i start ? this company showed up right on time , did an outstanding job , and their prices were unbeatable . definitely using them again and recommend them to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my fiance got a suit from them about 2 years ago ( before they had any location in toronto ) . i measured him , the suit came on time and it was a perfect fit . we are getting married in about a monthish so without a question , we knew he would get a suit from indochino . worst mistake ever . not only have theyhired incompetent people , we had to cancel our order , which wasted 2-3 weeks . last week , we received an email that the fabric was n't in stock and we can either 1 ) wait , we will get the suit end of aug instead of mid august 2 ) upgrade to another fabric or 3 ) get a refund . we decided to wait , we get a call now telling us that its cutting it too close and they recommend we pick another option . why in the world are we provided that option then . i am utterly disappointed in the service . dont ever shop there !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i changed jobs last spring and suddenly found myself having to wear suits everyday . with only two ill-fitting suits in my possession , i was on the hunt . i found indochino and have n't shopped anywhere else since . i 've now ordered nine suits and about a dozen shirts over the past six months . overtime i am amazed at the quality and value . i can get a custom made suit for often less than an off the rack one . they fit me so well that i now actually enjoy wearing suits . check them out , you 'll be glad you did !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh look ! they 're back ! for how long ? i 'm not sure . they must 've done well enough to make a return .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really a great experience from beginning to end . love the suit and will be back for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "condescending staff . suit did not fit . i am 5'11 and 170lbs . the suit they made for me had to be taken to a tailor , and she could only fix the length of the arms . she said the jacket was ill fitted , and the shoulders were not fixable . the pants were baggy and made you look like a rapper from the early 90 's . terrible . it costed me $ 900 . for that amount , go to a real tailor .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not use . they took 4 attempts and got the jacket and pants wrong overtime . the quality is n't great and the last jacket there was a large ridge in the sleeve and the jacket . either the store does n't measure right or when they make the jacket they ignore them . again do not waste your time . it is not custom", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went in to look around the shop and while browsing found a tie that i really liked . when i tried to ask if the tie was available in black the sales lady said `` you need to make an appointment to ask me about anything '' . this low cost suit store acting like they 're on rodeo drive telling me i needed to make an appointment to ask about a tie . worst customer service attitude . will not come to this place again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "jonathan a was very helpful throughout the process . would buy again . highly recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the only reason why i ca n't give it 5 stars , is because i have not received my suit or shorts yet , only day 1 : ) . however the service from nathaniel was 5 stars , and his colleagues were also super helpful !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service and clothes and prices are amazing . they really do take the time and show patience in fitting you for your clothes . i bought two suits here for less than $ 1000 and the suits are amazing . i bought 5 shirts from here for $ 300 and they fit like a glove . it took me 3 months before i finally got the size fit that i want . there was a lot of back forth between my initial measurements and getting the shirts suits that finally fit properly . but now that indochino has my measurements correct , i 'm only going back here . you just ca n't expect that the first shirt suit they send you after your initial measurements will fit . expect 2nd 3rd alterations before you get a perfect fit . but once they get the measurements right , the shirts suits are incredible . makes me feel like a million bucks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service . have bought 4 suits here so far and they work very well as everyday work suits .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "edit : after contacting the bbb and my credit card company i was able to receive a mutually acceptable resolution to my issues with the product .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here to celebrate a special day with my gf . its a michelin star restaurant so we were expecting great things and it did not disappoint . we made reservations ahead of time just in case . we arrived and were greeted and seated right away . you can choose either to order from their tasting menu or a la carte . my gf for the chef 's tasting menu and i got the seasonal tasting menu . it was a 6 course meal each and was about $ 130 + tax and tip which is not bad considering its vegas , the bellagio and michelin star . all dishes were impressive and fresh . i wo n't go into much detail of our specific dishes since the tasting menu changes . however , the lobster pot pie is always on the menu i believe and it was soooo rich and flavorful . the weakest dishes were definitely the desserts .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was good but service was slow and rude . we placed a reservation for 9 and was not seated until 9:30 . during that time , no one came out to update us about the delay . when i asked about the wait , i was met with rude remarks . my younger sister is a big fan of mocktails ( no alcohol ) . when i tried approaching with her to the bar to ask for a mocktail , we were intercepted by a a manager and told to leave the area without giving me a single minute to explain what i wanted to order . in addition , service was slow between courses . we waited 12 minutes for bread and silverware . no dish was accompanied with an explanation and the overall experience made us feel unappreciated and unwelcomed . this did not provide the same engaging michelin star experience as other michelin restauants .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it never ceases to amaze me how the high end restaurants in las vegas can create these oases of calm and luxury just a few feet off the bustling casino floor . the service was definitely the high point of our dining experience here . all of the waitstaff were friendly and engaging while delivering that polished , choreographed elegance one expects . the food was delicious with the one exception being the restaurant 's signature lobster pot pie in which the lobster was disappointingly tough . other than that is was truly a wonderful experience and i 'm looking forward to going to mina 's san francisco establishments", "score": "4"}
{"review": "did the tasting menu with premium wine pairings . the whole meal was outstanding , although this is the second time i 've had the michael mina tuna tartar ( here and stonehill tavern ) and it is definitely the weakest part of the meal both times i 've had it . however , overall quality , service , ambience were outstanding with the dessert course feeling like a fireworks finale .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for a high end steakhouse , was n't too impressed . there are a lot of restaurants in vegas opened by lots of well known chefs and this one was just ok. for the price , i was expecting more on the service and food level . i did appreciate that they were able to accommodate without a reservation . overall , i would spend my money elsewhere for a more satisfying meal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service was 5+ stars , food was delicious . the steak 4 stars , salad with beets was my favorite dish 4.5 stars . ambience simple , clean , great lighting .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the tasting menus ( they let us mix dishes from both ) . hands down , the best ( and most expensive ) meal i 've ever eaten . worth every penny because we still talk about it nearly 2 years later .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , in comparison to the michael mina in san francisco 's union square , this michael mina fails ! they do n't do the majority of their dishes in the 3-way cooking presentation and it is much more expensive than the san francisco one for less food and less tasty food . i ca n't say it was entirely bad , but the experience left me not wanting to go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was great once it arrived . 4 stars if it had n't taken well over an hour and a half for the appetizers . timing of wine service was disappointing too . tuna tartare was nice if user-defined , and steak perfect . order the veggies !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow , great food ! but felt everything tasted too salty . food portions were small but by the end of our rubicon ( 5 course meal ? ) , we were full . but i believe they substituted the menu without warning us beforehand . they served us sea bass but no where on the menu sea bass was mentioned . but it 's okay , i love fish . service was great . interior was smaller than i expected but cozy . we got back from hiking in the zion national park and we were slightly covered in mud ( it was drizzling ) but they let us in even though we were casually dressed . i 'll definitely go back and will also try the other restaurants operated by mina enterprise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered the seafood trio which was $ 47 and literally 6 bites of food . it was delicious , but at that price , it was outrageous . wo n't be coming back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the most decadent and satisfying dining experiences in memory ! exemplary service and an energetic atmosphere - this is what i expected in vegas dining . we began with the ahi tartare paired with a lovely reisling . it wa a perfect combination of buttery tuna , spicy ancho , crunchy pine nuts and refreshing mint . but the lobster pot pie was the ultimate joy . rich , savory , perfectly balanced truffled brandy cream surrounding an entire lobster , cooked to perfection ... and all paired with a delightfully crisp chardonnay . oh glorious creation , perfection is thy name ! ! dessert was a pleasant trip down memory lane in the form of a root beer float - unpretentious and delicious . michael mina - you earned those awards , and then some ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "made reservation day before , walked in and found about a dozen empty tables near the main part of restaurant . our host with the least sat us waaaay in the corner , the kitchen restroom brick wall special , as i call it . before sitting i requested that she moved us closer to mainland . she said sorry , there is nothing available . well , unless a 30-party whale was going to close the joint , didnt believe her . i asked why doesnt she move us and how can she even consider seating us in such a bad location , she stuck to the restaurant manual : i am sorry sir there is nothing available at this time . told her she 'd be great at cold-calling , and recommended she switch jobs , then left . bitch eat our dust", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i dined here two fridays ago for dinner . we had high hopes for the tasting menu since 1 ) this restaurant is at the bellagio & 2 ) we have dined at the sf michael mina location . no comparison . the menu included : -tuna tartare : ancho chile , sesame oil , pine nuts , mint -lobster pot pie : winter vegetables , truffle-lobster cream -american kobe steak : porcini -butter poached , pommes fondant -5 desserts ( root beer float assorted cookies etc ) -wine pairing my recommendation would be to go for the lobster pot pie . that was a phenominal dish . completely skip the american kobe steak . it was over cooked , dry , tough and i could literally hear myself sawing through the meat with my knife . our entire table could n't believe that they were serving this dish . it definitely gives american kobe a bad name . one of the worst steaks i have ever eaten .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very loud there ! do n't plan this place for a romantic dinner ( which we did ) . it is rather unromantic being forced to yell at your partner because the place is so loud . they have a lot of large tables with 6 or more people . good for groups , but this makes it so loud . i had foie gras which was very good and the lamb which was good too . cooked perfectly and a good portion . my wife had the dover sole which was tasty but very ( ! ) rich . she could not finish it . it was cooked in a lot of butter and the sauce was very rich too . the service was very slow . we had to wait quite long to order and then for the food . too much time in between appetizer and main dish . waiters were too busy helping the big group tables . i would come back with maybe a work group , but not for a dinner for two . food : 4 stars ambience and service : 2 stars", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you are looking for an upscale place with flawless service and delicious food this is the place . it 's located inside bellagio and i have been here 4 or 5 times . the last few times i have brought different friends here and we have always had the tasting menu with wine pairing . it 's very good ! i have tried both choices for wine pairing , and to be honest they both are great . i 'm in no way a wine specialist , so i might not be the right person to ask , but at least for me they were both great . the place is pretty pricy . the tasting menu will will the best wine pairing and tips end up around $ 200 per person .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there 's not much that has n't already been said . the seafood is what shines and they do a great job . there 's a fantastic selection of wines to suit any dish and palate . the amuse bouches were quite good . a girlfriend opted for the vegetarian tasting menu and was very pleased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "backstory : when my sister asked me where i wanted to eat for our bi-monthly las vegas trip , i told her to pick ... did n't think we would end up at a michellin star resturant paying over $ 150 for food ! ! but what is life if you ca n't live a litte ] =d the food review : ordered the cookbook tasting menu that comes w tantare of ahi tuna - refreshing maine loster pot pie - light , not as creamy as i would of expected , perfectly seasoned miso - glazed black cod - soba noodles were a nice touch american kobe ribeye - heart stopping goodness w foie gras tasting of michael mina desserts ( root beer float , cocunut cheese cake , strawberry milk panna cotta ) - could n't finish dessert cuz i was stuffed for $ 108 a person before tax and tip , its definitely on the pricey side . the service was amazing and vibe peaceful ( even tho my table was hella loud ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the 6 course menu was great ! classy , tasty and everything was done perfect . the wine pairing and the passion with which it was explained to us great . definite try if you want to impress and dine classy ! all my friends loved what they ordered too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . i had a valentine 's tasting menu with premium wine pairing and it was the most incredible dining experience of my life . i wish i remembered more of it but i was pretty sloshed from the endless wines . i remember really loving the osetra caviar parfait , potato crusted john dory , kobe steak , and chocolate-covered ice cream bonbons ( this was 2 years ago so the menu may have changed ) . there 's more than one tasting menu available , so you might want to get different ones so you can try everything . there were 4 of us so i think 2 of us got the valentine 's tasting menu and 2 had the cookbook tasting menu and that was the best idea ever ! i love that the waitstaff was so friendly and professional and the atmosphere was n't pretentious at all . mmm i dream of this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had drinks here before , but made the mistake of ordering the seasonal tasting menu with the wine paring . i chose this menu because of the scallops . the other two people i was dining with chose the signature tasting menu ( which looked way better ) . if you decide to dine here skip the seasonal menus as the 83rd or a scallop is a joke and the rest of the meal was substandard . additionally they attempted to pair a rose with one of the tastings and all i can say is that it was not paired well and i question if the sommelier even tried the wine and dish beforehand . this meal was a typical strip rip off and i am severely disappointed in the meal and question if i would ever go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "without a doubt one of the best restaurants i have ever been to . i have been to this restaurant many times and i get the same thing every time i go . the whole foie gras . if you are a lover of foie gras this will be a religious experience ! ! ! although this may be the most fattening meal , and maybe the most expensive , you will ever have , you will never forget it . if you 've never had foie gras before , this is the place to go . the way michale mina prepares it is unreal . the combination of carmalized granny smith apples and calvadoes sauce is to die for . it is very rare to find a restaurant that actually serves an entire whole foie gras . this is one of the few that does and they do not dissappoint ! ! ! 5 stars seems too low ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mybizniche , has increased our business traffic by 100 % over all other advertising we have tried . by far the best return on investment we have found for our advertising budget ( which isnt very big ) . we had tried several flyers , local magazines , and radio advertising , even did some ppc stuff ourselves to start with , but nothing developed as much traffic as mybizniche ! we started by having our website re-designed , and a little bit of seo done at first . we then continued with more seo to increase our internet search rankings , wow what a difference in traffic and phone calls this made ! i would highly recommend you call them if you need website work , or seo work to get your business found by customers , that is what they do and they are very good at it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have just started working with shawn . my website ecommerce is loading more quickly and he redirected many pages that the last computer company misdirected . he not only finds the issues but he will contact you quickly if you need help ! ! ! what company does that ? ? ? i am excited about all that shawn is doing for my business . being in the beauty business , you need to stay current and he is doing that with seo and correct management of my site .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best website design company ! i have now trusted 2 websites in the hands on my biz niche . this will be worth your time and investment , trust me . i had not one , but three companies work on my first concept , all disappointing in design , time line delivery , or cost . finally i met shawn and wow the difference is stunning . their project managers communicate constantly and effectively , stay on timeline , and deliver a beautiful , sticky , and traffic driving site . i wasted so much time before finding them , you owe it to yourself to give them a call . i trust them forever with my sites . amazing work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "apparently nova era has been around toronto for quite some time . this new location was recently established in north ajax , and its about time ! in the one hour that i was there on a rainy saturday afternoon , this place was constantly visited by patrons . when i arrived i was greeted by a friendly lady who was very attentive and polite throughout our entire visit . needless to say the service was amazing . i quickly settled on the chicken blt ( nova style ) , it was very good . i also tasted the canoli..yum . this place bakes a variety of fresh breads daily and people just come in to buy the bread , grab some tasty pastries and leave . mind you , there is place to sit and have a quick bite if you so choose . nice to visit , will be back again for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at a family gathering we stopped in to pick up dessert along the way in ajax . i did n't go in so can only comment on the take out items in the store . nova era is a european bakery that specialises more towards portuguese desserts with several locations across the gta . we had several items including custard pudding , almond tarts and of course traditional portuguese eggs tarts . they were all very good , on the sweeter side but not too sweet where you would go into a diabetic coma : ) . the shell of the egg tarts were crispy and flaky which contrasted well with the soft egg custard filling . no wonder why they are the most popular item in portuguese desserts ! overall a very good option especially considering there 's not a lot of specialty bakeries in the durham region . will definitely come again if we are in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would have given it 4 stars but i feel like the staff hate their jobs and everything about their lives . i do n't think i have seen anybody smile ever and i feel like i am an inconvenience when i walk in . when i ask questions about any item i get short answers and attitude . most of their products are quite tasty which is what keeps me coming back . however , if i find a bakery that has equally tasty treats and nicer staff , i likely wo n't be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always fresh and incredible delicious . wide range of selection available for any occasions . it became our must to go every week place : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little portuguese bakery , nice to have one here since we came from downtown and hey were everywhere . the breads are always good and the desserts are so so so good ! a bit on the too sweet side but that 's what dessert 's all about . the only downside is the service . it 's a hit or miss ... ..there 's a couple of young girls that work the counter that seem unhappy when they work . but at least the baked goods make up for it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice pastries , coffee and atmosphere . great having to have options in north # ajax . # foodforthought", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a new location in ajax . company has been around for a while ... i 've tried different pastries here and it 's okay . not the greatest . fast service and friendly people overall .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place ! the tarts are simply amazing ! a lot of pastries and dessert ... all of them are really fresh and delicious ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried many portugese egg tart bakeries in toronto and this one is my favourite . it 's only $ 1.25 per tart , and if you get 12 , you do n't pay tax .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious croquettes and pastries ! ! best portuguese bakery in durham !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what is up with all the grumpy faces ? every time im in there , its bland attitudes as if im inconveniencing them to get me a simply pastry . no one has ever smiled at me and ive been coming there to get treats for at least 2 years . finally today i decided to write a review to not only inform the customer but to let the staff know that perhaps a smile and a welcoming attitude would make their business even better . the pastries are amazing but i always eat them while complaining about the crappy service . thanks for the great treats .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the coffee , desserts and food ! ! staff is great too . awesome portuguese bakery in ajax .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they seem to be out of stock of things like egg bread often . ca n't be bothered to stop and check if they have what i need anymore ; most times it 's a waste of my time because i go there for something and have to walk away empty handed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fantastic ! i tried this bakery about 1 month ago , and was back within days for a few more of their pastries ! service = great atmosphere = comfortable pastry and treats = awesome !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dropped in this evening to pick up some custard tarts and a few other deserts - custard tarts are a must absolutely perfect ; skip the tiramisu ( underwhelming does n't seem home made ) ; almond tart is good too ( not too sweet ) ; excellent cannoli 's also .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped by to have a quick lunch with a colleague who recommended . nice place , not very crowded and good service . had a special of the day : ravioli with grilled chicken . very good red sauce and ravioli , chicken was kind of eh . it came with a thick piece of toasted italian bread that was perfect with the meal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "all i 'm going to say is , that above all other food , i 'm a huge wing fan . i get them at every chance i get . the buffalo ranch wings at joey d 's definitely make my top 5 list . they were fried perfectly - crispy skin - and even though they were n't as saucy , the flavor of the sauce was just perfect . they were even good the next day , albeit a bit less crispy . i happened to be with a few other fellow 'yelpers ' at dinner , so i 'll let them review their own food experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "normal bar food , nothing spectacular but a good meal . lots of tv 's at the bar good visibility for watching games . the night we were there they had a band , good musicianship but poor singing . bartenter was attentive . i would go again", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after months of researching our pool and landscape remodel project , 5 different quotes , ideas , and quite frankly a lot of bs ... .. we were referred to az pools and landscape . after one meeting with the owner , it was crystal clear there was no bs ... ..it was honest , factual , and completely flexible negotiations . do n't waste time with others . az pools and landscapes partnership , honesty , work ethic , and ultimately their final product and overall customer experience was a+ .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did my back yard landscape and pool . on time and did beautiful work . would use again anytime .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 'll complete this review with in a week . so far everything is looking good : ) jack and tracy e .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is way too expensive and a lot of the machines were out of order . it was between $ 3.50- $ 4.50 per load depending on the machine you used . you would think that since this place is so close to an apartment complex the prices would be more reasonable . i only come to the laundromat because i hate spending all day doing laundry and this allows me to get all 6 loads done in under 2 hours . i wo n't return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is owned by a very nice couple . it is very clean and they have good prices . the dryers work exceptionally well , i dried a huge load for not even 20 minutes and it was bone dry . highly recommend this place . they also do 1 $ pound wash , dry , fold .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not bad , but too crowded , and so many rude people bumping into you , and cutting in line . not one heat lamp on a cold , and windy night .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i came here on a friday night for some batting cage fun . we got there at about 7:00 p.m. and it was not very busy at all . there were a few kids teams with parents watching . there were not a lot of other people like us who were just there to use the batting cages . the batting cage was manually operated so you need a partner to put a softball or baseball in the machine for it to pitch to you . you can slow down the speed of the pitch and change the aim too . it was fun and good exercise . the main guy that checked us in was very nice and accommodating . he even gave us some athletic tape when we were forming a blister from batting . by the time we left by 8 p.m. it was quite packed . call and reserve a time before you get there so you do n't have to wait . check-in on yelp for a discount on batting cage time . i 'm definitely going back there again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was fun ! watching baseball has never interested me ( unless my nephew is playing it or if i 'm watching the sf giants play ... only for their crab sandwiches ) but , this has definitely changed my mind on it . i think we paid $ 8 for half hour of batting practice and it was n't busy for a tuesday night . there were many different sized bats ; i , of course , chose a kiddie bat = ) friend taught me how to hold the bat , how to `` follow through , '' and just take my time . after the first round , i feel like i got the hang of it and just told my friend to `` keep the balls coming '' faster and faster ! i got some blisters from it , along with a new found appreciation for baseball players . bonus points for being next to dw bistro ... perfs for dinnaaah for the winnahhh", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely ridiculous . kid at front desk was obviously more focused on talking to a girl than doing his job . no sense of customer service to the point i even asked him if he wanted to be there working . place is ok , but only 1 machine that pitches balls ? not to mention you have to collect them after hitting ? i have never been to a batting cage that makes you collect your own balls for the next round . in all honesty , the collecting of your own balls did n't bother me much , but the kid at the front that `` checks you in '' was absolutely horrendous . being a small business owner myself , and being in the customer service industry , imo , they should think about who represents the first impression ... no reason to return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "perfect environment for a team or coach player . the facility is new and well kept . the owner is easy to work with and always willing to reserve a cage or accomodate us in any way we ask . they have some of the best private coaches for both softball and baseball in the valley . we bring our softball team here all the time and they are so good to all of the girls , they even provide a free ping pong table to keep the girls entertained while it is not their turn ( that is huge for eight year olds ! ) . i personally bring both my daughters and nephews here often . the rates are cheap and the machines work great", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband & i ordered chicken fried steak and chicken fried chicken with sawmill gravy . waitress brings the meals out without gravy and said it would be a wait until the gravy came . 9 min later she brought the gravy for our dinner . my meal was n't hot to begin with . 9 min after she put it on the table it was cold . on the way out , the manager was standing right there so i told him what happened . he apologized and took $ 1.99 off the bill . are you kidding ? he was $ 1.99 sorry they thoroughly messed up our meal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time being there after having heard of so many good things about this place ! i liked how the first section of this store has many farm country style stuff to sell . i would totally love to spend a whole day there buying stuff . when you walk inside , there 's the dining section . the interior decor was very country style with many old pictures and stuff on the wall . i ordered the rib eye and it was very well done ! thumbs up ! my bf ordered the home style fried chicken - he liked it , i thought it was ok. our waitress was very friendly as well . highly recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cracker barrel is one of my favorite places to grab dinner from if it 's been a hectic day . the customer service is always very friendly and helpful . i would recommend this chain if you enjoy casual eating placed in a comfy country themed dinning setting . the food is always very well done and as for pricing it wo n't make your wallet feel too bad either ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love eating breakfast here , me and my hubby always leave satisfied . the food is great and the prices are reasonable . you got to come and try it if you never ate here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love cracker barrel . they serve good home cooked meals at good prices . i 've had just about everything on the menu except liver and it is all good . the cheese-potatoes and the baked apple are great sides . i like to get there `` grilled '' toast whenever i have breakfast there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "darrahde is no longer there , but we still go in from time to time . i really like their vegetable meal . cabbage , beans and kale . their chicken liver meal with mac & cheese is very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service and great waiters and waitresses every time we come . they know our orders by heart .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good for breakfast . had the skillet special and it was good . server did n't really come around for refills till we were finished eating , but was pleasant . the food did come out quickly and was hot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "some of the guys in there know what they are talking about and some just do n't have a clue . it really depends on who you talk to . place is old and has no a c. they have services that other parts stores do n't .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best quality parts in town . john , glen and byard are equally genius . i had major scare with a transmission in one of my late model trucks and they found me a rebuilt one after much searching , but then using good-ol-boy wisdom they directed me to try a 13dollar bottle of seafoam for transmissions . a hundred miles of driving later it freed the sticking valve and i saved nearly 3000 . they will teach you and talk to you . also very friendly guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great parts store ! these guys know they 're stuff and parts are usually readily available .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dont bother with the `` patio '' it is nothing to enjoy . as for the indoors , it has a very friendly pub feel . also the staff are very friendly . i only wish the food was more consistently good . one time we go in there , it is great , the next time we go , it is sub-par . pretty much a hit or miss with this place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "like to watch the football sat mornings got there a little before opening and was let in and served coffee while i watched a match ordered a plate of wings and had a guinness for lunch ( they pour a great guinness ) like my wings hot and these had good heat but had great flavour , not burn your head off sauce the server an older lady they called `` dee '' was a seasoned vet treated everyone there like family in fact the group of folks there were very friendly and though i do n't live too close , i will make the trek to catch a match when i can !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to work in the area and went to willie stouts a few times over the past two years . the place has standard pub fare with an updated menu and seating arrangement which works well . the place is clean , has ample seating , sports on mostly ( great during boxing championships or hockey playoffs ) and is a bit dim even for a sports bar . the people here really make it shine , great friendly staff have no trouble with dine in or takeout orders and they 're really good about making accommodations and substitutions . food is hit and miss , from standard pub fare to really tasty bbq and wraps , there should be something to please everyone . if you get the standard stuff do n't get your hopes up , but when you get some of the signature items it ends up being a much better experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "from the outside , this reminds me of the pubs visited by corrupt villains in the movies . it has the grimiest exterior ! i could go on with explicit metaphors but do not want to be sued for libel ! as you can see , i have not outgrown my foolish , childish pop culture imagination . but i am not against checking places out . and i went there . with work friends . it was such a lovely time ! ok , so back to the actual pub . this place is a long , inside box ! there 's the bar section with tables . if you continue walking past a small hallway on the right side , you enter a pool room and family room table setting ! so i joined the gang for the predictable green beer . the rolling rock hit the spot . the nachos were edible , but for a platter , they seemed mighty medium sized ! the company was amazing ! but the service was slow . considering the day , i am neither upset not surprised .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after driving by this place regularly , we finally made it a destination for an early sunday dinner . i was disappointed . we were going to share a dinner of assorted appetizers , but could n't get past the very overcooked ( just short of burnt ) chicken nachos . i 'll call it an 'un-appetizer ' because our meal ended there . i understand that it used to be the phoenix & firkin , and it looks like it . the decor was familiar and the service was good but , based on my one-time experience , i can only recommend this place as a watering hole , not a feeding station . ( as a side note : i do n't understand how a reviewer can call their food 'mediocre ' and still give them 4 stars . )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "typical pub . food okay . pretty dim , not very lively . service was friendly . has the trivia games which those siting at the bar are typically playing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty good place . if it was n't for an appointment upstairs i might have not come here . had their guacamole bacon angus burger and was satisfied with it . service was great and everything came hot ! more than likely will come back if the opportunity arises", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for a 10 minute stumble ( i mean walk ) , this pub is pretty stellar old school british with the red felt chairs . awesome food no matter what you order . their back ribs are way better than some cruddy rib fest in the middle of no where . good selection of beer including my fave rickards white . ca n't lose here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst experience ever at this pub . got the wing order wrong and both the wings and fries were cold , sent it back , the wing order was right but they were cold and the fries were luke warm , sent it back again fresh hot wings , but the sauce was wrong and the fries were cold again . no manager on duty , the bill from someone else 's table was brought to us . so we sent it back and then they brought the full bill . this surprised me because we 've been there before without an issue . left my name and number because there was no manager to speak to tonight . ended up paying for only our alcohol because we refused to pay for our meal with this crappy service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here again last friday . this is my fourth visit i think and i have n't been let down yet . service can be a tad slow on nights when there is sporting event going on but overall they are pretty good . if you come to watch a game it might be a good idea to call and book reservations or else you get seated in the back . not really a bad thing but sometimes the music can be loud back there . we always get calamari & wings , have never been disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very friendly and knowledgeable vape shop . will treat you like family from the first time . love the extensive amount of juices available and that they are always looking to get more stock . they are always glad to see customers . even if all you do is come in , try samples , and bs without actually buying anything . they also throw great vape events .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite vape shop in the goodyear-avondale area . to be honest in the phoenix metro area . i have one other shop i go to , however this is a gk review . their prices for more , tanks etc are awesome . as well as the juice selection is 2nd to none . they carry my fave bwb that 's only $ 25 for a 120 ml . bomb . the staff are pretty cool , if you like chilling while you vape , hang here . 5 star definetly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome shop ! gk has everything you need . the staff are friendly and knowledgable and willing to help find what you want for the best prices and highest quality . the plethora of great juice choices is reason enough to give this place a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the worst experiences i have had . terrible customer service , terrible work done on my shoes , terrible attitude , terrible hours . please do yourself a favour and read the multiple reviews on google that accurately describe this place . i 'm not sure if anglophones are treated differently here ? it seems that the english reviews are very negative and the french reviews are quite good ? just a guess , a weird pattern . good luck with your belongings if you choose to come here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this pet club location ! i recommend this place if you want high quality food for your pets . the staff is really friendly here and customer service is excellent . they really help you one on one with questions you might have and they know their stuff ! they have been a great help for my little pups ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here today for the first time looking for a more natural pet food to incorporate in my cats normal diet . the young guy was helpful . i bought several brands to try but very impressed with almo nature . i got the salmon and carrots and the chicken and pumpkin..guess what ? the only ingredients are the ones i just mentioned with a bit of water sufficient for cooking . when i got home i gave my cat the salmon and carrots . he has n't eaten that fast ever . safe to say he liked it . awesome place if you 're looking for more natural ingredient pet food than what petsmart and petco have to offer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for a place to buy high quality pet food at very good prices then look no further , friendly staff , clean store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought some nutro dog food from this location a while ago and had transitioned my dog onto it only to find out a couple weeks into her being on it she was n't doing well on it at all . so i called the store and asked if i could get a refund , it was only a week past the 30 day guarantee and i had some food left over and they said all they could do was exchange it , but they did n't even carry the food i had switched her to so i was out $ 50 . i work retail and would have made an exception one time , but that 's just me . i wo n't be shopping at that location again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i shop here quite frequently for pet food , toys , beds , etc . we purchase blue buffalo dry dog and cat food and every tenth bag of each kind is free at pet club ! the staff is always friendly and helpful . i have a small dog that is prone to seizures that i must feed medicine twice a day to . we used to use blue buffalo canned food to put his pills in but we noticed it was decaying his teeth quite a bit . my husband explained this to an employee at this pet club and he suggested we try an oatmeal type brand called embark . my dog tried it once and was hooked . he seems to enjoy it more than what we were previously providing him . the employees here are always willing to answer questions and provide useful information . they all seem to have excellent customer service skills at this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! always a friendly staff and they are very involved in facilitating pet adoptions . they have great food and treat options for your pets . i buy earthborn for my two dogs and cats . they have a buy 10 bags , get 1 free at this location . i was also impressed with the prices . in most cases , they are less expensive than petsmart when comparing the same or similiar products . i am loyal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for lunch ordered combination bento sushi , sashimi and maki ordered also an eal roll ( unagi ) which was excellent miso soup was very tasty - well above your average miso soup all sashimi and sushi were very fresh the solomon and tuna sashimi were served chilled as you would expect good food - nice place definitely will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lovely management and fresh food . 10 10 samantha 's comment is invalid as all of her other reviews are bashing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i disagree with the good reviews - the place smells like bad fish , the floors and cutlery are dirty and the staff is rude . went in once , was put off by the rude staff and the smell . wo n't go back . gross !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very friendly service , great selection of sashimi , nigiri , sushi rolls and hand rolls , bento box and appetizers . lunch special is available for a great price- bento box including rice + choice of main course + sushi + salad + glass noodles + soup for $ 10 . signature rolls are very delicious and come at a fair price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "top notch , fresh sushi with wonderful service and beer on the menu from the local micro brewery .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i dislike fish but got a wild hair today and decided to drive out to have some sushi . to my surprise i loved it ! fresh ingredients with great flavour , nice relaxed clean atmosphere with great service . i would recommend this to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst pedicure ever ! ! the guy that did my pedicure , did not even do all of the items listed in my package without me nagging him . he rushed through everything . everything that he did do was halfhearted and distracted . when i pointed out that he forgot the lotion massage and hot towel , he just flopped the hot towel over my legs after he finished painting my toenails . then , walked away and started on another lady . so i continued to wait so that i could point out that i got no lotion massage . at that point , he halfheartedly rubbed my legs ... avoiding my feet because of the nail polish . really ? ! this was very awkward because i could tell he was annoyed . i came for the massage which is why i bought a more expensive package . i highly recommend going elsewhere if you want a good pedicure or at least want to get what you pay for without feeling like you 're begging or bother someone . this certainly was n't relaxing . first time there , and i will never go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nails up salon & spa is the absolute worst ! i went in for a french manicure on saturday and by monday the nail polished had chipped away so bad that it looked like i ran my fingers through a grater ! i went in and spoke to the owner and showed her my nails and she refused to do them over and gave me the excuse `` french manicure does n't last long on real nails . sorry '' and would not redo them . they will never get my business again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is okay . i have been here several times and every time the experience is different depending on who you get to do your nails pedicure eyebrows . some are better than others . sometimes i have to wait a long time despite there being nobody there . sometimes they do exxtra sometimes they dont . lots of other salons offer drinks , use paraffin etc with their base price that is the same as this salon 's yet this salon doesnt do as much . just the basics . very nice people though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing experience today ! my nails were awesome and they recommended the best plan for me because i 'm a nailbiter and trying not to be . super nice and new management !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this place ! i have tried every place around highlight creek and this one is by far my favorite . only because i lucked out w their best technician . pamela . she did an amazing job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nails were done horribly and the man was rude . i asked what they were using on my nails cause i explained to him i only use gel . i notice the powder looked different so i asked the other gentleman what it was he said acrylic then when i said i wanted gel that said no it was gel he was very deceitful tried to charge me a higher price then the polish was not done correctly he added like 6 coats now i have to pay to get them down over he ask me not to return . i was more than calm about the situation and he was very rude.. service is horrible and they do n't know how to do nails 6 coats of gel polish is ridiculous : i will never go back to nails up", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my daughter & i had pedicures there sat & really enjoyed it . it was a real treat & i did n't feel rushed . we will definitely go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this salon ! i 've been consistently getting my manicures and pedicures here for about a year . the girls who give the services are sweet , adoring , and thorough . every time i leave ecstatic with the results and their prices are very reasonable . thank you for taking excellent care of me , i can assure you , you will be over satisfied as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in for a full set and gel polish . the tips are not shaped and thick . i did nails for years and just moved here and o even tried to talk her through the correction . they look like they were done in a training school.. the worst set i 've ever had . also had eyebrow wax . they are not even even . save your money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awful ! small places hire just anyone to be an eyebrow wax person they do the minimal they can when it comes to waxing your brows i paid $ 10 for them to put wax in my hair and to get like three eyebrow hairs taken off .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just bought my first house and the house had no landscaping . lobos landscaping helped me design my dream front yard . now i have beautiful shrubs and trees when i look outside my window .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great quality work , & also very affordable prices totally recommend them for any landscape job . from maintenance to clean up etc . give them a call !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lobos keeps our grass high and tight . they are way on top of our weeds . even the irrigation is serviced ! i love these guys . occasionally , they have some great ideas and we go for it . our landscaping timing is always adjusted properly and they come early if we have a need . great service . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prepare to get a bill in the mail no matter how good your insurance coverage , even for preventive services . i got one after my last cleaning when it was supposed to be 100 % covered . be sure you ask for an estimate well before your appointment and follow up with them if you do n't receive it . i ask for one but never got it . a few days before my appointment i asked again but only got accuses . they said they needed three weeks to get one and blamed the insurance company . i learned the hard way . i do not recommend this dentist office !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr kostial and his team are truly amazing . very patient , kind and gentle i have n't seen dentist in way too long and they do n't make you feel bad . they get to work and start helping you create the smile you deserve i would highly recommend them", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to dr. kostial for aver 30 years and would n't go anywhere else . dr. kostial is highly educated from columbia university new york . he treats his patients with the kind of care you would wish from a general practitioner . his staff -- hygienist , joni -- gentle , skilled , kind ; and tiki always warm and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'll start by saying in the past few years due to relocating , we have been through a few dentist offices .. also , i will add that i have had a long list of dental visits in my life .. braces , 4 teeth pulled , wisdom teeth pulled and a root canal . with that being said , i 've had some good experiences and some terrible ones ... this one was amazing.. i truly felt a huge difference after my cleaning , i also had little discomfort during the exam or x-rays .. there was an incredible level of professionalism and kindness .. my teeth look and feel fantastic and i have finally found an amazing dental office that i can trust and that takes the stress and anxiety out of the visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved here from out of state . i went in to dr. guzman for a simple cleaning . ( i have my teeth cleaned every six months . ) dr. guzman seemed like a good guy . however , his office over billed me . they performed services that i did not request and that the insurance company will not pay for . they added many surprise charges to my bill . dr. guzman 's office also had me pay for services that my insurance company 's schedule of benefits list as `` no charge '' . i have spent hours on the phone with dr. guzman 's office but they refuse to work with me on it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr kelly and his team are amazing ! from the second you walk in all you see are smiles and good , friendly people . everything about the office is welcoming and i 've never felt pressured about getting anything done . they are informative and they made everything so easy for me to understand . i love this office so much that i 'm sending all my family and friends there . if you want nice people working on your teeth then go visit . the prices were fair and were sensitive to my dental anxiety .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in 2 weeks ago to get some rates on cleaning . the receptionist asked for my insurance card and phone number to call me back with the pricing . she saw that my spouse was a man . still waiting for that call . sad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr. kelly has been our dentist for many years . he has a wonderful chairside manner ... is honest and very caring !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fabulous practice ! ! dr kovacik and dr smith are great dentist . the staff is very professional warm and friendly . this is a very good dental practice you got ta try it ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "giving it a solid 3.5 stars . this place is like a modern and bright version of the the mascot over on queen west . i think furbo goes well with the distillery district and while i was there all i could think of was that it would make a great venue for a private event , they had a decent wine list and beer available but the overall lack of food was a downer for me , i had a chocolate croissant which i wish i had warmed up but was delicious nonetheless . my latte ( lacking the art ) was not the type of drink i have come to enjoy , just gave that strong bitter taste i 'm not a fan of . my friend also noted her drink was not amazing ( ca n't recall what she got though ) . but everything else in here is very nicely done , nice art to gaze at while seated and funky artsy furniture to sit on enjoying the free wifi . i will definitely be visiting again as this place does have the chance to make it up to that 4 star region .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "caffe furbo is excellent . i love their scones ( and i 'm not a scone lover ) -the ambience is very nice and kevin a great host . the cappuccino is great also-as is the art work and space . i keep coming back ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was happy to find furbo from the always lovely distillery district . i have usually gone to balzac 's but now i will be going to furbo too ! i loved the decor , very cool furniture , good ambiance overall . the tea selection was great and the coffees seemed to work well too ( did n't taste those myself but my partner did ) . next time i will have to try some of the paninis , maybe with a glass of wine ... i found free seats from here as balzac 's was very crowded at the same time . i think i will be coming straight here the next time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "another lovely cafe in the distillery - love the arty , cool interior and friendly service . hope to be back soon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place , always go here for lunch when i 'm in the distillery . usually go for whatever soup they have on with a panini ( chicken pesto today ) . great service and relaxing spot to hang out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really great coffee and tea selections - you can even add a shot of baileys for hair of the dog : ) very good service . i think it would be a super cute date spot - it 's a bit tucked in away from all the madness of the distillery .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best americano i 've ever tasted . for sure . he pulls shots lightning fast . i can totally see how others may have been bothered by the male owners `` flashy bravado '' ( perfect descriptive ) ... so long as he he keeps it down i 'm totally fine with it haha . the eccentricity can even be a little endearing . but not when i 'm tired : ( be careful on those white seats ! the one i 'm currently on is super wobbly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the ambiance of this place . it 's like an art gallery turned into a caffe with expose wooden beams and brick walls with amazing hott goods along with desserts and coffee . they also have almond milk option for the lactose intolerants . i tried their lentil mediterranean soup along with a latte and it was really delicious . in the midst of caf\u00e9s at distillery this one is a hidden gem ! i will be back here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service here is excellent ! the owner was kind to ask us what we wanted and specially crafted our coffee hot chocolate to fix our mid day slump . this guy knows his stuff ! best baileys and coffee i 've had in awhile . the place is super modern and chic inside with interesting and unique art installations . the prices are good and - although i did n't try the food - it looked excellent ( smelled good too ) ! come here while you 're passing through the distillery district !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful space and the menu looks good . we just had drinks there and sat inside to cool off on a hot day . the gentleman working there was knowledgeable and friendly . free wifi for paying customers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "two very pretty and friendly girls served me ... and were happy to make a great custom iced espresso drink for me . they were a lot of fun to deal with , no attitude and i look forward to going back , thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love my macchiatos and was really pleased here ! the price was fair , offered cups to stay vs. assuming i wanted to waste paper to go , and i enjoyed the artwork on the walls . ( is that sexy orange and blue bike always there or just this time ? )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in looking for drip coffee , the guy at the counter suggested americana ... it was incredible . not to mention the guy making the coffee enhanced my experience ... all around fantastic", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a coffee shop that does n't serve drip coffee ? really ? this place has been open for so many years yet refuses to offer drip coffee . luckily two new shops in the area have just opened up to meet the needs of customers : arvo and arena . word of advice to the owner : evolve or remain irrelevant . these two new shops are here to stay and steal your sales . no idea why you do n't offer drip . it 's a no brainier . it 's canada not italy . conform to your customers , not the other way around .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "step in and feel like you 're transported to italy ! great espresso and you can even grab some beer too : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great coffee ! good food . they 're friendly . i 've always felt the distillery is too touristy but , this is where i 'd go for coffee when here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "garbage americanos -- bitter and served in a & $ @ # % ing glass ( when are these pretentious coffee shops going to get it through their thick skulls not to serve hot liquids in handle-less glassware ? ! ? ) `` oh , '' says the clueless counter girl , '' would you like that in a paper cup instead ? '' yes , please , i 'd like to retain my fingerprints thank you very much . ham and brie sandwich is decent . decor is cool . but i wo n't be coming back here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "why get half decent coffee with so many options around ? this place is all show , and does not offer a great product . the girl behind the counter is beautiful , but doesnt know the difference between an espresso and a cappuccino . the guy making the drinks ( owner ? ) is all flash and bravado , but cant really steam milk to save his life . if you want to see classic eames furniture and have badly brewed espresso than this is the place for you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just received a message from the owner of the kingsway theatre : `` go fu k yourself you pos troll cu t coward . '' just thought i 'd share that , so everybody will know what kind of upstanding and professional individual runs the kingsway theatre .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love it that you can walk to the kingsway and watch a movie and then be able to shop or dine without all the noise and traffic at a big box cinema . i do n't mind paying the $ 13 for a movie or $ 6+ for a popcorn , i have been conditioned for this to enjoy the experience . but to charge the big dollars and get stale popcorn that was made yesterday and be dropped back into the 60 's with picture quality of an old zenith colour tv , the sound of a transistor radio and the chilling temp of the air conditioning this experience left me cold , literally .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "terrific old marquee.. numerous fond memories from the 90 's and on ... recent upgrades ( sound , picture ) are appreciated , the size has been diminished ; does n't have that big spacious feel anymore ( went to see bad grandpa recently ) . if you go ; do n't sit on the side with the humongous hanging heater ; near back on right side when you enter ; kids and i had to move , could n't hear dialogue over the 'annoyance ' and loudness of this monster.. i would return and hope others do as well ; special for a city to retain it 's rep theatres.. long live the kingsway !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "disorganized & unprofessional , but they did play blade runner , so where else are going to go ? when i called ahead of the w a question the man acted like i was an idiot . after buying my ticket & heading in a man chased me down impatiently because they had n't told me the previous film was running late . there was huge scaffolding left next to the screen - kind of weird . the chairs were sinky & squeaky . and our tickets were $ 15 . but they did run blade runner so ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went there with my cousin and my aunt to watch a japanese movie called tampopo , it was the only place that was showing the movie really enjoyed the place real comfortable seating very good place to just relax with a little cafe on the side you can get refills on the popcorn and the drinks plus they gave beer and wine", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible experience . no outside food - so we put our food away . no bags allowed in theatre- but it was my friends purse . refused to allow purse in theatre - my friend put it in the car . then without explanation told is the theatre was closed and we had to leave . asked to speak to manager - told the manager does not speak to the public . got our money back and after i complained to the attendant she said i 'm only doing this for the $ 100 ... bizarre .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "uuhhggg ... water heater exploded ... well not exactly exploded , but the back seam split . 100 's of gallons of water drained out of my garage as i was sleeping peacefully in my bed . hop in the shower and find very little hot water ... wife comes in and yells to turn off the water because the garage was full of water . i called jeremy and he quickly got the ball rolling . he gave me a phone number to call to get the flood people out to start drying the house . before he got off the phone with me , he already had the insurance end approved and ready for work to start ! jeremy 's team has been good to me for the past 7 or 8 years now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we switched to this agent after having serious problems with another ( not a good situation ! ) . what a relief ! i knew we had a bad agent before , but i did n't realize how bad we were being raked over the coals until dealing with jeremy and his staff . phew ! we trust him , he always responds to calls , he is friendly and so is his staff . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been nothing but impressed from our first interaction with jeremy and his office . when we purchased our home , jeremy was recommended by a friend . jeremy was thorough in his communication and delivered on everything he said he would do for us . we were so impressed we moved all of our coverage to him . recently we had some plumbing issues in our home that caused a bit of a disruption . he was genuinely concerned about our issue and personally helped us every step of the way to resolve . i am in a customer service job for my profession and jeremy exemplifies the term `` customer service '' . we highly recommend jeremy to anyone looking for a great insurance agent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been working with jeremy for a few years now and i would not switch to anyone else ! even recently moving to a different state , we have kept all of our policies with him . he is so friendly and responds so quickly to any and all of our questions or needs . his staff is the same way , extremely helpful and friendly . highly recommend jeremy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jeremy is a great agent . his office is always on the ball . they have answered all of my questions and are always helpful and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "off to an amazing start . what a great office . i called in for a quote and everyone was so friendly . they were right on top of things , getting me all the information i needed right away , and helped me fix up some issues.they gave me a better price with better coverage . does n't get better than that . good customer service goes a long way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been in the insurance business for 30 years and have had a number of agents through the years . jeremy is the best agent i 've ever had . he is upfront and knowledgeable . after i had to transfer my policies to a new agent , jeremy was my choice . most would have accepted the transfer and leave the business alone . jeremy took the time to review all of my policies and suggested some changes with my life policies which increased the amount but dropped the monthly premium . jeremy has an excellent staff . all are very professional and approachable . when i need to speak to jeremy he 's available and responsive . my questions are answered and in the rare times he can not provide an answer he will contact me the next day and cover the topic for me . it is refreshing to have an agent that sees you as a person and not just a customer . i could n't be more pleased with the service provided . jeremy has earned my highest recommendation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just switched insurance and could not be more pleased with jeremy and his staff , thank you for making this a hassle free switch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jeremy is a excellent insurance agent . any time i have any questions i always know i can call his office and i will be taken care of . it feels like im dealing with a friend . i have been insured under jeremy for years and could n't imagine being insured anywhere else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jeremy mueller at state farm in phoenix , arizona is not only knowledgeable and professional , but he is also very quick getting back with answers to questions and changes to our various policies with him . we have been very impressed ! definitely the best insurance agent we have ever worked with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "contacted jeremy mueller 's state farm agency to get quotes for our auto , home and umbrella coverages just to see if we could get better coverage for the same or less price than our existing coverage and was very surprised that jeremy 's pricing and coverage were indeed better . jeremy took care of everything and helped us decide what coverage we really needed now that we moved to arizona . jeremy was very knowledgeable and answered all of our questions and gave us great tips . the whole change process was hassle free and so much better than i had imagined . we left our meeting with jeremy feeling like we were a valuable customer . highly recommend this agency .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jeremy and his staff are wonderful people to work with . anytime i have needed anything they are always on top of it and quick to help . i would recommend them to anyone who is looking at saving money on insurance . they are very thorough and take the time to explain your policy so you are confident you are getting the best insurance possible . i 've been with jeremy for almost 5 years and had my first claim and his staff went above and beyond to take care of me during the claims process . if you want an agent who takes care of you when you need them i would without a doubt recommend his agency !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far so good ! just started working with jeremy muellers agency and everything has been great ! quick follow ups , very friendly and knowledgeable staff ! highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been a state farm customer for 25 years and worked with several agents , and jeremy and his team have been the best . for the past 7+ years , he handled our home , auto , and renters insurance . every time i called or emailed with a question , i received a response within an hour -- even if it was something i could have probably researched on my own , his team was always willing to respond and help me understand the various policies . we just moved out of state , but if we could take this team with us , we would !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called jeremy mueller 's office today to request a quote on home , auto & umbrella coverage . the conversation with the person answering the phone was difficult because she concluded that since i 'm currently insured by metlife , i must be shopping for life insurance . after repeating the coverages i need , i was told that somebody would be getting back to me in a few minutes . now more than 5 hours have passed and i 've received no call . time 's up . update : the owner of the agency contacted me and explained that there was a new employee involved and that things just did n't work the way they should have . i appreciated his call and accepted his apology . no hard feelings . it 's clear that his desire is to do the best job he can for his clients .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "jeremy 's entire team is absolutely wonderful . personable and the ultimate professionals . especially want to mention chris d'annunzio who helped us with our first car loan through state farm bank . the loan process was simple and the rates very competitive . when we ran into some challenges with the purchase at the dealership , chris stepped up and went above and beyond to get back to us quickly . we are happy to say that state farm provides our car , home , and umbrella polices - and now our car loan . thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so impressed with jeremy 's office and how quickly and efficiently they handled our claim . he was so helpful and got us through the process . the adjuster and stae farm approved contractor have also been great . the customer service was wonderful , and i highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was n't in the market for new insurance but after jeremy explained my options with state farm . his spirit of teaching i received great answers and made me feel confident in my decision . i have peace of mind thanks to jeremy mueller with state farm", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious sandwich . disappointing service . very disappointing experience . the ticket was about $ 3 more than i mentally added up because of up added charges . extra $ for the 7 grain bread , extra $ for cheese , extra because they charged both sandwiches for avocado when it was only on one sandwich . there are too many other great restaurant choices for sandwiches . i do n't like feeling tricked . buy local ... better ideas .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst experience of my life . i first called to order a sandwich at 9:00 . 45 minutes later i call and they lost my address and my phone number . when i went ahead and told them my address , they still got `` lost '' and the girl tried to call me . i never received any calls . then the manager ( peter kimball ) called and he said that the employee could n't find my address . this is even after i gave them directions to my apartment . he showed up 15 min later with a sandwich that had obviously been sitting out . i threw it away when i took the first bite . i hope they see this and take action . this was one of the worst experiences that i have had . they really need to get their act together . in two days when the store manager is in , i will give him a call but tomorrow i 'm going to call corporate . i should have read the reviews , this place sucks . take your money elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i always get the beach club and have great service plus it 's always done in about 2 or 3 mins . i come here atleast once a week or more and have n't had one bad experience . i also love to buy yesterday 's bread !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been ordering delivery from this location since i moved to tempe 3 years ago . never once have i had a bad experience , or a rude encounter by staff . everyone is always friendly and efficient and of course the unwhich is always on point !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are awesome ! they always deliver my food right away to me and it has always been correct . it 's especially convenient to order online when i get super busy at work and do n't have time to go out and get a meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very rude driver . it was late . he pulled up blaring music . made a rude comment . maybe he should be more professional or get out of customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "drove there to pick up sandwiches for the office . got to the office and they got the order wrong . called to let them know and my secretary drove back over . they acted like she was inconveniencing them , no `` we 're sorry , '' let alone even an offer of a free bag of chips or a drink . disappointed . shows poor management , training , lack of true customer service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fast service . friendly people . it 's an ok deal . very close to my work so it 's a matter of convenience . i always get the vito . and tea .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "solid sandwiches and fast service . great to get in and out with a group . go with the beach club , tasty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i go to jimmy johns because it 's quick , cheap and usually fairly decent and let 's be honest , better than subway . very disappointed with my sandwich today . i got a 4.99 sub and asked for extra avocado . they over charged me for two extra avocados and on top of that it had so little avocado on it that i could taste it . mean less to say i got an over priced tasteless sub . see my photos if you think i 'm kidding .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i guess when you rate a certain place in vegas , it all really depends on how much fun you had and your experience with your friends . i loved that place ! i had such a good time . we got their at 11 , and that night for girls.. it was free drinks till 12. and sooo i had many . it was a saturday night . there were lots of people . i went to that location when it used to be tangerine.. but i think it looks better now , and theres more people . theres a small , tiny outdoor area , with an outdoor bar . the bartenders were great . the music that night was , i forget , but they have a good-sized dance floor . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "audigier is a cross between tangerine on steroids and the red room at pure . the multi million make over was a much needed face lift for a nightclub named after a fruit . all the orange furniture has been removed and replaced with alligator couches , 2 stripper poles and a massive jelly fish tank along the back wall . tony rossi replaced the tangerine mojito with his most recent creation ... .crystal rock lemonade ... wich can only be described as an explosion in your mouth . house of audigier goes down every thursday with special guest dj 's while celebrity host take center stage on friday and saturday nights . however , audigier sunday 's are the best night of the week and have quickly become the hottest industry night in las vegas . if you are worried about waiting in line either get there early or contact me at www.prestonrideout.com and i will put you down on my guest list for free admission without having to wait in line .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to many a club and this one ranks at the very bottom . i ca n't even put into words how much i dislike this place . and it 's not from one single experience , i 've tried this club 3 times ! why ? ? ? pros : 1 . it was located in my hotel 2 . it was free 3 . did i mention it was located in my hotel ? cons : 1 . tiny 2 . dj sucked 3. empty ( where 's the promoter when you need him ? ) 4 . drinks were watered down . i understand they 're expensive , it is vegas . 5 . ed hardy i guess this just is n't the place for me . i 'm into the big crowds and this is n't the place you 'll find em .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ca n't hate on it because we had a great time , it was n't disgustingly crowded , we got free drink wristbands and entrance , the d.j music was definitely off the hook and the staff was n't rude . i did n't see anything really `` audiger '' -ish other than the waitresses , barbacks , and bartenders wearing ed-hardy shirts . if you do n't want to wait in line , do n't want drama , go here . if you want to party like you own the world go to xs at encore .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we were able to get in free because we were staying at ti , but it was pretty empty around midnight . music was ok , definitely an older crowd than what i 'm used to since i 'm only 21 . the dance floor was pretty small though . i did like that there was a patio area which is nice when you are getting too warm from dancing . i 'm thinking it might have just been an off weekend , but i 'd like to go again when its more crowded .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just stopped into this place as it was around the corner from our hotel in haymarket . my wifey was sick with a cold and we needed some chicken soup ! we live in california which has a large vietnamese population , so we love to eat pho on a regular basis . this place had some of the best we 've ever eaten ! who would 've expected this on some random street in scotland ! ? ! the owner is super friendly and she recommended the fishcake pho , as this was a recipe she learned from her mother and grandmother in north vietnam- it did not disappoint . like nothing i 've ever tasted before : bursting with flavor , a clear broth and piled high with fresh green onions and cilantro . give this place try : bright , art-filled interior , and wonderful , authentic food . the perfect place to be transported to on a cold , rainy autumn afternoon : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place , a cozy place near haymarket , the coffee and food is so delicous . the owner is really friendly . my bro and me had a great time here . highly recommended with an original taste of coffee in a quiet and relaxing shop . the owner also have a great selection of art display and for sale . will be back for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "guter club preise angemessenen , doch leiser meistens sehr voll und die toiletten sehen aus wie sau", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bin letzten mittwoch zum ersten mal dort gewesen und bin fasziniert ! gibt doch noch l\u00e4den in stuttgart neben dem proton die guten hip-hop spielen und ich hab echt hohe anspr\u00fcche was das betrifft : ) schlange war \u00fcberschaulich , der eintritt mit 8eur voll in ordnung und das personal am eingang gut gelaunt . unpassend angezogene leute werden aussortiert , so wie es sich geh\u00f6rt . gaderobe sowie bars sind mit aufgeweckten leute besetzt und auch hier sind die preise absolut gerechtfertigt . der club war den abend durch gut gef\u00fcllt , aber nicht erdr\u00fcckend voll und die stimmung mehr als positiv . gelegentlich werden sich hier dancebattles geliefern , was sehr f\u00fcr die qualit\u00e4t des publikums spricht . auch wird an den bars nicht gedr\u00e4ngelt und die \u00fcblichen dr\u00fcckereien beim tanzen bleiben aus , da wie gesagt am eingang kr\u00e4ftig aussortiert wird und pusher + loser drau\u00dfen bleiben . die luft wird auch nach ein paar stunden nicht stickig , obwohl auch drinnen geraucht werden darf . davon k\u00f6nnten sich einige clubs , selbst in stuttgart , was abschneiden . richtig l\u00e4ssiger abend , gute musik und entspannte atmosph\u00e4re . ganz gro\u00dfe empfehlung !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "einer meiner lieblingsclubs f\u00fcr elektronische musik in stuttgart . wer auf techno und \u00e4hnliches steht , wird hier gl\u00fccklich werden . eintrittspreise sind vern\u00fcnftig , ebenso die t\u00fcrpolitik . immer wieder gern !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "zwar immer sehr hei\u00df und eng , wenn ein bekannter dj auflegt , jedoch lohnt es sich jedes mal ! super publikum und super club !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ist eine kurze hose ein grund einen nicht rein zu lassen ? ne tut mir leid aber sowas geht nicht !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was macht diese romy so stark ? anmut , sch\u00f6nheit , ausdauer , konstanz , langer atem , dicke puste . unsere powerfrau ist der beste beweis , wie man auch in scheinbar schwierigen zeiten und auch mit elektronischer musik , die ja angeblich \u00fcberhaupt kein gar kein schwein mehr h\u00f6ren will , im stuttgarter nightlife partyfeel und qualit\u00e4t vereinen kann . mit balls in der hose immer sch\u00f6n am ball bleiben ist die devise . so genug betriebsgeheimnisse verraten , sollen die anderen doch alle drei monate ihr programm \u00e4ndern , wir freuen uns auf die n\u00e4chsten drei monate im romy , weil die werden bombe . im november unter anderem mit moonbootica , barem , guy gerber , paul kalkbrenner oder christian fischer . das liegt nat\u00fcrlich vor allem unsere treuen g\u00e4ste . als andere noch m\u00fcde gel\u00e4chelt haben , war es ein kleine gruppe vom leuten , die wochenende f\u00fcr wochenende zu uns gekommen sind und uns vom ersten tag an unterst\u00fctz haben . daf\u00fcr wollen wir uns herzlich bedanken . ihr k\u00f6nnt euch sicher sein : diese romy nimmt sich nicht das leben .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sehr cooler club wenn man richtig party machen m\u00f6chte . das video von oben finde ich bringt es schon gut r\u00fcber . es ist auch ein sehr sch\u00f6nes publikum dort im club . da die t\u00fcrsteher schon drauf achten was f\u00fcr leute rein kommen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mein absoluter lieblingsclub in stuttgart und das nicht nur wegen der tendenz zur elektronischen musik sondern einfach auch das drumherum , wie z.b . die gestaltung und das publikum ! einfach top !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "man kann eigentlich gar nicht so viel zum romy sagen , au\u00dfer vielleicht da man sein herz an diesen club verliert wenn man einmal da war . wirklich einer der geilsten clubs in stuttgart an der man es erleben kann das der chef noch selbst die getr\u00e4nke ausgibt ... und der ist nicht sparsam mit dem guten zeug ; - ) video link : http : de.youtube.com watch ? v=a62uy7dxj2a", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband suggested coming here when we started talking about getting bikes . i was pretty excited to check it out . there was a sign in the front starting something to the effect that their bike inventory changes daily . i must have caught them on an off day . oh well , more reason to go back . tons of office equipment ... chairs , huge desks , filling cabinets . they had a lot of computer monitors and some new in box printers . i do n't know a thing about computers but i would n't really trust buying one from here . that 's just me though . if you buy something and do n't have the means to get it home you have 7 days to pick it up , which is nice . they also have auctions .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here off and on for the better part of twenty years . hit or miss for sure ... . but certainly a great place to pick up a bike if you need one , misc office supplies and computer cords and the like . the workers here have always been ok to deal with , but sure never excited about customer service , overly friendly out helpful . maybe they receive instructions to be this way from the seasoned guys when they start , send to be the only explanation i can think of . : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like the idea of this place more than the actual place . in theory they could have apple computers at steep discounts and furniture mad cheap that the university does n't need anymore that i could possibly give a second life . unfortunately the stuff they do n't need is normally old dell computers , old mac 's and about 1000 file cabinets . so most the time its crap , but when a dept gets in some cash they update computers and stuff so if you lucky at random times throughout the year you can get an intel imac for under 600 dollars which is n't bad at all or you can get a bike that is left in the bike racks on campus for between 50-75 which is actually really good ! if you need a cheap bike in pretty good shape def hit this place up otherwise its really hit and miss . i 'm glad it exists i just wish there was more cool stuff all the time ... that being said i 'll drop by this week sometime again either way .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are even thinking of buying a computer , i 've lowered it to one star . i just gave up on the apple computer i bought here . one problem after another , i finally gave up when it kept crashing every two to three minutes . i put on the most expensive virus system possible . nothing helps this machine i was sold . end result is i am junking the thing . buy furniture here , buy office supplies . buy a computer ... never .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have found some great deals here , including a bike in good condition for $ 35.00 . also some decent office furniture . last two times i went to get office furniture all the decent looking stuff had a $ 5.00 price tag and was `` sold '' to someone named samantha . interesting how this same person keeps getting there to get all the nice stuff first . however , i drove out there today to get something for my office and they were closed when they were supposed to be open . so stuff wise , you can find great stuff if samantha does n't buy it all first , service wise good if they are open when they say they will be .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a bargain hunter 's paradise . you never know what you 're really going to find , prices are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new location with the same bad customer service , they make customers feel as though they were begging for for food or eating at a soup kitchen .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sure , there are.second cup , starbucks , tim horton and dunkin donuts in le village , but why go to any of them when you can go to la mie matinale ? they have the best croissants this side of paris . the assortment of muffins is wonderful ( poppy seed is my favorite ) . the different breads and pastries are so incredibly good . try a brie and tomato sandwich . and the coffee ! ! ! ! i do n't know where it is from or how they prepare it , but it 's the best coffee in montreal , bar none ! one of my favorite places for breakfast or lunch in a city famous for its food ! do n't miss it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pour \u00eatre tout \u00e0 fait franc , les produits de la mie matinale sont d\u00e9gueulasses . un muffin \u00e0 3.5 $ sec et sans aucune gr\u00e2ce , une baguette de fabrication quelconque , des produits qui ne sont parfois pas m\u00eame frais du jour . le seul point positif est le charme relatif du lieu : mais quand les produits qu'on y sert sont ex\u00e9crables ... marchez 800 m\u00e8tres et rendez-vous \u00e0 l'arrhoma , coin ontario papineau . c'est l'extase garantie et le mod\u00e8le de ce que devrait \u00eatre une boulangerie .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "r\u00e9gis est l'adorable et affable coproprio qui vous r\u00e9serve un accueil des plus surprenants . excellentes omelettes et bon caf\u00e9 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the croissants were wonderful amd great service . i accidentally walked in 20 minutes before it opened and after the person working there checked to make sure the croissants were ready , he sold me two . this was lucky as we were leaving the city before the bakery opened amd we got to have 1 last croissant in montr\u00e9al !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best omelette i 've had in years . i tried several of the different omelettes over a few days . all were superb . the chocolate croissants were also delicious . charming place and the chef worked the register and was helpful on where else to eat in the neighborhood for dinner lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "je suis un tr\u00e8s viel habitu\u00e9 . je fr\u00e9quente l'endroit depuis 1998 ( \u00e0 l'autre adresse ) et ce d\u00e9m\u00e9nagement ( dans un local plus grand et beaucoup mieux d\u00e9cor\u00e9 ) s'est accompagn\u00e9 de nombreuses addition au menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there was a lot of noise from other guests . i tried to make a complaint to the manager on duty , meg brooke . she would not meet to discuss them . bob at the front desk was unresponsive as well . i checked out at 3am to find another place to sleep .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stayed here overnight for a conference meeting . the rooms are spacious , stayed in a room with double queen beds , tv , desk and three piece bathroom . room was clean and well maintained . the gym leaves something to be desired ; the machines are worn and there 's no source of sanitation to wipe machines down . there 's a tv in the `` fitness room '' which is terribly staticky . the front reception desk staff seem bored and sit on their phones all day . the free breakfast is gross ; most food is in bags and placed in holders . everything is served in plastic cups with paper plates and plastic cutlery which is not environmentally friendly . overall , only stayed here because it was paid for by my organization for my meeting but otherwise , i would not go out of my way to book a room to stay here on my personal dollar or time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i travel for work a-lot . i stay in courtyards , hilton gardens and when i have to , holiday inn express . most of the time , the experiences are predictable , affordable and clean . every once in a while , ( like the hgi in indianapolis ) they exceed expectations . this holiday inn express location : basic service . inedible breakfast . flakey wifi ( connections cut every 15m or so ; multiple password requests each day ) . 7am leaf blower ( no leaves ) right out the window , good parking , ok clean small room . 118 $ cdn i will avoid this property next time i am in the area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not much to update , my original review remains relevant 3 years later ! so just read that one . mia this year is that purple hello kitty car . new entry , minions ! .. lol . ( i know how are these qualified as classic cars ? ) late afternoon , early evening still is our favorite time to go . even though it seems busier , there 's still room to walk about . took us around 2 . 5 hours leisurely pace walking from beginning lake mead water st all the way up and back down . just want to stress stay hydrated as in drink water ! sunday 's event awards are at 1 event ends at 3 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a yearly tradition for me to gander at these beautiful cars and trucks from long ago . out of all the cars shows on the strip , boulder and hendo this is the biggest and best . kick off night is on the small scale but saturday is my favorite . they have a ton of events that you can take part in , parking is free . usually they have some great food trucks there so if you want to grab some grub go for it . most of the folks are really down to earth and love to talk with you about their cars . the crowd is pretty tame so no douche bags causing a ruckus so feel free to bring the little ones .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my third year coming . this even is great for families and mostly car fans . the burnouts were great but this year they took long to set up . overall its a must come at least once . great food , entertainment and especially awesome cars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super run is always a great event ! great cars and great people ! shirley b 's review says it all . there is also a kick off party at the district on the day before super run ( thursday ) - not all the cars are displayed there , but the entire mall area is full of cars , and some overflowing into the driveway between the district and green valley ranch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone looking for an amazing , patient , and kind realtor contact bill from xpand realty . he took the time to understand my situation i was in and help me find the perfect home . never was he pushy only sincere and helpful throughout the whole process . i appreciate all the time he dedicated to helping me find a place . i will be using him for all my future moves and recommend him to friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've rented from xpand for 2 years now ... not a good idea ! i had many issues with my dishwasher - each time he sent out a kid that knew nothing about plumbing and asked me for advise . the place needed to be painted , we agreed that they would pay for the paint and i would do the labor . well , 2 yrs later ... still waiting to be reimbursed . there are only a few people that work in the office , so there 's little time for each of them to do their job . super frustrating to work with and they do n't care about anything other than the $ $ !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "working with xpand was truly a positive experience . michelle weaver was the agent who worked with us on looking for a rental . she worked with us to find just what we wanted with the detailed list of specifics we had . michelle put me at ease in the stress of searching for a new place to call home . i appreciated her personable and professional personality throughout the entire process . i would recommend xpand for any real estate needs . this is my go to realty company now : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am working with one of randy hatada 's clients on the financing of three investment properties that xpand realty helped him purchase ( and manage ) 18-24 months ago . all three are in an incredible position from both an investment and cash-flow perspective . randy clearly understands the market and provided this homeowner with great long term , true investment , advice . well done randy and xpand realty !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "xpand was the property manager of a rental house that i rented for over two years . i was very pleased with xpand . randy and his team were always very professional and helpful . the few times i had an issue with the house , they responded quickly and got the problem fixed . they seem to have good integrity and i 'd be happy to do business with them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend xpand realty for all of your property needs . the staff was very professional , courteous , and efficient . in particular , randy hatada was the realtor broker that helped me to make my dream of buying a home a reality . i 've been looking for the perfect house for quite some time and have been really picky in finding it . randy never gave up and had tremendous patience because he was more concerned with helping me find the perfect house rather than just trying to make a sale . when i finally found a house worthy enough to make an offer , he worked with the seller 's realtor to make sure it was a done deal . he foresaw every possible hiccup that could have happened and made sure that it did n't happen . he was always two steps ahead of the game ! he really made home buying such an enjoyable experience . so if you are in the market to buy a house , i highly recommend randy hatada because he will do whatever it takes to ensure you find the perfect home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you everyone at xpand for working with us the last 3 years . you made everything so calm and peaceful regarding our home . we were treated as more than just customers and we really appreciated that . randy , hazel , ingrid always took care of everything we asked for . and michelle , for your time and service to our family last month ... . we will forever be grateful ! if you want a positive , peaceful , calm experience ... ..use xpand realty", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had the pleasure for the last 2 1 2 years of working with the entire office of xpand . randy shows the utmost professionalism in dealing with customers and business associates alike . i have worked with many realtors in my day and randy and his company demonstrate what it takes to be at the top . i have referred my clients to them and they to whatever it takes to make sure all transactions are as smooth as possible . i will continue to recommend them to all that are in need of their incredible services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold one of my investment properties with xpand realty . randy hatada and crew made the selling process very easy , fast , and smooth . when there was slow foot traffic to the property , he went out looking for buyers investors . very knowledgeable and great team at xpand realty . i will guarantee use them again for buying selling properties .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i just met bridget olson , and found her to be both highly effective and a pleasure to work with . she got repair quotes on the same day we signed the management agreement , and could get the work start the very next day . we are very impressed so far .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought my very first home with the help of xpand realty . they were able to help me find the right home in the right place . randy hatada took his time to show me 7 different places in a day , he was determined to help me find just what i had asked him for . he did just that . with the help of randy , i made the largest purchase of my life . fast forward , i was so happy i bought my second home with xpand realty . they have also managed my north vegas property and sold one property for me . i ca n't thank the xpand team enough for all their patience and care . whether you need to purchase or sell your property , xpand can help you every step of the way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i were referred to randy hatada by a family friend . this our first time purchasing a home and i wanted to make sure we were working with a realtor who knew what they were doing . randy was amazing and so easy to communicate with . he walked me through all the steps to start looking for a home and even referred me to a mortgage lender . he was available any time i had a question about anything and very flexible with our schedule . i told randy i wanted to be in a house as soon as possible and as soon as we were pre-approved on a loan we were out the door looking at houses . i will refer randy and his team to anyone who is looking to buy a home . they really are the best in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this last week has been one of the most stressful weeks ever . i had to move and find a new place to live with a week ! a colleague of mind referred me to xpand realty and i was lucky enough for bill to come to the rescue and find me a place in such little time . not only did he do so , but he also found us a house with everything he needed . my fianc\u00e9 and i finally found a sincere , real realtor that we will use in the future , we recommend using bill anytime ! thanks again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've known randy hatada the owner of xpand realty for over four years , and have the pleasure of working with him on a weekly basis . the xpand realty staff is courteous , professional , and well-versed in the local real estate market . xpand realty is great to work with , and you should as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "randy and his entire staff are very courteous , professional , and always make themselves available . my home purchase was smooth , 5 years later when i sold he found a cash buyer in less than 24 hours ! very knowledgeable , very trustworthy . could n't ask for more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our family has been renting a property through xpand & property management for the past year . our property manager michelle has always been friendly and goes out of her way to help us when we have a need with our rental home . our upstairs air conditioning went out and within a few hours she called me back and had the a c tech scheduled to fix the unit . he was out the same day and all was restored back to normal . i appreciate an agent that is prompt in taking care us . i was impressed by her compassion and genuine concern for our family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from dealing with a short-sale to my current lovely home , xpand realty has helped me through it all . i could n't have done it without them . they are available , friendly , knowledgeable and efficient . i highly recommend randy hatada for these reasons . he is hard working , patient and available to you when you need him . he will put the time and energy in to make sure you are happy . the office has hawaii roots which makes them even more awesome . you feel like you can trust them and be assured that they will not let you down . when looking to buy or sell your home or even rent , i highly recommend xpand realty & property management ! ! : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely great people to work with . very professional . top notch . highly recommended property management company . michelle was great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "xpand realty happens to be one of the best property management realtors in the business here in vegas . our experience with other property management 's left us in doubt of using any property management again since moving here to vegas . but once we were referred to xpand , all of our doubt we ever had , went out the door as soon as we got in touch . they 're staff there is amazing , very informative and definitely very friendly . i have dealt with every employee at xpand and each employee has always answered any and all of my questions with patience and understanding . i definitely recommend xpand to anyone who is looking for a place to buy or rent . they 're trustworthy and definitely a business i trust . thanks xpand for your professionalism and sincerity ! .. : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cari hokamura from xpand realty helped my husband and i purchase our forever home in southwest las vegas , nv . she walked us through every step in the home-buying process and kept us informed of what to expect . cari also connected us with some awesome people for our mortgage and a handyman for some minor repairs . she listened to what our needs were as a family and helped relieve a lot of the stress that comes with being a new homeowner . i highly recommend her services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff of xpand realty under the direction of randy are the go to office in the las vegas valley . the care , concern and understanding of a clients needs are remarkable . i highly recommend them for any real estate management needs or purchases .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brandon mondido is beyond just a realtor to me . he has became a personal friend . he worked hard every second for me in the house buying process . he goes over and beyond his job duties . he is patient , kind and always has a huge positive attitude with a big smile . even my lender and the house builders went out of there way to call me to tell me how great of a realtor he is that tells you something . he is a realtor you need and want in your life . i highly recommend him to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything you would want in someone representing you . brandon was quick , responsive , informative , and professional . i felt as if i was brandon 's only client . there was never a time where i was n't able to contact him . my wife and i are very pleased with his service . i would highly recommend his services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bill raniada was very helpful to us when we were relocating from nc to nv . he planned a day to spend with us and took us all over the area that we wanted to live in . he did not rest until we found a home that would take our pets and that we liked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "michelle weaver is my agent at xpand realty and i have to say that she is simply amazing . this is the 2nd time she is placing tenants in my home and both times she did such an amazing job . words can not describe how greatful i am for having such a wonderful person as my real estate agent like michelle weaver . not only is she a great agent , but she is an awesome human being ! i can be very frustrating and demanding at times and a huge pain in the butt , but michelle has been very patient with me and we worked very well together . if you need an awesome real estate agent xpand realty as a bunch of them and my personal favirote is michelle weaver . she is excellent at her job . thank you michelle !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brandon mondido from xpand realty was awesome ! he made our experience with finding our home simple and stress free . he was very knowledgeable with desired locations which made our decision making pretty easy . my family and i thank you for helping us find our new home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did n't actually get any work done with these guys , i was a walk in on a day they happened to be short handed , but i did schedule an appointment with them for later in the week based on their well kept garage , clean uniforms , and friendly personable service , unfortunately i had to cancel due to the fact i needed my car worked on asap , so i ended up going to the next garage over to proctors discount automotive who did a 5 star job fixing my car , but the fact that pro-tech was to busy to take my business that day is not there fault , they run a well organized tight ship over there i can tell . i would recommend the guys next door first because they did an awesome job , but i also know you ca n't go wrong here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "randy is the only person i trust 100 % to fix any issues my car is having and for basic maintenance . pro tech is a little bit of a drive for me but i 'd rather take it here where i know their prices are fair and they wo n't charge me for work i do n't need .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was a young kid with the back to the future toyota pickup that needed a lot of love when randy and gabe first set up shop . 16yrs later i 've returned with my newish toy tacoma truck with a nerve racking evap prob . randy was great as he always has been . i had to pay for all the damn time spent , the original suspected part was n't the prob but a roll over valve on top of my gas tank . randy remained helpful and patient . 3 days later i think everything is good after 6 yrs with this nightmare . my tip , dont over fill your gas tank . cost me $ 500 plus other parts to chase these damn codes down . these guys arent cheap but when they fix it , its fixed for good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "randy and gabriel are honest and do good work with no bs or lies . i have referred many people here who are also happy with their work . more than a few times , i have taken my cars in with the expectation of an expensive repair , only to find out the repair is simple and much lower cost . they could pump the bill with un-needed crap , but it seems they want the referrals and repeat business . i would confidently refer them to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go to pro tech for all my auto mechanical needs , for both my personal vehicles and rhe companys ' vehicles . randy and gabriel are the owners , and i have dealt with each of them many times . they are extremely knowledgeable and fair priced , but most importantly , they are honest and i trust them.. which in the world of mechanics , thats the most important thing . pro tech is the only place i will go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought i would call to get an estimate on my car since i was told by my mechanic that i need a transmission rebuild . unfortunately they `` do n't repair nissan '' . that 's what i was told .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the foot of the walk is a standard wetherspoons establishment in leith . i 've only been for drinks , so ca n't comment on the food , but the drinks selection is impressive . regularly-changing guest ales are a big positive in my books , and this place delivers on that front . the prices are great too ; i can usually get a good pint of ale for around the \u00a32 mark . i ca n't seem to beat that anywhere else in edinburgh , even in the students ' union !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the entrance to the foot of the walk looks quite impressive but i am afraid that 's where it ends . you ca n't really go wrong with a wetherspoons , but this one was particularly sticky-carpeted and i had to send back a glass of wine because there was a lippy mark on the rim of the glass . i 'm pretty sure it got wiped off with a towel and given back to me . it 's cheap , but cheerful ? hmm , i 'll leave that up to you to decide .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "no no no ! ! i drive past here three or four times a mont and every time it sends chills down my spine ! ! the customers they attract speaks volumes for what it is , and all the fat , old men shouting disgusting things at any female put me right off . i was sort of excited when a friend suggested we check it out though , it was like getting to see the spiders layer . i was n't even nearly tempted to sit down or stay for more than 3 minutes . dirty , smokey , ripped furniture and not very nice ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "here i sit on a sunday afternoon at 13:27.been coming here many years . it 's leith it 's what you get ? down to earth folk . it 's just missing the sawdust on the floor . families with children ( running about like drunk goats ) goats ? ehh ? lots of older regulars meet daily . i actually do n't mind the place . lots of characters . most staff pleasant but a couple standing there curdling milk with the stair of their faces . just looking now a few rough diamionds , reminding me of the baha men song `` who let the dogs out '' ahem . enough said . still i like the place , more characters then alphabet spaghetti . beer cheap of course being a wetherspoons . will i come back ? do n't be silly , of course i will . hey ho ! away to go !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i consider the only motivation for venturing this far down leith walk is to check out this bar . i 'm not really into interior design but you really do have to see the male toilets in this place . it 's like something out of a george micheal video . its a wetherspoons so you know what to expect , but the service is really fast thanks to the microwave in the kitchen . i go here when i want to talk to have a quiet chat with somebody , or eavesdrop on the old lady conversation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the decor is dire but the same could be said of many spoons pubs . however , what it lacks in aesthetics it more than makes up for in other respects . good service , well run , cheap drinks and food , great coffee , interesting ales , comfy seating , clean toilets and unpretentious . not sure what more you could ask for , especially for the price . try it with an open mind .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this wetherspoons is fairly standard in terms of drinks , food and d\u00e9cor . when you visit a wetherspoons you basically know exactly what you 're going to get ; discounted booze and very reasonable ( if occasionally unpalatable ) meal deals . and , although perhaps this pub is a little grottier than most , i am still inclined to prefer it over other branches of this pub chain . it has a great character , and is full of great characters . maybe its just leith , or maybe its just the drinks talking , but i really like the foot of leith walk . it has more soul than , say , lloyd 's bar ( also a wetherspoons ) at the omni centre .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this particular branch of wetherspoons is one that i used to visit on a weekly basis , as it was close to my church 's building on casselbank street . it was somewhere we just kept coming back to , most likely because of its proximity . it 's well placed at the junction of leith walk and great junction street . food is distinctly wetherspoons - cheap and cheerful . you should n't be expecting anything of great quality , and when your roast dinner arrives in 10 minutes , you know that most of the food probably is n't prepared there fresh . however , it does hit the spot with taste . their roast dinners used to be \u00a35.99 , which is an absolute bargain . apart from that , there 's usually a good number of locals in , and there are tv screens on which you can watch sport of differing sorts . this place fits the bill if you want something quick and tasty . gourmet it is not , but the food will satisfy that hungry feeling .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hustling and bustling wetherspoons-owned enormous pub at the foot of , surprise surprise , leith walk . gets seriously busy after 5pm and throughout the weekend where people hurry to take advantage of the cheap drink offers and bargain food menu . the portions are extremely generous and the atmosphere is friendly enough . it 's absolutely huge , with new areas unfolding off the main strip . the sound of chatter permeates the room given it has n't got an entertainment licence .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "usual wetherspoons value for money . good food and a good range of drinks . can be quiet and has a habit of running out of draft beers . have seen them run out of three draft lagers and several ale pumps not working during real ale festival ( towards the end of the festival ) which are not good adverts . staff seem to change a lot but recent staff have been good . overall good value though", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this pub is at the foot of the walk as it 's named . it 's a typical weatherspoons pub . meal and drinks deals daily , plenty of tables , never too full . a good place for a cheap drink before heading into town or a nightcap on your way back down the walk . not my first choice , but not my last either .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cheap & cheerful as you 'd expect from weatherspoons . always special offers of some description . as it 's name suggests , situated at the foot of leith walk . nice to pop in for a quick drink as you pass . the coffee is not bad at all . the meals are okay too with lots of choices . never seems to be any trouble despite being in the heart of leith , you could take your granny here quite happily for a wee treat !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh dear . we arranged to meet friends on a friday night , well prepared to have the usual full to the brim , no seats wetherspoons we all love to hate . the total polar opposite was true , it was so quiet i could swing at least 30 cats end to end around . the atmosphere sucked . i think the music sucked ( i ca n't even remember if there was music ) . the staff were fed up and bored . regulars were not very jolly and did not seem to appreciate me even glancing in their direction . my only plus point is that it was cheap , but then again its even cheaper to get a bottle of wine and sit on my own sofa . i would never swing an actual cat , i love them too darn much .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bit of a grim spoons really , mostly i think due to the lack of daylight . shame as there were some good local beers ( and thornbridge jaipur ) on for 2.20 a pint . wetherspoons menus may seem pretty much the same everywhere but there are usually a couple of local options , as was the case here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "got my sunday club roast beef , with maris piper roast potatoes , yorkshire pudding , sage & onion stuffing balls , garden peas , veggies & gravy ... plus a pint of lager all for \u00a3 7.75..it does exactly as it says on the tin . you order it over the counter and get that served to your chosen table , no frills . really useful when you ca n't be bother to cook on a sunday . free wifi ( the cloud ) available too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a magical place to enjoy my very first dinner in scottsdale ! fellas , if you 're looking for a place to dazzle your lady , look no further than the house ! i came into town for a work retreat and was completely taken aback by the tranquil beauty of the property and outdoor patio . we were seated outside and enjoyed a beautiful meal under the stars . months later my head is still spinning from course after course after course which stuffed us til we were barely able to walk ! the owner came by and told us that the house is one of the oldest homes in old town and i loved all the wonderful stories he told us about the property . be sure to take a walk around the property and you 'll see that the renovations have blended together the historic charm of the property with contemporary accents .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having been warned about what to expect in old town scottsdale , was completely taken aback to find the house , more southern charm and less jersey shore for sure ! plumpjack wine and fine whiskeys ? but of course . daily foie gras specials ? nbd . velvet wallpaper and candles everywhere ? duh . having visited sur and pump recently in la ( both vanderpump establishments ) , they should pay the house a visit for some tips on decorating and customer service . the house is more than a facade , they actually care about the customers - every customer , not just the `` famous '' ones . on monday evening , the foie special was a gluttonous dessert dish of brioche french toast , maple brown sugar butter and a generous piece of fatty duck liver on top . each bite melted in my mouth . very well executed . the ambiance , the wine , the food make this brasserie tops on my list in scottsdale . upscale , but not pretentious . 5-stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was really looking forward to my lunch date with the house , after all i love the mission . however , our meals really lacked wow factor -- for the prices it should be impressive . in a group of six no one ooooed or awwwed over the meal and one had to be sent back . we had the lemon curd cake but the blackberries were to seedy and affected the overall texture of the cake . the apple upside down cake was better but not amazing . our service was average and then they ran the wrong amount on the credit cards so it took a bit of fixing on the tab . not sure , if i will do a dinner date at these prices .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "7:30 birthday reservation on a weekday , we get there at 7:15 and the hostess asks us to wait . really ? as i walked to the restroom , there were plenty of open tables . they must be preparing for a nice bday surprise was my guess ... nope . when we were seated our server asks if we were celebrating a special occasion . why the need to ask when that was noted in the online reservation ? pointless ! ! the food was all really salty , i should 've sent it back but hubby did n't seem to mind as he finished everything after i took a few bites . they did bring me a birthday pudding which was nice but it still does n't change the fact the food was subpar . disappointing since french is my favorite cuisine . guess any place would have a hard time standing up against bouchon in beverly hills , ca . loved the ambiance , romantic with a touch of rustic . our server was friendly but hard to track down at times , and left us waiting a while for the bill .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "read their reviews and looked up their website . 4 of us showed up today for brunch to a completely empty restaurant . we asked for the table in front next to the window . next thing we knew the rude hostess was ushering us to outside seating . note : it is cloudy and raining today . the group consisted of 4 3 women in their 50 's and 60 's . no one was interested in sitting outside on a day like this . we again asked for the table inside the empty restaurant and she then told us that they were completely booked . it was completely empty . i am assuming it was booked for a party or something , but should n't you post that on your facebook page or on your website ? it was handled poorly by their staff and especially the hostess . would not even consider returning . guess what folks ... great restaurants are a dime a dozen here in the valley . we walked without even looking back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing great food . a quaint location that 's intimate and cozy . the dishes are a little pricey but , worth the splurge", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very romantic , great patio , great food . the whiskey river cocktail is amazing - i ca n't stop thinking about it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant simply rocks . i 've been there three times for dinner and each time i 'm wowed all over again . service each time has been exceptional , with food so perfectly done that i could n't imagine any improvements to be made . i recommend the pork , the lamb bolognese , and of course the chicken . the only negative thing i can say is one that i ca n't say for sure , and that is what happens when the weather gets hot out ! the outdoor space is inviting , and simply delightful , but they have n't been open in the heat of the summer . i hope they come up with something because i ca n't imagine not going there all year long !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my second time -- ok first- the ambiance warm but there super cool vibe here . first time i ate inside with business colleagues . second new year 's eve on the patio . the patio with the lights and heaters made for an amazing nye . we started with the steak tartare .. omg amazing with a romesco sauce and traditional but served with crinkle cut french fries with a harissa infused ketchup . that spice was enough to elevate these fries to another level ! ask for extra toast points when you order . we also started with the baked robiola -a burst of flavor with the crispy artichoke and pistachio ! robiola is like an italian brie- not as strong though . dinner was the small plate of gnocchi with lobster in a broth scented with truffle oil- giant pieces of maine lobster . amazing . the special was the rack of lamb . a large 4 bone rack that melted in your mouth ! ! ! it should be a regular item on the menu . an amazing place with great food , ambiance and service . it wo n't disappoint ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me clarify , we did n't actually eat . we went here on our way to a show ... . we did n't have reservations admittedly , but let the wait staff at the door know that we were on our way to a show and just needed to know if we could be sat in time . rather than giving an answer they kept saying they were waiting on menus . they clearly did n't want to serve us , they indicated that we could eat in the bar but then did n't provide any service there . i walked away feeling like the staff were very elitist and the experience put a damper on our night out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "seriously amazing . first off , 5 stars for the service she was so sweet and had wonderful reccomendations pertaining to the menu and drinks . she also gave us the history of the building which was really cool and was just all around one of the best servers ive ever had . the food also gets 5 stars . the flavors are unique and complex . you feel as if the chef is in that kitchen cooking every dish to impress you . the pork cake ( ? ) had the perfect amount of crunch and savory flavor paired with a bitter arugula blend for a contrasting flavor pairing . the buretta was soft and creamy and their pomegranate jam is so delish ! ! ! the atmosphere makes you feel as if you are on vacation at a little cafe in france . its really something else . cant wait to return for dinner on the patio . an extra kudo for finding out that amazing server we had ? ? it was her first day out of training . that blew me away !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend surprised me with a birthday dinner here . this restaurant made my night so special and memorable . not only was the food amazing ( seriously amazing ) , the staff was beyond attentive , helpful , and funny ! i ca n't speak highly enough about this place ... although i might be a little biased since i had such an amazing night here with my boyfriend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant is amazing ! perfect for happy hour , dinner , dessert and coffee , or really any reason to go out . we sat outside on the patio and even though still chilly , the atmosphere and the service made us quickly forget it . the menu is unforgettable - crab fondue , brisket biscuits , popcorn grits , scallops , lamb bolognese , and of course the apple upsidedown cake with pistachio ice cream ! definitely going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an awesome gem right in old town ! it is located in an hold house . the inside is very elegant . i 've eaten here twice . once for brunch and once for dinner . for brunch i had an outstanding homemade crepe . for dinner , i ate the brisket and biscuit and it was a+ ! one of my new fav places ! the also have a large patio seating area ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best new restaurants i 've been to in a while . a converted 1940s-ish scottsdale home , this place has the best ambiance -- especially the outdoor patio . the brisket appetizer is amazing . i had the scallops for the entree and it was fantastic . ca n't wait to return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "intriguing flavorful combinations and an intimate atmosphere make for a fantastic dining experience", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was the absolute nuts . amazing food , several attentive waiters for our table of 15 ( which is a big deal because i usually feel like big parties are underserved ) , well priced wine . potato appetizer was the highlight followed by the pork dish . great place . highly recommend it when you want to spend a little something extra for a little something extra .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to the house tonight to celebrate my birthday with my girlfriend and our experience was incredible ! our server , tommy , had great recommendations and really knew about the the menu and even picked out the perfect birthday dessert ! the duck confit meatballs , scallops , and brisket were amazing ! jimmy , the manager , came by frequently to make sure everything was going well and after dinner we stopped by the bar for an after dinner drink and billy created some great cocktails for us ! we could n't have had a better night !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a very nice find slightly off the beaten path in old town scottsdale . in a town overrun by big name steakhouses or wan na be trendsetters , this is an effective demonstration of vintage cuisine . sure , i had the ribeye , but our party of 16 sampled most of what is on the menu . the foie gras app is excellent ( tough to mess that up , i know ) . next time , i promise to order an entree that is more french !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved this restaurant . we had a reservation for 7 girls and were seated immediately on the patio upon arrival . the service was great and the atmosphere is very cozy . i got the lamb bolognese with a side of brussel sprouts and i could n't believe how good it was ! great portion sizes and the flavor was amazing . i would definitely return to this restaurant the next time i visit scottsdale !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in rec from a friend went to hb for sunday brunch . the food was fantastic and though it was noon it was not crazy loud , a pet peeve of mine re brunch . the rose sangria was great and the steak chilaquiles had the perfect amount of heat to let you know we are in phx . the bahn mi is a stroke of genius ; i have never had with egg before , defined an improvement . i only wish they were open for lunch so i could enjoy this every day . the salmon salad plate was a scrumptious combination of beet pickle egg , onion and a chive creme fresh with crispy crust bread . the corn crepes were totally not what i expected ... much better ! great way to end the meal . great plates to share and the waitstaff top notch . will be back fer sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently visited scottsdale and stumbled upon this jewel of a restaurant off the beaten path . it was so inviting from the street that we had to stop ; little house under big beautiful trees , twinkling lights , outside patio with table lamps becconing us in . it was so warm at night that an outdoor table under the trees was perfect . the music was a nice , down-tempo house variety which set a great summer mood . we ordered food to share ... brussel sprout salad , smashed fingerlings with basil and a pork dish . i have to say that with the same owners and chefs as the mission , the food tends to be over thought a tad pretentious . the sides were simple and great but the main dish was all over the place in terms of it 's flavor profile ... in other words no cohesion . the dining room and restroom are gorgeous and make for one really romantic night out and definitely worth a visit . i would recommend though , that one select the uncomplicated dishes because when they keep it simple , the food is fantastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to brunch had the apple pancake was very good . wife had the scrambled eggs ( 6 yes 6 ) were fine . there were no meat choices for sides . cost $ 96 including tip for 4 people , no booze . i noticed that some of the wine prices on a per bottle basis were as high as $ 455++ , but high end brands . i saw some by the glass chardonnay for $ 19 , $ 66 per bottle . i want to try it for dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after trying to get a reservation for a month or so we finally got one ! ! 6 of us sat outside and celebrated my mom 's birthday . the atmosphere was excellent . the hostess was delightful . the bartender was very nice . our waiter was nice , but a bit over the top . he used several of his `` lines '' on all the tables around us . the chef sent out a little complimentary appetizer that was to die for . we ordered the chicken meatballs , brisket , steak , chicken , pork chop , potatoes and more . every single dish was delish but sadly , not hot enough . we were all slightly disappointed that the food was not hotter . we had to ask for dessert menus ( after waiting awhile ) and the desserts were not nearly as good as the dinner . stick with appetizers , forget about dessert !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this the most romantic place for foodies in scottsdale . the service is five stars ; the folks who work there love this place . our server , tommy mcmahon , was amazing . every recommendation was perfect . the goat cheese is the best i 've ever had and the jam and bread really brings out the flavor . do n't miss the smoked burrata ; it is truly an interesting and delicious twist . black kale salad is phenomenal . my husband had the rib eye and was in love . it came with a roasted garlic spread we could not get enough of . each dish is thoughtful and done with creativity and care . if you love food this is a place you should not miss , it has everything , the ambience , service and culinary excitement !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every part of the house brasserie is exceptional ! the food , drinks , service and atmosphere are truly a cut above the rest ! whether you are going for date night , drinks with the girls or needing to impress someone in your professional life this is the place ! i highly recommend the crab and gouda fondue to start ! for dinner you must try the lamb bolognese ( order the bread and butter though to soak up the extra sauce ) and do n't pass up a side of lobster fried rice for the table to share ! my friend ordered the country rib dish and again just delicious ! when it 's time for dessert you ca n't go wrong with any of them but i must say the caramel apple upside cake is was so yummy ! i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had dinner here last saturday . best date of my life ... from my date ( of course ) to the amazing service and then ... oh yeah ... the delicious food ! you know you 're in a neat place when there is a leg lamp on your table . service ... do n't even want to call it that ... our newest buddy for the evening and is co hort room mate were so funny and had us in hysterics all night . the ambience ... so very nice . hint ... i just bought ikea out of tea lights and votives so i can recreate their ambiance in my home . the food , you ask ? oh my ! i had crispy short ribs with fried crab rice . my amazing date had beer marinated chicken and side of mushrooms . all insane ! mushrooms were to die for ! i 'm a mushroom foodie . try this place out . you will have a new favorite dining spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to the house last night . when we walked in the bar the bartender was texting a good 5 mins before he made eye contact with us . i ordered the mac and chesse which was a mistake . it had thick pieces of meat in it , kinda like roast but i was n't sure what it was . my boyfriend has the meatballs with gnocchi , the gnocchi was delicious but the meatballs dry and overlooked . we were going to get the 16 ounce ribeye but decided against it , instead we shared the chocolate cake . the chocolate cake was amazing . it was the right size for sharing it came with ice cream and coconut flakes on top and a delicious sauce . the bottle of wine and the cake were the only things we enjoyed . needless to say we will not be back . steak 44 , eddies house , citizen public and", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this restaurant find made our day . we just walked in to this appealing looking restaurant and found the best of surprises . from the beginning , the service could n't have been better , hostess , waiter , busboys . then the food : kale salad , brussels sprout salad , smoked burrata , lamb pasta , and scallops . the burrata was the only thing that seemed as if something was missing . not much smoky flavor , and without that the cheese was just cheese . but the other dishes were great , especially the scallops , not something i expected to find and enjoy so much in the middle of the desert . overall , a great experience , great food and great service . would recommend this place to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummy ! loved the bartender . loved the food ( chef trained at french laundry ) . great ambiance . if your looking for history this is your spot house built in '37 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good food and service . loved this place . you will definitely pay for it though . very expensive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ambiance decor = 5 stars . service = 5 stars . food = 5 stars . does n't get any better than this . i 've now been there for lunch , late night apps cocktails and most recently brunch ! all were wonderful but must say brunch was the best . i can not thinking about the scrambled eggs . seriously the best scrambled eggs on the planet . not sure how they do it but they are so fluffy , creamy and over the top scrumptious . ca n't wait to go back again ! insider secret : the massive pine tree in the backyard was the christmas tree of the first family to live in the house . they planted it after enjoying it for the holidays in 1939 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was excellent , as was the server but the service itself was slow . a great place for a date or a small group when you are in no rush or when wrapping up wine tasting at lawrence dunham vineyard around the corner . i would recommend the scallops , the fillet and the fried rice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hungry ! that is how our party of 7 felt after we had dinner at this restaurant . the patio is lovely - but that is the only thing house brasserie has going for it . the short ribs were dry , overcooked and full of fat . the salmon and chicken were also very overcooked . we were so disappointed ! we have been here before and things have certainly changed . we definitely will not be returning . very expensive for a lot of nothing !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fair ... nothing special at this restaurant . wine by the glass is expensive with a limited selection .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "in town with friends , we wanted an early dinner and relaxed environment . the patio seating was delightful . the staff were very attentive and understanding as our group size dwindled when part of the group was delayed at the airport . we enjoyed tantalizing shared plates as starters - especially enjoying the lobster gnocchi and the bursts with bread and house made apple butter . entrees were excellent as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great venue- interesting and delightful food , quality wine list and top notch service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place . went there for an important date and we had a lot of fun . the wait staff was a lot more fun and personable than i 've experienced at restaurants of this caliber . everything was just perfect - we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sweetie and i went for her birthday . two words . just go . it 's just so different from any other place in scottsdale . make sure you get a table on the patio as it 's like dining in a secret garden . everything we had was really terrific . frankly i do n't think you can go wrong with anything here . if you can take some time to have a before dinner drink by the fireplace . it 's not outrageously expensive if you do n't dip into the wine too heavily . service is super professional and attentive without being snobbish .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice part of history ... the drink menu is crafted by local bartender billy bessinger ... try the specials ... love the local feel ... it 's literally a house but dressed up and a great place to hang out . you must stop by !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service and food . definetly worth trying if you live or pass by scotsdalle . we were a party of . 6 and tried many different dishes . the ones that stood out were jidori chicken carbonara broccoli smoked burrata crab fried rice home made cocktails were delicious too. ! big thanks to tommy out waiter who was amazing and so sweet . !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to the house on january 2nd with my girlfriend . we shared the kale salad which is a must have ! she had the scallops and i had the filet both wonderful . we both ha a couple cocktails off of their specialty menu , our server insisted we try the pimms mule . we tried the mule , and the green lantern . we both went with a second round , highly recommend the drinks . the service and ambiance were excellent ! the owner even came by the table an introduced himself , he also bought us a round of the house made cinnamon everyone else seems to be writing about , it was awesome ! we will be back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes ! such an amazing place in the old scottsdale area . lunch is out of this world and dinner on the patio is so charming. ! we will be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a nice spot with a wonderful outdoor patio area . we ate outside and it was a wonderful experience . they have a very nice inside eating area too . great place for a date or special evening out . our server was great and most food items were very good . trie 8 different plates among the 3 of us and the only weak plate was the shrimp appetizer . rarely order a steak , but the ribeye was the highlight of the meal . it 's a bit expensive , but a very nice restaurant . definitely need a reservation for the weekends . looking forward to my next visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the house is cool first off - a 1939 sears kit house . probably cost $ 800 back then , still here ! has a huge ponderosa pine planted in 1944 . history & ambiance matters and this place has it . started with foie gras - very good ! crispy artichoke , mostly cheese but very good . asparagus worth it ! roasted cauliflower the best . waited a long time between food items , shared selections not very large . good for maybe two skinny people . still a nice experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for my bf 's birthday , and everything from the ambiance to the service to the food was nothing short of amazing . we had the smoked manhattans with the crispy chicken thighs ( amazing also ) and they are so good . the twist of the smoke with the cherry coke was delicious and unexpected . we loved them . we then switched to wine , which the waiter recommended a bottle and it was awesome ( again ! ) . my bf had the lamb and they were cooked so well , so tender and juicy . i had the halibut , so good ! the veggies on the plate and the mushrooms were so well done . we then ended with complimentary dessert which was unreal- whipped ricotta and poppy seed with sweet berry compote . yum ! just go here - everything is so well done , you ca n't be disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "perfect ! great food , great ambiance , great drinks . my only complaint is that people seem to be catching on and it is getting busy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'll drive 3 hours to have their cheesecake any day ! very cozy and quaint with a european flair . yum ! service is usually pretty sharp .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the meatballs tasted like rubber , the steak tartare was warm , the rice tasted like a deep fryer had n't been cleaned in 7 years . the only good thing we 're the french fries ... . but who can mess up french fries ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place for lunch , have n't had a bad meal . small and personal but very big in taste and service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful meal ! very friendly , approachable and knowledgeable staff made our night even more enjoyable . we started at the bar with a cocktail and the charcuterie sampler before moving into the dining room for our dinner . both salads we had were very tasty ( the brussel sprout salad edged out the black kale salad in my opinion ) as well as all three meals we ordered ( lamb ragout , diver scallops and filet ) . while i did n't have the irish coffee , the people i were with raved about it . compared to zinc bistro , their sister restaurant , the house brasserie was considerably better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never disappointed ! menu is unique and hard to pick just one dish to try . a must do in scottsdale .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys wo n't last long . phoned for a reservation , got message to leave a reservation request , left the message for a reservation ( early evening ) . no call back . tried again ; no answer . showed up to find they had booked the entire place for a full evening event . when asked why they did not call back to confirm or reject the reservation , they told me that was not their policy ; it 's up to the client to keep calling back until a real person is able to respond . now go figure on that one !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "another lovely little lunch joint in the heart of yorkville , a true hidden gem . this small 200 sq ft shop packs a lot of good stuff . the menu is filled with cheap eats at good prices and the staff there are friendly , efficient and welcoming . i 've tried the spicy chicken rice and the bulgogi burger , both were good . i heard someone order a bulgogi poutine off their `` secret menu '' and apparently it 's delicious - will try next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an inconspicuous little space . it 's next to a bay station entrance , and can , ironically , get overlooked . i come here for lunch , and it 's strictly a take-out restaurant . i 've only tried the bulgogi burger , which was fantastic . they give a fair amount of meat , and the favours come together nicely without being too salty . i love their fries too ( they taste like costco fries , and if you have n't tried them , you 're missing out ) . if burgers , fries , and other fried foods are n't your thing , they 've also got salads ... something i 'll definitely try on my next visit . and most importantly , the prices are fair . if you work in the area like me , you 'll appreciate that your wallet wo n't take a beating here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my favourite spots to grab breakfast and lunch in the area . a lot of nearby office workers and construction workers come here for a quick bite . spicy pork and chicken souvlaki are my personal go to . make sure you ask for extra spicy if that 's how you roll . owner is very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mm . sandwiches . i think this is a very good subway . it smells like freshly baked bread . they are very polite and the food is very fresh . this would have to be my favorite subway because the service is always great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "larger than most subways , this place gets packed around lunch time . they are open on most holidays , like today , easter . bathrooms are usually kept clean and the food is exactly what you see . the service is some times slow and the people are like zombies when it comes to , `` what do you want ? '' otherwise , no real complaints .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this would have to be my favorite subway because the service is always great . my husband and i always goes there every week . on sunday we forgot our coupon that is printed on our receipt . we told claudia and she honored it anyway !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first time staying at a springhill suites and i have to say , i am definitely going to consider staying with them moving forward ! the rooms are modern , clean and spacious . you have just about everything you need : sofa ( that easily fits 3 if not 4 ) , 2 tvs , a fridge , microwave , closing door to the toilet shower , closing door to the bathroom sink , small single cup coffee maker , computer desk.. what more could you ask for ? perks . + complimentary breakfast ( from 6:30am - 9am mon-fri ) + pet friendly great staff ! the market that has essentials you need water , soda.. and ice cream ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hey everyone , please make sure you check the terms when making reservations with this company . it might just say , non refundable . if it does , they do not make exceptions even for lifetime platinum members . to me this flies in the face of mr. marriott 's book and commitment to customer service especially if you cancel with enough time for the hotel to rebook a room that will be empty . looks like we are moving to hilton .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my first stay at the spring hill brand . i 'm pretty impressed by their value offering . the staff was always very attentive and friendly . the room appeared clean and cheery , although the layout is slightly awkward . and the continental breakfast is pretty decent too . my only gripe is their super slow wifi . that could use some improvement . also , they provide complimentary passes to lifetime fitness and gold 's gym . huge pass . overall , great bang for your buck .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean rooms , comfy beds , free wifi , breakfast included , free parking ... and the list goes on ! christopher at the front desk was lovely and made check in a snap ! super convenient to everything , across the street from awesome food , and very quiet . the icing on the cake ? a buy 2 nights get the 3rd free ! brought the per night rate down to $ 63 ! our friends were 1 mile away paying $ 389 night plus for parking and wifi and no free breakfast . i do n't mind paying for excellence , but this place is awesome so why pay more ! ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stayed here during spring training 2011 when we came to see our beloved san francisco giants play ! ! it was a great place and about 15-20 minutes via street to scottsdale stadium . the front desk staff was very nice and helpful . the rooms were clean and a good size , with a kitchenette and sofabed . the tv in the `` living room '' area was in an awkward place though . a big plus was the free breakfast but they ran out of everything really quick and lots of people were left waffle-less ! we had a hard time finding this place at night when we arrived . its located behind a bunch of buildings . the location is convenient , with tons of restaurants , bars , shopping malls , and supermarkets close by . theres an amazing whole foods just down the street too ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "can never go with a marriott property . the staff here was amazing , the rooms were very clean and upgraded . it is very close to the promenade and a couple other nice shopping restaurant places right down the road . i had to check out late due to an emergency on sunday and the girl never even questioned me . overall , we had a very good stay , and free wifi is always awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a good hotel choice and good nights sleep . this is another one of the hotels we 've stayed at while looking for our house in north scottsdale . the service was friendly at the front desk and by all employees . the room was nice and comfortable and the continental breakfast good . oh , yeah the price was very competitive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "family and i stayed overnight and utilized it all : the little gym , the pool , jacuzzi , and devoured the breakfast -- oh and my kids raided the bowl of chupa-chup lollipops on an hourly basis . pretty standard- definitely on the `` nicer '' side- marriot rooms , but i have to say , the excellent staff really put it over the top for us . from the housekeeping staff , to the front desk , everyone was so sweet and service-oriented , all smiles , and ready to assist when needed . the lobby is quite impressive with its glass-bubble chandelier . the pool area was just large enough , plenty of space , great sized pool and nice hot jacuzzi . lush grounds . right across the road from some good restaurants , the flw spire , the freeways , yet tucked away from traffic . very convenient . i 'd stay again in a heartbeat . perfect for families . i booked through the marriot website , used up some points .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my check in was quick and easy , the room is clean and i love the cool greens and blues in the updated decor . the weight room is ok , free weights , treadmill , elliptical , does the job . breakfast in the morning was diverse with healthy choices . good night rest !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stayed for only one night but this place is nice and clean . the room had a fridge and a micro which is a plus . the room was clean and the bed was comfortable . they have to work on their breakfast though a lot of their items has no taste . would stay here again because of cleanliness !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i enjoy the value of springhill suites and this one was not bad . it is an older version of the hotel chain , but still clean and well kept . the breakfast area was well stocked and good . the hot tub was hot and clean . everything seemed well maintained and the staff was friendly . again a good value , but nothing fancy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great hotel with great location . stayed here for a long weekend get away and to take in some spring training . great options for dinning nearby , nice clean neighborhood . a few blocks to the 101 so the entire metro area is accessible in minutes . staff was helpful and polite . only downsides were breakfast could use a few more options and walls were a bit thin , could hear all around us . all in all though this was a great hotel , would definitely stay on our next trip to the phoenix area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "basic accommodations , nothing special . rooms decently sized and include microwave and mini fridge . the reason for this review is the service at the front desk . super friendly staff , welcoming , and attentive . if the rooms and property were nicer i 'd probably stay again", "score": "3"}
{"review": "basic hotel , we had the two bed standard room . it did come with two tv 's which was convenient . the last two spring hill hotels in tempe and chandler only had one in the living room area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "seems clean . easy check-in and out . continental breakfast is good and has a few hot items to go with fruit , cereal , bread items . free wireless internet is a plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really loved staying here ! the decor is very modern and everything was very clean . i slept amazing and had no noisy neighbors . i would stay here again anytime !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perfect stay . nice cold room , clean and modern . good breakfast . very kind staff . exactly what i look for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stayed with you for the weekend a couple weeks ago . deserrie was so nice and very helpful . she went out of her way to meet a personal need of mine . she always had a smile on her face . i feel that she is an asset to your company . thanx for having us", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's unfortunate that i literally have nothing positive to say about my stay here . the front desk staff we have encountered were neither friendly , nor competent in assisting with our questions about the area or just making us feel welcome in general . the room was average although `` newly renovated . '' sink didnt drain well and we had to make shift fix it for our stay . not to speak of the internet wifi issues that arose and appropriate personell were not able to assist with . downstairs computers also run at the speed of a snail . lastly , i recognize this is a largely business used property , but breakfast ends at 9 am . this is ridiculous to me and extremely unaccomodating to a family with children . i certainly will not be returning as there are many better stays in the vicinity , but just a heads up for those looking for a fun family experience in scottsdale..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "absolutely the best experience getting our sweet goldendoodle from azgoldendoodles . from the beginning of the process til now maureen has been amazing . so honest and helpful . we have a whole new family with azgoldendoodles . simba is so smart and wonderful with our boys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we searched high and low for the perfect companion for my son , whom has special needs . i was about to give up until i came across azgoldendoodles . she is not just a breeder- she is now family to us . moose has the biggest loving personality on the planet ! moose and sky is the perfect fit- moose is the calm in sky 's storm . we are so incredibly thankful for all her help throughout this process of raising a service animal . if you are lucky enough to be chosen by maureen ( because she is known for saying no to people ! ) i promise- this would be the best decision . of your life . there are very few breeders like her . love you marci !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "azgoldendoodles pups are well bred , beautiful puppies and dogs . they are smart and easily trained . the breeder has a therapy dog from a previous litter that you will see the adult temperament . we have two and our adult daughter has one too . we walk them regularly and we are constantly told how beautiful they are and how they are so well behaved . no health issues and ours are 2 and almost 3 . in addition we now have an extended family with other people who have a pup from azgoldendoodles ! if you hike phoenix mountain preserve trails frequently you have probably seen us ! you might have to be wait listed but they are worth the wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend getting your goldendoodle from azgoldendoodles ! ! these dogs are incredibly smart , sweet and beautiful ! my goldendoodle - penny lane - has been a great emotional support animal and is learning quickly as we train her to be a service dog . everyone who meets her loves her , and i know it is the same for any pups that come from azgoldendoodles ! additionally , maureen has been so nice and wonderful to work with . she has answered so many questions for me - both in preparation for bringing my puppy home and since then too . she is kind , honest , and really cares about both her pups and her customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we got our goldendoodle from maureen at az goldendoodles 5 years ago ! wow ! we are always getting compliments on her . you can really tell the difference between a well bred doodle and a sub par one ! i urge you to do your research !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just picked up our second goldendoodle puppy from maureen at arizona goldendoodles . we 've known maureen for eight years and had our first little girl , lucy , that long . lucy is perfect . calm and obedient . i can put a steak on a cocktail table and walk away and she wo n't go near it . never ate a shoe . walks off leash without a problem . fantastic . decided to get another as our daughter is heading for college next year and wanted to be sure she got to enjoy the puppy and the puppy could enjoy her . picked up lilly yesterday . this dog is excellent too . already doing business outside ( ok we have to watch but she lets us know ) . also went for two walks today . she was right there running with the family pack . if you want a doodle , call maureen . many of our friends have her dogs and they are uniformly great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "apartments are fine , basically consistent with other apartments in the area in that price range . the leasing agent renae could not have been any nicer and more helpful . i rented the apartment for my daughter , . it was her first place away from home . renae could not have been any more friendly and welcoming . i truly felt i had someone on site to look over my daughter . it 's nice to see someone in a business setting that truly believes it 's more than just business . again , my compliments .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always been a great store but i have a few quips with it . the men 's section is getter smaller and smaller or so it seems to me . also , men , do n't get excited when you see h & m with those nice red sale sale sale signs . for dudes , that sale means one effing rack of shorts on sale and nothing else . : ( h & m is breaking my heart . nonetheless , friendly and great service , but if you really want the best h & m experience , the h & m in the eaton centre is where to go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as the chain itself i love me my h & m - cute clothes for both play and work at pretty reasonable prices . plus their accessories are amazing ! unique and pretty cheap ... love love love their accessories section . in the summer they have the cutest swimwear ... i mean you can get a bikini top for $ 5 ! this particular store in the pickering town centre is ok . i wish it was bigger ... or better laid out . it feels very cramped . also this particular location does n't have the same selection of accessories as the other locations - it is much smaller .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "four stars - not because the facility itself is stellar , it certainly needs updates and could use more space - but the staff was so friendly and helpful ! the atmosphere was inviting and communal , really nice to see a y that is still a full mission where men can stay and get on their feet . and art classes ! and dodgeball ! and i had a great workout in the gym .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "old building charm with a great atmosphere . the community in this gym is awesome . group ex is included in membership , personal trainers are n't pushy . sliding scale monthly rate ! they actually seem to care about the community in here , its a nice change of pace .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these days , it can be a significant challenge locating a precision barber in this valley . when a gentleman requires 12-15 cuts per year , it 's important to find consistency . highly recommend the glendale barber shop . been in operation since the 1920 's with more than 50 years experience amongst the barbers there . nice men 's haircut with an excellent taper . 9am-6pm weekdays , including mondays . 8am-4pm on saturday . remember : it pays to look well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came from out of town to get my haircut and a shave . did an a+ job . go here if you want quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my first haircut here many years ago . my dad started getting his haircut here when he was 10 . there are few places where you can get the kind of service that reminds you of a different time and place in our society . danny is one of those people who is more like extended family than a barber . he has been there throughout the ups and downs in life , listening and offering advice and his own life experiences on things . this is a place where memories are made , friendships are formed , and traditions are past down from generation to the next . if you stop in , ask danny about his halloween scare story and you 'll be sure to have a good laugh- while establishing your own memories !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going here all my life . like the other reviews say , this place has a relaxed and classic feel . haircut is always exact and looks great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was loving this place . it has the old feeling type barbershop you see in the movies . the conversations are great and genuine . he did a great job with the haircut too despite me not knowing what i even wanted haha . give this place a try . i believe it was $ 17 when i went . normal price of course . will be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best barber shop in the valley . it 's a plain and simple , old school barber shop . no nonsense . quick , professional , and exactly what i asked for . outstanding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's an interesting mall as the plaza is part ghetto and with some hipsterique stores such as woofles . the stores are all mom and pop stores . it 's a small plaza but the outside is primarily restaurants with plenty of good eats and options . the parking is horrendous . it is usually full ... ... .. of bad asian drivers . i can say that as i am also asian and sometimes fall into that category . i love checking out the large array of gardening and flowers outside and getting some woofles when i 'm craving some matcha ice cream ! just be careful of bad drivers , especially at all the entrance and exit points .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "and on a good day , you 'll see hardworking waitresses on their well-deserved break haha", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not very much here . i only come for the food . venders : 2 5 a miss match of shops . not much . busyness : 4 5 quite empty . environment : 3 5 old and getting run down . dusty . parking : 2 5 hard to find parking at dinner time . washroom : 2 5 not good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am a small business person and i use summit to do my business taxes annually . the office is professional and friendly and my accountant timothy dressler is very generous with his time and always helps me understand how the decisions i make will affect my taxes for the following year . despite the fact that i brought in everything very close to the deadline they worked quickly and helped my avoid filing and extension . i would recommend them to anyone needing a tax accountant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i have been loyal clients of summit consultancy group for over four years . we have three separate llc 's plus our personal return that summit has completed each for each of these years . we have worked directly with raymond chan , cpa on all of our taxes . i can not praise mr. chan enough ! he has been one of the very best cpa 's we have had the privilege to use . he is professional , accurate and has always treated our conversations with respect . we have been dealing with cpa 's for over 45 years and summit is the only cpa firm that i would feel comfortable in recommending . as a ps : our llc 's are in nv and fl and we live in ca . summit is responsible for producing multiple tax forms to be filed each year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having a number of small businesses it is always a challenge to find a firm which provides enough attention and expertise to help plan and manage the numbers and taxes . elizabeth ( beth ) mercier is an amazing resource who spends what time is necessary to get things done right and make sure our very particular issues are successfully handled . i would recommend highly summit consultancy group for those who wish to stay ahead of the curve and on top of the envelope .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "glad to see there 's another decently price and delicious sushi joint in the area . here 's what i ordered from han 's : house beef spring rolls -- $ 4.95 hurricane roll -- $ 13.95 triple shrimp roll -- $ 11.95 got ta say i was overall happy with the order . the sushi rolls were the more big ticket items on the menu ( you can more traditional rolls on the menu for under $ 10 ) , but i had to try these out ( going by the pics on yelp ) - i was not disappointed . the spring rolls were the least exciting , taste wise , but i needed a $ 25 minimum order and they did the trick . i think $ 5 is a bit steep though for one long spring roll cut in half . delivery was quick and easy so , will keep han 's on my sushi short list . i recommend- the triple shrimp . the han crunch roll looks good too , for next time . extra tip- just-eat.ca listing", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a fantastic experience at han sushi tonight ! i thought they closed at 10pm and arrived at 915 . turns out they close at 930pm on tuesdays but they sat us anyways ! the food was unbelievable as always ( my bf and i go here weekly ) . service always with a smile . the chef used to work at wabora and prepares unique and beautifully presented rolls without the expensive price tag . we highly recommend han sushi to anyone who loves sushi or asian type dishes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "han sushi closed as of january 31 , 2014 . does anyone know where the owner of this amazing sushi place went to ... ? the fish was soooo fresh . chef owner used to work at wabora . please help ! ! ! ! we will pay handsomely for this info . ; - ) thanks ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super classy business ! ! i needed to transfer 12 people from the pit airport to downtown , and first class was n't able to help , because my group was too large . the owner referred me to a competitor . wow , he could have easily told me i needed 2 or 3 of his cars , but he was kind enough to think of the customer . i was so impressed i did ask him how much would it be for a van ( 7 pax ) and a car , and it was n't that much more than the competitor 's 14 pax van . i have n't decided if i want to use 3 cars , or 1 car , but i 'm glad to know he did n't try to snooker me . class act , and i hope that people will consider this company when hiring a vehicle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after reading glowing reviews on yelp , i decided to try this service to pick up my 83 year old mother and take her to the airport . service was great . driver was very courteous and on time . we used them to pick her up at the airport and are equally happy . the driver even carried her suitcases upstairs to her apartment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service ! the driver was first class ! truly was the best car service i have ever experienced . driver was classy , professional and kind . great reservation service and very fair price . do yourself a favor-skip the cab and call this car service . reliable , professional and great value . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ditto everyone else . i had out of towners needing to get to the airport but i had a last minute work conflict and could n't drive them . i was nervous about using one of the standard cab companies because their track record of actually showing up is n't great . i called these guys the night before an 8am pick-up and everything went smoothly . dave even checked on their flight for us to make sure it was on time given bad weather . if you 're planning on getting a cab to the airport , definitely use first class .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the most reliable car service i have experienced in pittsburgh . amazing service . for the last four years , we have used them each week to pick up and drop off colleagues at the airport . they 're always waiting by the hertz counter , ahead of time , without fail . even when the flight is early or had a 3 hour delay . they charge about $ 10 more than a yellow cab . if you have client you need picked up or dropped off at the airport , i would highly recommend first class . my first time in pittsburgh , when the driver heard i was on an interview , he even gave me a free tour of a few neighborhoods in the city .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fabulous service all around . my husband was coming in on a redeye flight from san diego around 9am on saturday morning , and just before midnight on friday , i realized i was n't going to be able to pick him up . i called first class limousine service around 12:30am and was pleasantly surprised that someone picked up . i ended up speaking to dave , the owner , and he was able to accommodate my last-minute request . my husband initially went to the wrong meeting place ( on account of his sleep deprivation : ) so the company called me asap when he did n't show up right away -- i reminded hubby about the correct meeting spot and all went well after that . he was very happy with the service and the price . i 'd definitely use this company again for rides to and from the airport ! thanks everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service . i was in pittsburgh for business and needed a car to get back to the airport . i found these guys on yelp , and the reviews were not wrong . it was easy to order the car and pick-up was prompt .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fcls - first class limo service - i '' ve used fcls on many occasions in new jersey and new york for company corporate travelers . excellent customer service in every way . drivers are always on time , courteous and knowledgeable . cars are clean and in perfect shape . one of the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick confirmation , on time pick ups , clean cars and professional drivers . we 're in nyc - used for an employee who was in pittsburgh for a meeting . everything went smoothly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i agree with the other reviewers . i tried these guys based on the yelp reviews and was not disappointed . i 'm a grumpy new englander , and have been frustrated by the small town , easygoing careless customer service at many pgh businesses . these guys are different : professional , punctual ( even in snow ! ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the choice between the pizza here or a $ 5 dollar one from a chain , decided to give palermos a try . wrong choice ! the price to quality ratio was just completely off . you really do not get what you 're paying for , but hey the kids loved it so what the hell . will try it again , but will not stray away too far from the pizza . the first thing that i noticed was that the pizza was very greasy . greasy pizza , which is no problem if combined with pizza that has flavor , but the flavor here was completely lacking and greasy pizza without the flavor is no good . i kept eating just to see if it would improve . it did not . like i said , i will try it again , so do n't take my word for it . try it for yourself .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really good pizza and wing specials.very affordable.cheezy tasty pizza.appetizers good and not expensive.if your a beer drinker they make the best michelada this side of the border.highly recommended.great for family and kids", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awful undercooked . got the runs from one piece . paid $ 22 for large crappy pizza that got me sick .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my new go to pizza and wings joint . i get a mug of dos equis while i wait and it comes in a frozen mug . love this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a good hair cut , hot shaving cream , and a straight razor shave of your neck and sideburns . it does n't get much better ! this place is a throw back . it 's a place for men ( and boys ) who want a haircut the old fashion way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this interesting haircut shop is a mix of traditional and modern , practical and kitschy which makes for an interesting space . so definitely this will get your attention but of course for any hair cutting salon it 's all about the service . this place is already busy so do n't expect to walk in , call-ahead of time , it 's appointment only . vince is pretty good at the service and he 's an amenable guy . did a nice job with my hair sans clippers and we 'll see how he holds up but leaving the shop i 'm good . he listens and talks to you to make sure you 're getting what you want and he finished of my cut with a straight razor to the back of the neck . and price-wise we 're talking reasonable , $ 13 for a standard men 's cut . i would recommend anyone looking for a good haircut .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've started going to vince around 9 2015 - i 've been going back every two weeks since . vince is an old-school barber that takes pride in his work . he does n't rush the cut . while my cut is simple , he still takes his time . he provides a straight razor shave around the ears and the back of the neck . if a barber is n't doing this , you need to find one that does . recently , i had vince line up my beard with the straight razor and was given a partial shave . i do n't normally lay a razor to my neck as i break out badly . i did n't break out at all from it . it was an awesome experience . hot towel , hot lather , beard balms . like said , if you need cut , get on the appointment list . well worth it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vince is truly the man to see . i have tried many shops in the city to get the perfect cut , but finding a new barber is barely about the cut . vince is a guy that you would find in a bar and want to talk to while you were both sitting there for an evening . a seasoned professional with many years of experience that shines through on every visit . vince gave me a tune-up and straight razor shave the morning of my wedding ; he is the only person i would trust with that responsibility , at this point i have gone to him for two years . for your own sake , call and make an appointment . vince is generally booked up well in advance , so do n't even try to walk in- he will always try to squeeze you in , but he can be booked for a week out . i have had standing appointments with him every month which is the way to go . once you work with vince you wo n't want to go anywhere else ! bravo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here since it opened and love it . vince is a true professional who takes pride in his work . the prices are lower than most competitors ; just $ 13 for a haircut and $ 13 for a face shave . i 've gotten a face shave at other shops and i think this was the best one i 've ever gotten . vince is the only barber in the shop and has become very popular and very busy so call ahead to book an appointment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think that like most mexican restaurants , some of the dishes are so-so , but others are amazing . my favorite , which is n't exactly on the menu , is the carnitas tacos . by recommendation of the host , you should order the carnitas extra crispy . they have great salsa , and their side of guacamole is really great , and the amount you get for the price ca n't be beat . i find the staff to be friendly , but not overbearing like other reviewers have said . all in all , i hope that this restaurant succeeds . the people have a good heart and the food is good too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do not recommend this restaurant . they were enthusiastic when we walked in , the service was fair , and the place is cute and decorated . but the food was bad . we started with guacamole- it was the grossest i have ever had , completely overpowered with onions , yet still tasted bland . it did n't even taste like there were avocados in there . and it did n't get any better . our entrees were bland ( just excess salt ) , the refried beans were a creepy grey color , the sopapillas were bland . it just was not a good dinner .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would not come here again . the waiter completely forgot about us and the food was below mediocre . i got a beef burrito and it was basically all refried beans and hardly any meat . the pork was hard , tasteless and unappetizing . i suggest dos reales for better food , service and prices !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love la fiesta . i think the food is delicious . the prices are very reasonable . and the waitstaff is friendly and efficient . we love that kids eat free on sundays and they do n't make it a secret ... .they actually tell you this when you order !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't go here . why would you ? it makes your body feel like it 's been hit by a dumptruck , la fiesta will make you run to la bathroom . do n't . do n't . do n't . ( especially combo # 8 )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing strong margaritas . everything is super flavorful especially the ground beef . it was all perfectly seasoned . i 'm shocked at the other reviews i have been to mexican restaurants all around the country ad this place is the real deal . good authentic mexican with a good price with attentive service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service sucks , food bland , too many waiters around asking if you needed anything . sometimes too much of a good thing , is n't good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for all the love that maize , mas amigos , and el toro get ( and i love all three ) , la fiesta is the best mexican restaurant in the c-u . we 've stopped going to the others because we love this place so much . it has the best prices , outstanding service , and food that is just as good as the others . it 's just not as trendy because it 's in a defunct strip mall . i 'm a fan of their burrito loco with the cheese sauce . lastly , coupons are fairly easy to find online , which makes it even a better deal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had been driving by this place for the last couple of weeks and the stylists at the next door cost cutters had been talking it up so i knew i had to go in and try it . as soon as i walked in i was greeted by so many smiling faces . i ordered the # 10 i believe it was a bbq brisket sub ? either way it was to die for and and will give all local sub places a run for the money . as the first reviewer mentioned its about $ 8.00 for the combo and the pickle is included too . if you round your bill up to the nearest dollar the change gets donated to a fund for firefighting equipment . the attitudes and the tasty sub and the fact that they donate money are the reasons this place will get my business . 5 stars for this one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have stopped to eat here a few times with my family and also a few times by myself . every time while walking through the doors , i was greeted with , `` hello , welcome to firehouse subs ! '' by several staff working behind the counter . i 'm sure it is required for them to say it , but it is always refreshing when walking in . the subs are very tasty , restaurant is clean , and the firehouse decor is unique . my kid 's favorite part about this place is the firefighter hat that they get . i rated 4 our of 5 because it can get pricey . about 6 bucks for a regular sub + 2 bucks for combo . then the large sub is around $ 8 + $ 2 for the combo .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like this place but when anyone walks in and they say `` welcome to firehouse '' it is sooooooo lame ! ! ! ! i think the owner is there & he even sounds lame , they just should say hey how ya doin ! it is just to rehearsed and bad ... ... ..so everytime i go there i know i 'm going to here this stupid greeting ... ... ... it 's just stupid .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i pass firehouse subs several times a week and finally decided to stop in to try ... well it was well worth it . the 'steamer ' sub i ordered was awesome ! i compare to a quiznos in style but much better quality in my opinion . the bread is fantastic . and it is always great to see a big saturday crowd looking to be in full enjoyment . the place is clean , comfortable , smells incredible , and the people i interacted with were very friendly and happy to have my business . i will definitely be back and highly recommend to anyone looking for a great sandwich . i am withholding one star only because i have yet to try more of their sandwiches .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quick . friendly . fresh . ive been to fh all over the country and there is a standard they set . this is pretty much all i expect out of firehouse . and that is exactly what i got this afternoon when i grabbed a quick salad . everything was put together with care with a friendly staff . will be back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place is very well decorated , loved the theme of the fire station ! people were very friendly , and sandwich was very good . overall , would absolutely go back when in town next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a cool firehouse-themed shop . shiny red decor everywhere . they have perfect , delicious , flavorful , sandwiches packed with meat and sauce , they do n't skimp you . very friendly and helpful staff . quick service . this is my favorite sub shop that i always visit when i 'm on that side of town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was hoping for a kick @ $ $ sandwich - i got what might be a step above subway but they do n't even bake their own bread ( subway does ) . i 'll stick with jimmy johns or keep looking .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was able to find a couple cigars that i have n't seen in other shops , like the liga privada l40 . but their cigars are definitely overpriced compared to other shops that i normally shop at . i paid almost $ 20 for the l40 , it should msrp for $ 13 . i thought their overall selection was a little limited for my taste and the traffic on royalton road is n't worth me fighting through to overpay for cigars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just wanted to.mention this.great cigar lounge in ohio . went to . d'crosiers even ladt sept , 2016 and it was a blast . am from miami and flew with santana and large group from miami where santana treated the locals to pig in la caha china . we played dominoes , had great pork with ohio folks which are amazing nice people . the staff at lounge was very nice , courteous and hang out with us for 2 days of amazing fun . d'crosiers cigars are a undiscovered by many boutique linr which incredible and by far my favorite line . hope the event happens again in this sept . if so , am going with friends again from miami for great cigars , hospitality from the ohio staff and customers . santana please make.this happen again . thank you for bringing such an amazing.boutique cigar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice place ! i stopped in here during my lunch break one day and thought the place was cool . they have a large selection and you can smoke your cigar right there on site . the owner is helpful and well educated . i will say that they are slightly over priced , but not enough to stop me from going there . all in all good it 's a good shop", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they 've recently added tons of flavors , teas , smoothies , frozen espresso drinks , etc . definitely worth stopping by . i was n't too fond of them at first , but with the expansion , they 're worth a visit !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thank you jesus ! finally there 's a place where i can score a strawberry milk tea with boba ! ! there 's also slushies and smoothies . oh , and the frozen yogurts really good too . my daughter and husband had the frozen yogurt and said it was great . tons of toppings too ! we used to go to sweetie peaz but the owner went a bit cray cray and it was uncomfortable to go there but thankfully i 've found a fabulous replacement . on my way back for another milk tea ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent flavors and great toppings . yellow cake batter and see salted caramel are the best ! very friendly staff . it 's our go to place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is now called yoboba if i read the sign correctly . i am super excited to have a boba tea house by me . the boba is awesome ! ! ! ! ! ! just like the place i always go to in chandler and now i do n't need to make the drive . super excited to go back . i did ask if the place was under new management and if is . a new owner . he was super friendly and the place is as clean as it was before . boba and frozen yogurt . heaven !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really enjoy the store . temperature of the yogurt is colder than some of the yogurt stores i have frequented . as i must watch my sugar intake , i think they do n't have a selection of sugar-free flavors . i do n't care for s-f strawberry-banana , as it tastes too sweet . would love to see s-f cookies and cream , chocolate or tart vanilla . would then rate the store 5-stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely a great place to go to on a hot day . service is outstanding , yogurt and drinks are fantastic ! especially the boba drinks ! nice clean atmosphere to chill and hang out . i 'd definitely recommend this place to anyone . being from cali , this place now makes my stay here in az feel more like home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere , cute decor , and very clean . the owners are very friendly , and make guests feel welcome . great little place for a treat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection of flavors , great selection of toppings , friendly service , and close to home ... yep , five stars for me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "way better than sweetie peas ! ! i love this place ! great service ! my favorite is the hawaiian sherbet ! i ca n't find it any other place ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hope they never get rid of the yellow cake batter yogurt because it is heaven ! this establishment is really clean and i love the presentation of their toppings . there are more toppings to choose from at froyona than at sweetie peaz and yogurt jungle . i also like that they do the reward program and your 10th yogurt is free ! you do n't have to use those stupid punch cards either they use your phone number . i am now a die hard loyal pregnant fan of froyona .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a loyal customer and love the place ! the only reason i did n't give a full 5 stars is that it is pretty pricey but it 's clean so i love it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been to this spa before but my last visit was the worst . the techs do not appear to like their job and they also do n't believe in customer satisfaction . when the techs get tired of someone who actually pays attention to the service they are receiving and may have a comment here or there about something different to do , they get exasperated and make rude comments ( such as , `` are you married ? '' `` no . '' `` i can see why . '' ) that kind of stuff is completely inappropriate and unprofessional . the nail service was very expensive compared to other , more accommodating and friendly places around here . customer service is very much lacking in this establishment and its just not worth it to make another trip here . ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible service i would not recommend to anyone . as i am sitting there 2 ladies waked in 10 minutes apart complaining about their nail gel chipping away only after 2 days . my nail tech had a nasty attitude because i asked her to buff my nails . this shop is made for the 65 & older crowd because they are simple . if you want anything other than red nail polish i suggest you stay away :", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had the basic pedicure done here and my experience was very pleasant . mimi was so sweet and patient . i ruined one of my toes when putting on my flip flops and she just calmly redid that toe . that for me is amazing . definitely coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly staff and a clean salon , if i lived here i would come here . they had a fridge with wine , water and pop . i was n't offered any but not sure if its because i just had a manicure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrible customer service . the lady i had was named mindy and she was incredibly rude to me . i paid for a pedicure and every time i asked something she gave attitude ; also i had to ask her to repeat herself several times because her english is terrible . if you are going to work with the public you need to learn the language-plain and simple . she even got polish on my flip flop when putting on my shoes . did n't even apologize just huffed and puffed because she had to redo one toe . i will never come back here . spend your money somewhere else . 26.00 for a basic pedicure is crap .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i went for a couples pedicure . i sat with my feet in water with no one doing the pedi while he got his entire pedi . the they wanted to do mine . if you ca n't do them together say you ca n't . that 's the whole reason you come together . terrible service . i left when he was done with my feet still in lukewarm water .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my fav go to salon ! the place itself is so cute & the decor goes well together . they also offer free drinks , & the place itself is so clean ! their deluxe pedicure is a must too ; ask for yen ! she does an amazing job & definitely takes her time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "employees are so sweet . they go above and beyond whenever they are able . the manager john , divides his time managing and doing manis , so if you dont mind your manicure getting paused for phone calls , instructing staff and management tasks , he is very skilled . other staff work hard to make you enjoy your time there . wish the tv wasnt on sports or talk shows most of the time but i suppose some customers like those shows . i enjoy my experience there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "he has been my optometrist going on 3 years now . his fee for an eye exam and contact lens fitting was reasonable considering that i did not have vision insurance . even with having vision insurance now , i am still returning simply for the fact of the great service i receive each time . his office is quite busy as he is the only optometrist and the office is very small but they always find a way of accomodating walk-ins . i definitely recommend this office and will continue to go here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst service ever . i needed them to fax over a confirmation of my perscription to get my contacts online . when i didnt hear back from the contact company about when they are going to ship my contacts , they said that they called dr. maritzas office and they said that `` they were too busy to fax '' . they didnt get this fax done for 4 days . unacceptable . do not go here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nyx has done it again . was a regular at their markham location , i am shocked that they would open up a location even closer to my house . the staffs service is exactly the same as their markham store , absolutely amazing i have nothing but good things to say about this store . they also brought in a lot more flavors with great prices . you guys will forever and always have my support !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found it super convenient where they opened their new location since its in the area of northyork . i use to be a regular at nyx on woodbine and im happy to finally have visited their new location . they carry a variety of e-liquids . i find that their price compared to other vape stores is actually considered cheaper . other than the variety of stuff that they carry the employees are also super nice ! they always answer my questions with full on detail . customer service is something that 's super important to me and nyx has met all the criteria . fyi i also believe they accept all types of payment !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nyx really lives up to its name in product quality and service . the representative shanna really helped me out with everything i need to get started with vaping from safety , parts and instructions to be a safe vaper in toronto . without her i think i wouldve purchased a piece of garbage from another vape store . the staff service is just incredible and the amount of selection that they have regarding mod boxes , tanks and liquid was just immeasurable compared to all the other stores that i went to", "score": "5"}
{"review": "employees arent even old enough to pick up smoking , quit using vape and be knowledgeable enough to pass that experience on to another user . just another shop out for a buck . beware", "score": "1"}
{"review": "oh their sandwiches . this is a mandatory stop on the drive home once we survive the gridlock and navigation through montreal traffic . it does n't matter if it is breakfast , lunch or dinner , we 'll make it a point to pick up two or three different sandwiches to share . this year we had the ham and swiss ( heated and with their special creamy-mustardy house sauce ) , a brie and pear and walnut ( also heated , on a perfect crusty baguette ) , and a tuna salad on a olive focaccia . mmmmm ... . each sandwich runs about $ 7 . there are also lovely pastries and cakes . and gift-giving ready jams and confections . i did n't realize until this year that this is a chain , and there are several other locations in the greater montreal area . the little handwritten labels for the sandwiches are in french ( time to whip out yourt dormant high-school level french ! ) but there is usually at least one person working there who understands english . bon apetit !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "c'est connu que premiere moisson est l'endroit pour pains , desserts et charcuteries de premiere qualit\u00e9 et service rapide . ces gens l\u00e0 sont bien organis\u00e9 avec la prise de num\u00e9ro et quand ton tour vient , l'employ\u00e9 te prend en charge peu importe la section o\u00f9 tu as besoin de produits . pour ma part \u00e0 chaque visite je commande des croissants , des baguettes et leur fameux jambon blanc . le stationnement est un peu serr\u00e9 mais votre patience sera r\u00e9compens\u00e9e .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is absolutely delicious ! if you are driving to toronto ( or out of quebec ) from montreal ~ it 's a great place to stop . we picked up some strawberry profiteroles ( which were absolutely delicious ) , and 2 small pieces of ganache mousse cake , one in milk chocolate , and the other in dark chocolate ( my mom was just about the happiest person in the whole world when i presented the cake to her today ) . we also ordered a rustic tart ( choco-bananes ) which was also delicious . they were sold out of chocolate eclairs , but those are the breaks . stop in , it 's yummy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "la bouffe est tr\u00e8s bonne , mais les prix sont trop haut qualit\u00e9 prix . et ce qu'il me fruste le plus , est la tendance a avoir un service tr\u00e8s tr\u00e8s lent !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "version fran\u00e7aise plus bas this is the first one ! it 's the really first premi\u00e8re moisson and it does have a little bit more products . it 's quite small but has a little charm . the only thing that annoy me is the amount of holes in baguette . it kind of makes me angry to pay for a good looking baguette with holes that are sometime a little too big no to get at least a little pissed at this . c'est le premier premi\u00e8re moisson . juste le dire c'est le fun ! j'ai \u00e9t\u00e9 la r\u00e9cemment et j'ai \u00e9t\u00e9 agr\u00e9ablement surpris de voir un peu plus de produits que celui ou je vais pr\u00e8s de chez moi . c'est un peu dispendieux comme endroit mais c'est du bon pain . par contre , un petit hic pour moi c'est les baguettes ou parisien qui sont un peu trop trou\u00e9 \u00e0 mon gout . je paye pour un pain mais j'ai de l'air \u00e0 la place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place as always for any dessert , bread , chocolate , even chose your own meal and eat there ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great guys , great service . but full disclosure , i came in for a minor issue , not tire repair , which is supposed to be their forte . was driving down the freeway on a sunday and saw my gas tank door pop open in my side view mirror . i pulled over and discovered the bolts broke off from the hinge and it was dangling by the gas cap dongle ! pulled up the handy yelp app only to find that nearly every place in the area is closed on sundays . this spot was nearby and one of my only options- pulled into the bay , showed the guys the problem , and they had me on my way in five minutes . friendly , professional , polite , and prompt .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "warning dishonesty - we went there for an oil change . they told us we had leaking brakes and needed over $ 1,000 worth of services to fix it . we immediately took it to the dealer where we purchased the car for a second opinion - the brakes were fine ( better than fine actually ) . the dealer said `` oldest trick in the book '' - this is not only illegal but dishonest and the exact reason people are wary of car places in general !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i brought my car here to get fixed and they gave me an estimate of $ 1600 . my friend who happens to be a mechanic said the parts that i needed did n't make sense ... like if my axle was broken like they were claiming , then i would need other parts . i ended up taking to another place , and it turned out to only be a few hundred dollars . this company preys on ignorance , which most of us are when it comes to cars . if something sounds fishy , always take it another opinion . do n't just trust these guys . they are straight up liars , thieves and take advantage of ignorance if they can !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thankfully i stopped at tire works on horizon ridge before reading the reviews listed here . i went in unbiased and had a very good experience . every employee was very respectful and generous in offering knowledge and time helping me choose the best options for my vehicle . they worked directly with me to choose the perfect tires and allowed me to directly ship my new wheels to their store and then install them when i got off of work . they helped me save as much money as possible and i plan on visiting them regularly in the future for all of my car needs such as brakes , oil , and part replacement . the new management runs a very good shop and i am grateful to the team . hopefully my experience will help balance these very negative reviews and allow someone new to give this team a fair shot . they did right by me and this is all i can do to give back to them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish i could give zero stars . so let me start out with this . i brought my car to get a oil change . well the next day on my way to work my car broke down . come to find out there was no oil in my car . so much for a oil change . then they messed up my engine so that needed to be replaced . they had to get 2 different engines in there because the first one they ordered had a crack in it . after a month with out my car i got it back . 2 days later parts start falling off . so some guy from corporate came and zip ties it and says all good . next day it falls off again . i will never come back here again . after a long day at work i have to sit and wait for this to get `` fixed '' yea lets se for how long this lasts .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "took my car in to get fixed here and am currently in the process of litigation against the company . if you are considering taking your car here go somewhere else ... anywhere else ! this company is well known for diagnosing phantom problems in order to increase the overall invoice . if you do n't believe me do a google search of litigation against the company , they even have a case against them from the state of nevada . some criminals hide behind a trade marked name and a store front , that is the case with tire works . the next time you consider taking your car here , take $ 3,000 out of your savings and set it on fire . it will yield the same result and at least you will get some heat from the flames . you have been warned !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "quick comment . do n't come here if you have n't done your homework . pricing is all subjective , if you do n't know the exact prices and details , the sales person will sell you at the highest price . i personally felt like an idiot for supporting a local store rather than going to the dealer or costco or sams club . at least you get pricing that is fixed and not in the rip off manner that exists . i will not be going back to support this shop . i did give it a two star , because it was my fault for not shopping prices first . thought i would trust them .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "always helpful ... mark and his crew are simply amazing and we trust him with all our vehicles . he guarantees his work and stands behind all his repairs . mark and rob are great guys and are always available 7 days a week . we just entered into a fleet maintance agreement to keep all our vehicles safe . we had used many different shops and finally found one that does it all for us . from high line to work trucks they have saved us a lot of money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "avoid this place at all costs . complete rip off . estimate one cost and then jack up the price when time to pay . complete scam artists . very disappointing experience . very slow too .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "are you kidding me ? my second time here , first time was last year having tires bought off the internet installed ! great experience . but the reason for the review is what just happened . pulled into my garage and heard the terriblr hissing of a tire leaking air and fast . wasnt sure if i 'd make it to tireworks but i did . when i pulled in i jogged for the door and was intercepted by one of the technicians . i explained the problem and by the last sentence my tire was already off . plugged it , rebalanced it and had it back on before the sleeping newborn woke up ! winning ! ! ! now for the price ... free ! gratis ! zero dollars , nada , zip , bagels , less than 1 cent ... you get it ! i 'll be back for all my tire needs . i realize this was n't brain surgery or even a big repair but the way it was handled was clutch ! i 'm the newest tire works loyal customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in for a front end alignment and that was ok , just ok . it took a little longer than they said it would - and then they told me that i needed new brakes , and i just got my brakes replaced less than a year ago , so it sounds to me like there were trying to make some quick money off of someone who they thought knew nothing about automobiles . the front end alignment was good , but trying to rip me off after that really did n't sit well with me . that 's the last time i will be going to this tire works . possibly any tire works .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super quick oil change , very nice staff ! a little annoyed that they did n't know how to start my car ( newer models have severity features ) i expect professionals to know this . but otherwise all good ! i 'll definitely be back , its close to home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "curtis is a crook . quotes you one price and then you go to pay and it 's way higher . needed a actuator for my vehicle , he quoted me $ 75 plus install ! this part retails for $ 22 . will never go back there until they fire this crook . stay away from curtis .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bad customer service . not enough help pedro or juan or whatever his name said x amount of time for tire rotation 45 minutes past start time still had not started typical tire works screwed up ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "to call the employees here crooks and liars might be a bit too harsh , but that 's the feeling you get dealing with them . the price for your services are impossible to pin down , and always end up higher than quoted . in my situation , the mechanic found a laundry list of problems that do n't exist or were grossly exaggerated . i went in for simple repair and was given a hard sell for nearly three thousand dollars in additional work . thankfully , i 've gotten a second opinion and saved myself thousands . i ca n't recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a never go ! ! when i put tires on my car they let me leave with no valve steam caps- all tire pressures off and a shimmy . had to go to firestone to fix because mark said it was my shocks that caused the shimmy . firestone rebalanced wheels and all was good.i would put no stars if i could ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sadly i have to give them 3 stars for service i left my car for replace alternator and sempertine belt . i was bring own parts . belt still make noise", "score": "3"}
{"review": "got my new tires installed and balanced here and the guys are super helpful and did a great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are great . seems like i get a flat tire once a year , they have always taken care of me quickly . ( i have n't ever purchased tires from them ... but they treat you like you have. ) . next time i need a new set i will go to them first . this last time i went in early and the tire tech had not come in yet . they asked me to come back a little bit later , and when i came back they repaired my tire at no charge . i was n't expecting that , nor did i ask for it . in and out in 20 minutes . used them 3 times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called them just to see their prices , and they gave me a better deal than every other place i had called . so brought my car in that day 2 hours before they closed , and they even had to transfer the tires from another store and had it done same day i want to say within an hour and a half . thank you to frank , and the staff . really nice people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i noticed on my lunch break i had a nail in my tire . i work across the street so after i was off , i drove over to get it fixed . they were surprisingly fast on fixing it for me . i thought i would at least have to wait 45 minutes to a hour . i was out if there in 20 minutes ! they guys were awesome ! thank you so much for your help !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the entire staff is very nice and understanding and will do what it takes to get you back on the road .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in to have a tire patched which had a screw in it and had a coupon so it was free . josh was the associate i initially dealt with and he was very professional . they were very busy on a saturday at 4pm but they squeezed me in even though i did n't have an appointment . not only did they fix the tire but they put air in all the others including the spare , checked the brake pads which were fine , and found an oil leak which they cleaned up and fixed at no cost . they are more knowledgeable than my dealer and would be happy to refer them to my friends & family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my tire was flat on a sunday and of course everything was closed ... except tire works . they checked for a leak , sealed it and even filled all of my other tires quickly and with a nice attitude : ) they had a good sense of humor and they did n't make me feel like an idiot like some places do . i 'd return there for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "noticed a screw in my tire and went in to their shop to get it fixed . was thoroughly impressed with the service and how quickly they got us in & out . vaughn has made a good impression with us and we will definately use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overpriced tires were on their way from the warehouse and i waited , and waited and waited and waited ... they removed my old tires from the car so i could n't leave . miserable experience , shop elsewhere", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this location ! everyone is very helpful , matt & laron were awesome , they have exceptional customer service ! matt , the manager , stayed true to his word and matched any price i brought him when it came to replacing my tires ! i highly recommend this location over any other auto body in town ! i will definitely be coming back to this location !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very pleased with service and prices . i spoke to mark on the telephone to get a quote for service and when i came in the price was even a bit lower . never a short wait when you get 4 new tires , but the facility is clean with a tv . i will be back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything i want in an auto service shop right here at tire works . friendly and knowledgeable . they called and got my approval for additional items needed-hoses & tune up . prices quoted were just as my bill read . found my new auto doctor . my thanks to all who helped me out . ~d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't bother going here . after buying a set of tires they recommended ( kuhmo ecsta ) , and i complanded about the tire ( wondering in the lane ) . they then told me about the problems with that tire has . really ... ..sure they told me they would switch it out to a tire of less quality . well that is not right . learned a hard expensive lesson .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "now i understand the stars on them reviews . code the guy tat i deal to buy the tire was great , no complaints ( five stars for him ) . i change the set of tires on my car , got home pick up my baby ( 9 months old ) hit the freeway and guess what ? the technician left the hood open . what kind of technitian leave a hood open changing tires ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the worst service . the people who work here are unhappy and unwilling to work with the customer . i had an 11am appointment twice now , both times i showed up and was told they are backed up and it will take 2 hours for an oil change . what 's the point of an appointment ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent service very honest and knowledgeable employees my friend went in and get his brakes done and they told him he did n't need brakes they did not lie to him there a very honest about the whole thing i recommend this place to anyone", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chris and his team are great ! my car is at the age when services need to be performed ( new tires , alignment , new battery , etc ) . being on a limited budget means i ca n't do all the work at one time and they have been very helpful and professional in assisting me in which things should be accomplished in what order . my car is always ready on time and everyone is always cheerful . they never try to push services or parts on me like so many other places try to do to increase the amount of the sale .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "slow service . two hours for oil change and tire rotation . kept setting my car alarm off , disgusting bathroom that was not stocked . wo n't be back . update : they did n't screw my oil gasket on right and had to go back due to my car leaking oil everywhere . paid 60 $ for an oil change and tire rotation and barely received an appology for their mistake . terrible customer service . another man was in there complaining about one of his brand new tires on his truck wo n't hold air . take your money elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a great experiance at tire works . they explained everything in detail what i needed and also told me the most important repair and repairs that could wait . being a woman and some car repairs are complicated , they showed me the parts that were needed the time it would take to get them done and cost . i live close and did not have a ride home since it was going to take some time ( but was done the same day ) i was offered a ride by one of the workers . hard to find that kind of service in a big town . i love the small town , friendly feel at tire works . it will be my new auto shop ! ! thank you chris and art .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wo n't recommend this place . bad customer service . also if you are reading this either management or franchise directors , take a good look at your guy ryan . never again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got my oil change there . they did excellent job . real friendly , good service and great price . i 'll recommend to all my family and friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the new manager matt p. went above and beyond my expectations to make sure all my questions and issues were resolved ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a screw in my tire and i popped over to this tire works by my house and these guys are the best . they were friendly , helpful , and fast . they patched up my tire and i was sent on my way . i was shocked how fast it was done . thank you for making my travel safe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "2 new tires and alignment ... ... great customer service ! i called around getting pricess yesterday and their customer service is what sealed the deal ! ! . friendly staff and knowledgeable ! . ill be going to them from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "helpful , reasonable , professional . what more can you ask for ? i bought my son 's bike here and get mine tuned seasonally . staff here are great and my bike hums after they work on it . there are some beautiful bikes sold here , they service all levels of cyclist . moderate pricing rating is for the tune up !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "spent way too much money there ... had to go back more than 3 times and still y bike was n't running properly ... he talks a lot but does n't do much ... after the 3rd time i went to broadway cycle at bloor and brock and within 15 minutes my bike was finally fixed ! really disappointed ... i understand the man is alone but listen to your clients when they explain what 's wrong then you may fix the issue much quicker ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "definitely not the most affordable choice for your bicycle-related needs , but you can rest assured knowing that you 're getting top notch service . ziggy and co. know exactly what your bike needs , what parts it needs , and get the job done in a timely manner . my bike has never looked felt better !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been going to mark 's salon for years . the location is close to chinatown and trendy queen west . the salon is warm and inviting . the owner mark , is always there to greet you with a smile . we always have a great chat and i leave the salon looking and feeling fabulous . if you are looking to support a local salon & want to feel like you are treating yourself without breaking the bank , this salon is for you . oh & did i also mention the full body massage chair ? !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fabulous ! just left the salon and my hair feels so much better . i have fine hair but a lot of it . my hair type is straight and has hardly any volume naturally . i wanted texturized layers but long enough to keep my length and also get into a pony tail.. mark gave my hair so much shape and it compliments my face more than i could have ever expected . i will definitely be a return customer . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to mark andrew hair studio for several years now . his studio is a one stop shop and a cut , wash , blow out , etc . and conveniently located steps away from queen west near spadina with ample parking . not only have i had exceptional hair cuts every time i 've visited mark , i 've also received exceptional service in a cozy , comfortable setting . mark is a friendly and down-to-earth fashion forward stylist with excellent technical skills and knowledge of both modern and more conservative hair styles - depending on your mood . he is accessible for scheduling appointments via facebook , which i find very convenient , and of course by phone as well . my wife recently started going to mark 's studio as well and is extremely happy with the results ! i think she looks great ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to see mark when i lived in toronto . he gave me a great cut and my friends gave me lots of compliments . i appreciated that he was a good listener when i told him what i was looking for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love getting my hair done here , mark is the only one i trust . i even brought my mother from niagara falls to get her haircut here and she loves it too ! if you want someone that is honest , fair priced , and who is flexible this is the place to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always look forward to going to mark andrew 's hair salon . he 's super easy to reach via email , txt , or even facebook - ( which is super handy ) . he 's also central to the toronto downtown core ( queen st. west and chinatown ) . as all great hairdressers are , he cuts my hair meticulously . he 's a joy to hang out with during the styling .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mark is my favourite hair stylist . i started seeing him over 5 years ago when i was referred to him through a friend of a friend . mark always knows exactly what i want for my hair and his cuts always garner compliments from people . i have since moved to vancouver a few years ago but i often wait until i visit my hometown to get my hair cut by him . it grows out amazingly and lasts a very long time because of his expert cutting techniques learned at tony & guy . he 's super fun and sweet and since it is in his own home studio , he offers a good price for a very high quality , salon cut . love mark ! ! also , it feels comfortable and relaxed and since it is located in the heart of downtown steps away from queen st , w spadina , it is a great excuse to go shopping !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've tried many $ 100+ places , and mark andrew is better than many of these and much more reasonably-priced ! mark is a sweet , easy-going guy with great skills . i am both adventurous with my hair and anal , so it really means a lot to me to have found a great , local stylist . he is now my guy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an undiscovered gem in the neighborhood , the owner ( who cut for years at a high end salon in yorkville ) has built up his client base by word of mouth . it 's a chill place , no hassle or hurry . you can get a free consult . have a cup or coffee while you get your cut . ask about what product to use . it 's great . and the prices are n't insane like they can be at a lot of places . he 's been cutting my hair for years now . i do n't go anywhere else anymore .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mark is amazing . his place is warm and inviting , vey cozy . he took care of my scraggly mane and gave me the best haircut i have probably ever had !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mark not only gave me a fantastic hair cut , he 's also easy going and fun to chat with . i 'll definitely be going back and highly recommend him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently discovered mark 's hair studio after seeing a facebook friend 's very positive review on yelp . i 'm new to toronto and was on the hunt for a good hairdresser , who could work with my thick , curly hair . mark gave me an awesome cut that brings out my curls ! i also have to mention that the overall experience was great - i much prefer the intimate environment at mark 's studio rather than sitting in one of many chairs at a busy , loud salon . will definitely be back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really nice people working here from the shuttle bus to the lobby and breakfast service . the rates are fantastic and they 're close to the airport .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great price for an overnight stay . clean room , friendly shuttle service from airport . great breakfast the next morning included in the price . they offered the usual , pastries , cereal , etc but also had waffles . nice staff and room was what you would expect with a budget hotel .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "surprisingly good for the price . even with a ten-day park & fly , we paid $ 60 total ! book via their website for the best price . very efficient check in . rooms are amazingly nice for the price . i 've paid twice as much for rooms that were not even close to as nice as this is . there 's even a microwave and refrigerator in the room ! shuttle to the airport runs 24 hours . 10 minutes to clt via the shuttle .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my expectations were n't too high , but i expected something at least half way decent . this was for a quick overnight layover in charlotte . i 've done this before and stayed at the clarion with no issues . now i wish i had of stayed at clarion again . the room smelled , tub and walls were dirty and i was very uncomfortable . if i was n't so tired from traveling all day , and was only there from 8pm-5am , i would not have stayed there ! ! i did not want to touch anything ! ! also , they charged my credit card twice . i called about it and was told one pending amount was for authorization , and the other was for actual room . regardless of what it was for , i still had a pending charge that was holding up some of my available balance . in conclusion , i could not wait for 5am to come so i could get out of there ! never again ! ! very disappointed ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "solid for the price . excellent customer service , clean . despite being an old building , was definitely worth the price thanks to cleanliness and friendly helpful service !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "room is decent quality if you 're just looking for somewhere to stay in a hurry , but nowhere near worth the price they charge . i called and they quoted 61.95 on the phone , came in and was told $ 66 , and then woke up to a 78.00 charge ! ! the room is clean for the most part . building needs repairs and its not the best quality .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great hotel , nice simple place with ease of access to highway , restaurants and clean . friendly staff . even though there were many choices at this price point and location i feel that my choice of econo lodge was a good one here in charlotte . look forward to my next stay in early 2013 . keep up the good work .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have stayed at this hotel numerous times . this is your basic overnight hotel with all the amenities . price is right . there are many hotels around this neighborhood for the airport is close by . the reason i picked this hotel is that they have a free shuttle from the airport directly to the hotel . friendly staff and they will assist you . on one stay the car rental battery passed out on us and one of the staff members gave us a boost . nice breakfast area . fresh bagels , yogurt , and make your own waffle . all the coffee you can drink . rooms are basically clean with fridge and a coffee maker . on another stay there was a plumbing issues and staff brought a plunger and had to use it myself . luckily it worked out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nothing good here , old and in need of repair . 1 2 the rooms are so close to the highway my bed shook all night long . the noise was incredible and never slowed through the night . my television and phone were neither operational . it 's the kind of place you sleep in your clothes with a pillow over your head .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been to many many motels and many road stops , but i have never been to one this horrible ! the walls are so thin you can hear everything happening in the next room . at 1:30 am the guy next door decided to blast some music and would n't stop till we banged on the wall . mover we 're moving furniture in and out of the building until 2 or 3 am ! breakfast is mediocre at best , if you do n't eat waffles you 're stuck with toast , bagels and yogurt , not to mention the lady serving breakfast was mad at something and mumbling loudly the whole time we were eating , and the front desk clerk joined us for some cereal ! unprofessional , disgusting place ! do n't come here ! there 's a la quinta inn across the street , go there instead ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hotel is in super sketch area of town with people loitering around property . however , if you like wondering if your car is going to be in one piece in the morning or taking a journey back to 70s when you enter the rooms with tube tvs , green carpet that looks like it has n't been washed in a decade or a shower stained yellow ... look no further , this is the place for you . i will say , the positive part are the cheap rates . i had to book a hotel last minute in the charlotte area and this had to do considering all others were over $ 150.00 . in all seriousness , if you need a quick and affordable place to sleep , this may be a good option . it also looks like the property is under construction and going through upgrades .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice room though outside seemed dank and dirty . pool was out and front desk was not inviting . overall just ok for the price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "oy , thank goodness they had an open room ! i had missed my flight and thankfully econolodge came and rescued me from the airport . it 's not fancy but it 's exactly what i needed and the morning breakfast was more than i had expected . ( there 's a waffle maker ! ) hallelujah", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this property should be torn down or redone from top to bottom - everywhere the eye rests shows something patched , stained or broken . the light switch open entering did n't work . there was no soap but the sink , only a used bar in the shower . the chair had stains , the thin sheets revealed an insect leg and other unknown bits . there as a tin coverlet and i was cold all night . the traffic noise from the highway outside the window did n't help either . i did n't sleep a wink and could n't wait for the shuttle to the airport in the van that reeks of gasoline .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible company ! rude office staff ( girls who answer phones ) they hold your car hostage just so they can make more money off of it sitting there . would never recommend them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my vespa was in storage for a couple years and needed some minor tune-ups to drive again . so i called aaa and requested a tow , to bring my scooter to a repair location . joe from western towing , showed up as expected and right on time . he was extremely friendly ! he was very considerate and careful to load my bike onto the flatbed without causing any harm . i was very , very pleased with the service ! i think most of my previous towing experiences involve waiting long , excessive amounts of time . not with western towing -- they were fast , friendly , and professional !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far the worst towing company in arizona . in the process of towing my car onto their flatbed they twisted my chassis and completely shattered my back window . the fat a kid who towed my car apparently did n't know what he was doing and didnt notice what he had done . i 've submitted a claim the day they towed my vehicle and was told someone would get back to me within 7-10 business days . two weeks passed and no call . i tried calling their corporate office , left several messages and still no response ! ive tried talking to their hr department and all they told me was i have to talk to claims . this company is so shady and so unprofessional with no respect for personal property .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very prompt and courteous took good care of my baby mb 500sl", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst company i 've ever dealt with . my camaro was towed here and left in the lot . when it was returned to me the back windshield was completely shattered . we were told to fill out a claim , and as we were filling it out the owner came in and told us he was n't responsible for it and would n't pay for any of it . he said windows shatter on his lot all the time and it was n't his fault or his problem . the lady at the reception desk is extremely rude , as other reviews have indicated . this is a terrible business and i would recommend this place to anyone for anything . if i could give it zero stars , i would .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "called to get a pt cruz towed back to the house and the lady said 3-4 hours , nothing happened called at midnight and the guy said the same thing , still no one has picked it up . called again this morning and she said `` oh the night guy did n't get it `` i will never use them again . poor service , poor communication and its sad becasue they used to be a good outfit , now they just do n't care", "score": "1"}
{"review": "screwed me out of $ 70 ! ! ! shady bunch off assholes worst place they make commission they take advantage of accident victims filed a complaint an investigation is in play . told me they were not affiliated with aaa and made me pay out of pocket all lies ! ! crooks and cheats ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! never use them they should lose their license horrible", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hands down the rudest staff ever . so ridiculous , they are not helpful at all . it 's unbelievable how rude and unprofessional these people are . they are money hungry and do n't care about anything other than money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bought a car from one of the guys that worked there , gave me a bunk title . to come find out he had the actual title at his house in a completely different name . along with a spare key . ironic that he works at a towing company that could of came and took the car back at any time . save your time , save your stress , go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "office staff is rude , and liars ! ! ! they will tell you one thing on the phone and another in person and just loves to keep your car hostage . i will never ever ever recommend this place to anybody , worst towing company !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "normally i have no problems with ed 's tavern , but the lack of service today was pretty bad . my friend & i sat at the bar around 12:30 & were left high & dry for about eight minutes . being quite hungry & thirsty , we decided to leave & go somewhere else . i was really looking forward to a bunch of delicious hot wings and vodka drinks at ed 's today , but the staff on hand did not provide those things . i 'd really hate to cross ed 's off my list , but if the service is as bad the next time as is was today i certainly will .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "complete turn around at ed 's with a huge new outdoor deck to boot . food and service is consistently very good whether your outside , or inside at the bar or a table . they have at least 30 craft drafts and at least 15 flat screens inside . hope they plan to out some tvs out on the new deck for football .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went on game day the the place was packed . to bad the staff was rude as shit . this is to bad because i heard this is a ny giants bar . this new yorker is n't happy", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wings were good - not as crispy as i would have liked ( especially when i asked for extra , extra crispy ; - ) but the flavors were good and the specials were great . $ 5 mimosas and bloody marys were a nice touch !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible service with even worse food ! stopped by this past weekend and was asking the server about a drink on special . she told me she had no idea because she was underage . we ordered an appetizer of tachos- they came out with hard cold queso cheese on them . then we ordered wings for an entree which the server again could n't answer any questions about the flavor options . they were tough , had several bones throughout and overall not good ! i wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we drove by this place twice and circled the parking lot on a third drove-by before finally getting the corkage to go in . we heard ed 's tavern had the best wings from a friend who was a precious charlotte resident . we gave it a try and are so glad we did ! ! ! the blackened parmesan wings , extra crispy were delicious ! they had the perfect amount of crisp , were still so moist , and the parmesan was flavorful . i ordered a mix of the teriyaki wing with garlic and omg were they good ! the ranch and blue cheese are made in house and are unbelievable . we will definitely be coming back ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ed 's is a your typical neighborhood sports bar . it 's packed during football games and other big sporting events . and you 'll find what you 'd expect on those days - lots of obnoxious drunk guys . but i recently went there on a sunny thursday afternoon and had a great time sitting on the back patio . i tried the veggie wrap and the mozzarella sticks for an appetizer . both were delicious .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good service , well poured drinks , awesome sweet potato fries . getting the basics right is hard to find .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "five stars for being ed 's again ! the best wings and neighborhood bar in dilworth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love eds . great vibe , above average food and decent beer specials . the ed 's amber is always a steal at $ 2 . come for trivia wednesday or thursday . the only bad thing is the lack of consistency of the wait staff . 80 % of the time theyre great . the other 20 % you never see your waitress . bottom line , go to eds ( had to give $ $ cause you dont go to eds and not drink )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always a good place to grab a snacka and a cold beer . last night i took a friend from oregon to bar and we had the wings . they were great . meaty cooked just right . they have an interesting flavor `` blackened parmesan cheese '' ... tasty , just the right amount of spice and cheesy flavor . my wife loves the homemade hungarian cucumber salad . great selection of beer and the place is just hopping on thursday nights and through the weekend . will be back again and again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the tvs were way too loud to have a conversation . the food was pretty good . they have appetizer specials on friday", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great beer prices , great selection , surprisingly good food . never been there for late night but during the afternoon things are tame , cops are patrons , and we get good service a good experience for a good price . nothing amazing but reliability and value go a long ways .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! this place was exceptional , not only because every meal we enjoyed had a variety of options and was flavorful but also because the prices were so reasonable ! i would definitely recommend shae as your waitress . she is awesome ! you can definitely expect a good time and great service . sometimes , to my delight , the experience exceeds my expectations ! i highly recommend anyone paying eds a visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been there several times for drinks and food . consistently good service , and a fun crowd . feels like there is always something going on , and a good choice for late night food as well - although the late night menu is limited . if there is any down side , i think the wings are not a great choice - they tasted great , but they are very small and mostly bones . overall , multiple good experiences at different times and different days - worth a visit , for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for what it advertises , ed 's delivers . good drink deals , solid bar food , and some decent bar games . the waitress was great and very attentive , going as far as bringing my beer outside . the bar could use a few more tvs , a shuffle board table , but all in all its a solid neighborhood spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mixed reviews for the party on the patio experience . amazing atmosphere to enjoy the weather . they should have moved the cornhole down to parking area to make room for more tables . we waited around for a table and finally snagged one but a server never came by . finally a server came by but only to pick up the check from the table before us and was more than ready to walk off without even acknowledging us . i stopped her and asked if she was our server and she finally sent over our sever . service from there on out was better . the $ 5 bloody mary 's were really good , better than the average bloody mary special . they offer a lot of drafts betters too ! the patio is big and nice but over all there is definitely room for important !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best barber i 've been to . attentive and easy going . they are full service and even do alterations on site . service is wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3rd time coming here for haircut shave . best one i have had in phoenix scottsdale area . this time the owner ( nick i believe ) cut my hair . they do not rush making sure you look good when you leave . haircut was top notch as well as straight razor shave . would recommend to anyone in the area looking for a good haircut !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hate getting haircuts and unfortunately i have lots hair . it is rare to find a barber that listens to what you want and then asks checking questions about how you are liking it . if you are looking for the best scissor every then - go see boris !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is excellent , very clean , and great service . and all the barbers are friendly and pay great attention to detail . i have come here for years and have had nothing but nice things to say about this barbershop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you would n't think this would be a good place to take children for haircuts , but it is ! they are patient , have boosters and will put cartoons on the tv for them . they are efficient , and still do a really good job . you can now make appointments which really helps with kids . i 've been bringing the boys i nanny for here for over a year and i 've never had a bad experience . side note : the alteration lady located in side is also really good and a sweetheart !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nick is a great barber . super nice guy . he listens to what u want and cuts it exactly how you ask . however the other barber is pretty bad . he takes way to long for example my last haircut took and 50 min and all i asked for was a trim . he cut it 's too short and even after i told him to stop cutting because it was already too short he continued to cut . i am very dissatisfied and will most like not return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as one of the first customers of mark and the crew , i love coming to this place . i can trust all of his associates with me and my three boys for a consistent haircut on every visit . i made the mistake of straying once to another local shop because mark 's was packed and i needed work done for the next day . hard lesson learned that further solidified my loyalty to mark 's shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! ! ! i just moved to arizona a month ago and was worried that i would n't find a barber shop to call home for my boys and i . just found it . thank you russ .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a great , inexpensive , haircut and good service . i did n't know until recently you can use their website to reserve an appointment ! great for knowing if your usual barber is working the day you want to go in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to love this shop but since the ownership change things have gone downhill . the cuts now are just ok . they used to be great . as others have said they dont seem to want to cut how you ask . they try to twll you what you want now . there is also so much focus on upselling and buying other things . ive tried it several times since the change but its getting worse , not better . its time to move along to a new shop . would love to know where mark went ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "quick cut with a tension relieving neck massage was excellent ! this is a great clean barber shop . would recommend for walk ins as well as appointments . mark does a great job and hires great people too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no thank you . the service at po'boys is nice , but the food was just ... hideous . i went on a sunday afternoon with a friend and we managed to choke down al the food in front of us and immediately regret it . the barbecue was just absolutely gross and the location itself was entirely lackluster . while i know it has its fans , i just ca n't do it , pb . i 'm sorry .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was unfortunate enough to come here , not of my own decision . i sat through an hour of slow service , terrible food , and noisy children . i walked out to my car across the fake grass as fast as i could .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "always great when one finds a long time local favorite and it 's actually still good after several decades . this is one of those places ! history says it started as a hole in the wall and now it 's a modern , simple restaurant with great pizza , sandwiches and bbq , and still family owned . i tried the pork fry nachos which was bbq pork with fries and nacho cheese in a bowl . a little messy , but delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm one of those people that plans ahead . so for a group meeting , i must 've bothered po ' boys 's staff quite a few times on the phone to reserve some space & pre-order food . the staff was courteous & very accommodating . they had everything set up - from tables to food . service was attentive & friendly . they were very helpful with servings & pizza recommendations when i called to pre-order . everyone seemed to enjoy it all since all the pizza was devoured . it was affordable ( $ 19.50 for 16 '' specialty pizzas , $ 2.50 soft drinks ) . and they let us mull around & chatter & eat & offered to post our club 's information in case other patrons may be interested . the place was clean , well lit , & decorated with local art . the downside was the lack of bike parking . there were only 2 for the entire strip mall . but overall , it was a good experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if the decor was a bit toned down , or different.. or something , i 'd go 5 . i loved the old po boys , and well ... i do n't really need to go into a big long deal about how this spot is not like arnie 's spot in downtown champaign . i will tell you that they have the original sauce , and the original polish . i love this combo . the beef , the pork.. about a touch under being great . one thing they have that i f n love , is chicken , which the original spot did n't have . i just took stars off from porgy 's for the horrid way they have let their chicken go , but po boy 's original sauce on that chicken ... . it 's heaven .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in for luch today and boy , was i impressed ! my favorite was the bacon-wrapped jalapeno peppers -- the whole group loved them . also had their half price homemade pizza which was delicious . the piece de resistance , however were the homemade pies ! tried two different kinds : both pina colada and peanut butter were devoured by the group with smiles cheek to cheek as evidence of their deliciousness !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great crispy crust on my individual pizza . we went for lunch and our waitress kept in mind that we were on a tight schedule . husband thought his sandwich was ok , priced right but nothing special . the hit of this place , as many have said , is the homemade pies ! save room for a slice , very tasty ! ca n't think of another place in town with homemade pies like these .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though the restaurant would sound like it has a surplus of sandwiches they are mainly known for their pizza . the pizza special of sundays are awesome . however their major downfall would be their lack of service with their waiters . sometimes you can expect to wait for 5-10 minutes to get your drink order and there will only be 2 or 3 other groups there . the food at po ' boys can be sometimes lacking but the weekly homemade pie can make up for it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "amazing homemade food ! bbq , pizza , sandwiches , appetizers and every other item on the menu was made perfectly . everyone from our 3 year old to teenager was very impressed with the food . we highly recommend any of the bbq and the chicken bbq pizza . staff knew the menu well and made very good recommendations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came to taste some food so we can have them cater our wedding ! delicious bbq , and the owner jean is super friendly and very helpful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by po boy 's for lunch and was treated to some delicious bbq . i opted for the bbq pulled pork grilled cheese with the hot sauce , and it was quite good . the pork was tender and the sauce had a good mix of spice and sweetness . the fries were also very good , with the portion generous . nothing mind-blowing about the place , but it made for a good , cheap lunch stop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "boring food in a boring atmosphere . i 'm afraid there was absolutely nothing that made me want to come back ( nothing to make me running away screaming either ) except that our waitress was great .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice place with good food . they need better iced tea ( yes , this is a big deal to me ) but the chicken cobb wrap i had was very good and my dad 's italian beef was excellent with a lot of flavor . i would definitely return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their pizza is phenomenal . on sunday 's their special is 1 2 off all pizza , and we go almost every sunday for their pizza . the salad bar is always fresh and the selection is great . they always have a great selection of homemade pie , the lemon angel pie is to die for ! the bartenders are always friendly and the drink specials are hilarious as well as tasty . they also have beautiful art on the walls from local artists . this is a great restaurant , everything on the menu is delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i stopped by here the other night as we had been wanting to try it out . we both ordered a caesar salad and the pulled pork bbq sandwich w fries . the salad was pretty watered down , had no cheese and was definitely not worth the $ 8 person . the pulled pork sandwich , however , was delicious and well worth the trip . we do n't like spicy food so went with the sweet bbq . the fries were basic but good . service was pretty fast and friendly . did not try out the pies but maybe next time ? : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been to po-boys a few times and think it 's amazing ! as a vegetarian i have not been disappointed by the salad bar or pizza . we have gone as a large group and everyone was very happy with their meal and the staff is super friendly ! i highly recommend you check this place out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the waiting staff is incredibly rude . i am part of a softball league that plays at their fields , and our league brings in thousands of dollars worth of business every year for them . one player brought food in from another restaurant . he then went to the bar to buy beer from po'boys . while he was waiting to be served ( expect to wait ) , another waiter came up and rudely commanded that the food must leave immediately . after informing him that the food belonged to a person at the bar , the waiter forcefully attempted to throw it away . only after pulling the food away from the waiter did he relent . even then he swore at us . with no tact and incredible rudeness from the waiting staff , this bar is not worth the trouble of the drive . i highly recommend any of the more courteous and better tasting restaurants and bars in champaign-urbana .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "po boys is the place for bbq and pizza ! ! its my opinion that you should combine both tasty delicacies and have the bbq pizza ! the pulled pork pizza is out of this freakin world ! ! ! if bbq is more your style without the za ' then you will be pleased to know that po-boys has 3 different bbq sauces to choose from ! the service is amazing and very attentive ... . oh and did i mention the homemade pie ! every time i stop in urbana i always make sure to eat at at po-boys because its just that good ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "family owned and ran . amazing food and drink , great prices , and a very relaxed atmosphere ! a definite must do in the area ! whenever we come down we will make sure to make this a stop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing tender pork sandwich and the best homemade pies with real whipped cream . you just ca n't get food like this anywhere in town . the pies are amazing , allof them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service 5 stars , food 4 stars , atmosphere 3 stars . this is a bbq and pizza place with a full bar . i had the thin sliced beef bbq sandwich . it was great . the meat had good flavor and the sauce was very good . much better than hickory river . they also have a small salad bar .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food tasted good , but the shrimp po boy had at least four times as much bread as.the amount of actual shrimp could support . it was like bread with a light spread , not a full po ' boy sandwich . for $ 8.50 i felt ripped off ... and still hungry . i 've had great po boy sandwiches -- this was not one of them .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great little spot . great food and very clean little restaurant . got the italian beef and it was phenomenal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place makes the best thin crust pizza in champaign urbana ! po-boys ! go figure ! if you are longing for awesome pizza like they make in ny & nj , this is the only place you can get it out here ! btw , i live in the furthest corner of southwest champaign , and it is well worth the drive !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "po'boys is located in a nice strip mall with ample parking available all the time . the restaurant has a bar , slot machines and plenty of space to accommodate large groups and small families alike . off peak hours , there might be some regulars hanging out at slot machines . menu is regular with good choices for barbecue and pizza . i enjoyed their fresh fries with some jalapeno-cheese sauce . they have nice thin crust pizza for reasonable price and its really delicious . i would strongly recommend this place for thin-crust pizza . nothing extraordinary , just the regular menu prepared right .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "italian beef sandwich will make you : ) they have outside seating : ) prices are fair , ahout $ 10 person", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been back . surprisingly , the pizza is really tasty . it is a different style than pizza m or papa dels .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always enjoy po boys , though i 've never been there for anything other than lunch . the ribs are very good and one thing i look forward to is their salad . best italian dressing ive had . great pecan pie too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service : 100 % a+ cleanliness : 100 % a+ food : 100 % a+ absolutely fantastic resturant to eat at ! very friendly staff , very clean , and food is made to order . definitely one of my favorites !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , some items are better than others . the shrimp poboy was delish as was the fish sandwich . the bbq platter was ok and the chicken wrap was eh . however , the superstar of the entire meal was the pie . the pie ! ! ! ! ! pie ! ! ! tried a couple of varieties and it was very good . in fact , it was so good , that the next day we ate somewhere else and stopped by just for pie .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the italian beef sandwich and it was good ! the meet was delicious and juicy . my friends has the pizza and salad bar combo which was the special . they both said that it was good . the service was sot on and we got out of there quickly which is important for lunch . i would recommend this to anyone around here looking for a lunch spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably one of the worst dining experiences . the food is not good . everything is pre-made or previously frozen . my bf and i shared the mozzarella sticks . he swore they were from aldi 's . he then had a bbq sandwich , while i tried out the shrimp po'boy . my bread was super chewy and unedible . i think it was microwaved , it was warm but dried out . also , the shrimp were cut up into smaller pieces , so i had 3 whole shrimp at max on my sandwich . it was ridiculous . they also charge for extra sauces . that 's only annoying because it 's not spelled out on the menu . they have a full bar , but not specials . well that 's gon na attract customers . the staff seemed pretty incompetent as it took forever just to get our drinks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stopped by for the first time thursday evening . i had the special pulled pork sandwich with steak fries . would definitely be back was really good and prices were reasonable", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here yesterday for the first time since opening and ordered the chicken wings which were smoked . the wings themselves ( plain ) were very salty and had buffalo and teriyaki on sauces on the side with a side of fries which were completely over salted ! ! ! i hate salty food , ( mcdonalds does this to there fries now too ) hey ! ! ! ! customers can sprinkle their own damn food with salt . i was pissed and wished i had not went . no mas !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "staff are friendly , i really like this place . staff are very knowledgeable with regard to allergies . i have an issue with gluten and the staff take precautions . i like the smoked half chicken and bbq beans .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , everything i 've eaten on the menu has been delicious ! i love their bbq pork and the pizza is great ! and yummy desserts too . it 's a very fun and lively restaurant . we come here for date night , and also to take the kiddos for lunch or dinner . the owners of this restaurant are great people , awesome and hardworking-good folks ! this place is awesome , 5 stars all the way !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went today for the first time for lunch . food and service was excellent ( 2 of us had barbecue and one had a salad ) , and while i did n't have pie , my dining companions gave it two thumbs up ! i 'll definitely be back , and ca n't wait to try the pizza . you need to try this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "holy cow ! this place is amazing ! went there for a rehearsal dinner last night . the pizza was phenomenal ! ! ! i tried the bbq chicken and sausage pizzas and they were out of this world ! so so good . we will definitely be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just ate here at po ' boys after a good 10 hours travel . we were hungry and cold and ready for good food . po ' boys delivered ! we had the cheese pizza ( the crust is amazing ) , hamburger ( no complaints ) and the italian beef sandwich ( amazing ) . after stuffing ourselves we decided to eat pie ... the blue berry was amazing and the chocolate peanut butter oreo was like `` biting into a candy bar '' , so good ! highly recommend if ever crosses your path ! service was great ! overall great restaurant !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no atmosphere . unimpressive food . the pie ( which they rave about ) had a thick graham cracker crust that was disgusting . no real beer selection . wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hearty , greasy , fried perfection . i had a sirloin steak sandwich with onions , mushrooms , and green peppers . think of it as a philly cheesesteak on buttery toast . absolutely great . 5 5 . they 've also got a big selection of homemade pies . they all looked really impressive . peanut butter pie : 5 5 . i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had this last night actually bought it for two coworkers also ! and this was the worse meal i had this week and i am very disturbed never again ! ! ! ! nothing was good ugh i will stick with lil ' porgeys !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great pulled pork sandwich ! ! nice and tender the medium sauce had just the right bite ! will come back for sure ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "poboys is great ! ! i had the pulled pork pizza with the original bbq sauce , i was n't sure how pulled pork on pizza would be and i was very happy with my decision , the pizza was great ! someone else at my table ordered a mixed bbq sampler- good . bbq sauce has a good balance of sweet and spicy . what really sold me was the salad bar , i love to add my own fixins to my salad , this is key for me . the other big seller for me ... homemade pie ... amazing . we were too full to actually eat the pie in the restaurant so we took 3 slices home , yes 3 , and all were amazing . service : i went on a friday afternoon for lunch . i was seated quickly and had a water and drink from the bar in a few minutes . my order was taken quickly and our food came out soon after . support a family-owned small business over a chain restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the dentist i had before going to madison no fear was like orin scrivello from little shop of horrors , so i was just terrified when went in for my first visit . i expressed my irrational concerns to the staff and they were more than accommodating during my procedure . i had plenty of ibuprofen , novocaine , and nitrous . they also offered me a fuzzy blanket ( lol ) and headphones ... and a television to distract me while they drilled into my teeth . going to the dentist reduces me to a pathetic , whimpering , stressed-out ... thing , but their efforts to help me get through it were above and beyond anything i expected . for my inevitable next few visits , they 've offered me full sedation , which i think is fantastic . obviously it 's a bit steeper in price , but i think it 's worth it -- especially if you 're like me and you have an irrational fear of the dentist . oh yeah and they have cookies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after visiting a different dentist and basically giving up all hope of being able to afford quality care i remembered previously meeting doctor dave . i remembered him to be a really good guy so i figured why not see what he had to offer . from the moment i walked in i felt valued , not only as a potential client , but as a person . i explained my needs to doctor dave and he was very understanding . i never felt judged for my ( mostly self-imposed ) dental dilemma or my tight finances . he took the time to explain all of my options and even suggested that i break up some of the treatments in order to allow my insurance to better meet my needs . i left that day with tears of hope in my eyes . they have been my dentist ever since and i am pleased beyond words with the care they have given . i went back today and they seemed genuinely glad to see me . and again , the care was exceptional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best . dental . experience . ever ! i had sort of an emergency and these wonderful people got me in the same day , made me feel comfortable and as relaxed as possible . they gained a new patient with me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here with 5 of my friends and family . we had so much fun ! van gogh 's starry night was the challenge . 2 of the people from our group has done this painting thing before . the rest of us ... we are newbies . it was easy to follow instructions to get paints . lots of space to work and move around . loved it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you amy ! our group had so much fun last night . you put up with our corny humor and made my birthday celebration a great time . however much `` artistic ability '' we had was drawn out by your patience and encouragement ! we will be back . i would highly recommend this experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! two friends and i went to paint something festive for the holidays and we had such a great time . the instructor was awesome and made it so easy for my one friend who had never done it before . she made the class so much fun ! my friends and i ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to gogh paint twice now . i love this place ! ! ! i have both my painting hanging in my living room . when people stop by they ca n't believe i painted them . i ca n't wait to go again ! ! : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a fun night ! myself and 3 friends went in for a girls night out . we laughed the entire time . the instructor was easy to follow and we came out of there with some pretty awesome works of art ! the owner is very friendly and the space she has created is open and welcoming . i hope to go back again soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place to take a date ! amy is really nice and knowledgeable . my wife and i had a great time ! the atmosphere is also really nice and makes you feel welcome . the paintings you can do seem easy for beginners with room to put your own touch if you are a little more skilled . i highly recommend this place to put a different spin on your date nights .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife booked this with my 2nephews ( 21yrs old ) and we rolled in with a couple bottle of fine wine and a nice sixer of ipa -- easy set up and a nice relaxed atmosphere -- instructor was very helpful and owner was super nice- what a great night ! ! ! got to paint a custom painting and drink it up -- different than your '' average sat night `` but soo cool ! i highly recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fun and relaxing atmosphere - went for paint your pet night and was surprised what a good time it was . will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "before trying gogh paint , i had never painted anything in my life ! my boyfriend and i have now gone three times and enjoy it every time ! amy is so helpful , funny , and personable ! last night we did get first paint your pet night and loved it ! ! our pup was certain the paintings were actually bigger dogs when we got the canvases home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great and we are so lucky to have it on the west side . my wife and i wanted a fun date night so we took a saturday evening painting class . it was outstanding ! the owner is great and we really enjoyed her step-by-step instruction . added perk- you can bring wine to help unleash your artistic abilities ! a wonderful alternative to our `` typical '' date night .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i surprised my fiancee with a date to the funky tree class and it was awesome ! i have zero artistic ability but my painting came out looking pretty good thanks to amy the instructor . the class was fun and very comfortable . i did not realize that it 's a byob otherwise it would have been even better . we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "long overdue review of this fabulous business . i have been taking my daughter here for two years on saturday mornings for the kid 's painting class . amy and her staff is wonderful and very patient with all of the kids . the price is affordable and you get to take home the wonderful masterpiece that your child painted during class . i definitely give this place five stars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i went with 4 other couples for a `` date '' night . when i asked my husband if he wanted to go , i was surprised that he said yes and was excited about it . when we got there we picked a table , aprons and paint . our instructor was joshua . he explained the steps very well and waited for us to get done with one step before going onto the next . our pictures came out realky good ! i never knew i had a creative side or had talent . lol . i love this place ! i ca n't wait to go back . saturdays at 11 am they do a kids class so we are taking 2 of our girls there . they asked to go once they saw our pictures .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well they finally did take back the mattress and sold me another at what they say was a deep discount . and said it came with no returns this time . most mattresses come with a 30-60 return if you do n't like them . i found the same mattress at a lower price online . i will not return to this store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely love this mattress store ! stumbled upon it by accident with my husband . got a great mattress for a good price . we went to 3 other stores , including a furniture store , to compare mattresses and prices and no one could compete with them . very happy with our purchase ! bob and gerry were wonderful in helping , thank you ! ! ! ! recommend this place to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sleep source is a hidden gem in scottsdale . tucked between a sandwich shop and something else ( ? ) i just happen to see it while i was on my way to sams club to price their beds . i had been to bedmart and mattress firm and thought their prices were very high . i then found out the mattress king acquired mattress firm and bedmart and they pretty much have a monopoly on mattress prices ! ! the variety at sams club was sparse so i thought i would give this store a try . i was greeted by the owner , gerry ( ? ) who was fantastic . he educated me on his brands made suggestions and sold me a beautiful queen bed set . it was delivered free , promptly the next morning and my old bed was hauled away . i would highly suggest you shop this store if you 're in the market for a bed ! you wo n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i were looking for a new mattress recently . after shopping around a bit , we ended up at sleep source . i am so glad that we did ! our salesman bob was fantastic . he was knowledgeable on the product and friendly to work with . we purchased a king size icomfort and love the bed ! delivery was quick , and the delivery men were clean and friendly . just an overall fantastic experience . we would purchase from them again and have already recommended them to friends . thanks sleep source !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whomever runs this place must be one of those folks who thinks it 's cool to be different , because this place annoyingly closes at 8pm , which is much earlier than anywhere else in steelyard commons . i do n't know why this is -- the jewelry store , which has items much more valuable than staples , is open until 9pm . too bad , because i always have a great time when they 're open -- the staff is quite friendly and helpful and they tend to run real sales and discounts on items ( i.e . buy one , get one free ) and not fake sales ( i.e . buy 25 notebooks and get 10 % off of your 26th notebook ) . i always find pens and such to be cheaper than target or wal-mart , so when they 're open , i enjoy going here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have some hard to get toner for my brother multifunction , and these guys had it ! good hours and the service is great . pricing is a little high though", "score": "5"}
{"review": "richard helped my mom sell our north toronto home several years back , and she was very , very happy with the job he did . richard 's a lovely man , totally professional , and really knows what he 's doing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly reccomend richard and kimberley as your real estate agent . the experience and knowledge they have was second to none and they helped me find my dream home at a great price as well as sell my previous home for more than what i expected . thank-you both for a fantastic home buying and selling experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "richard is on top of his game just coming off his role as a treb president . he has led the way in technology and helped many others along the way . his clients i am sure are treated just as he treats his colleagues , helpful in every way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "richard is kind , generous , tech-savvy , forward-thinking , service-focused and genuine ! his servant-heart leadership style compels him to share his knowledge and experience with other real estate professionals in toronto and across the country . he is continually praised , by his peers , for his willingness to share his technology skills and his visionary role in the industry . if you have an opportunity to work with him on the purchase or sale of your home or attend one of his learning sessions - do n't hesitate !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we decided to enter the toronto home buyer market for the 1st time and several of our friends had personally used rizwan malik so we decided to meet with him and see if would be a good fit as our real estate agent . i can not recommend rizwan highly enough , he was attentive and very knowledgeable out the toronto market , he understood right away what we were looking for in our first home and help guide us away from poorly managed and renter buildings and less desirable builders . he was always our advocate , providing advice and information but never pressuring us into making a decision - i feel so lucky to have met and worked with rizwan , he made the stressful process of purchasing a home , as smooth , effortless and entertaining as possible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a consummate professional . without question i would use richard if i was looking to buy real estate in toronto .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rizwan ( malik ) is amazing ! i will recommend him to all our friends . extremely approachable and trustworthy , comes off as knowledgeable and a huge cut above the rest . could not have asked for a better experience navigating this difficult market right now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a loyal client of april since the first time i sat in her chair 5 years ago . she takes the time to listen to her clients and delivers beautiful hair every time . she is passionate about her job , especially making people blonde , ( we do have more fun afterall ) and she never fails to deliver a gorgeous style . i trust her so much that i 've gone to her and told her to do whatever she wanted and she knew me well enough to give me a style that i was comfortable with , but offered a little something different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "april is amazing ! she is an artist when it comes to hair color . i am absolutely amazed every time i leave her chair ! recently i tried a brazilian blowout and it was great ! april did a wonderful job and my hair was soft , frizz-free and manageable for over 6 weeks . her prices are very reasonable and she is super friendly . i recommend anyone looking to have perfect hair give her a call . i believe she is in the sara stanley beauty suites now at:602-892-4972 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you april for doing an amazing job on my blonde ! my color came out perfect ! = ) happy girl . a+", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lea is an incredibly caring , talented dance instructor ! las vegas is fortunate to have her back in town . looking forward to all of the classes she has to offer the kids .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we loved working with lea . she motivates her students and makes dance & cheer so much fun while paying close attention to technique . i highly recommend xelement . i am looking forward to zumba classes there as well . what a fun way to work out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son can not wait for this to open . he is so excited . lea is the best at what she does .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lea taught our girls in maryland for 5 years and we 're sad she 's gone - she was like family . our oldest daughter continues to dance now in college thanks to lea . i 'm sure her studio will be as incredible as it was here - we miss her ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have shopped here on a few occasions and each time i have received friendly and helpful service . they have many holistic products that are uncommon and hard to find anywhere else , like mango butter for the skin . they also have a great selection of vitamins , supplements and essential oils . it 's small , a bit crowded when it comes to space and gives that mom and pop store kinda atmosphere . they also offer fresh cooked meals and juice shakes and alkaline water that you can try out and buy jugs by the gallon for an incredible price of $ 1.99 . your first gallon is free with a purchase of a $ 0.99 jug . great stuff . i love having specialty stores like these around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my go to spot for supplements and alkaline water refills . they have a sandwich soup juice bar and the staff is always helpful with answering questions and education on products . it 's a bit small inside , but serves the purpose if you know what you 're looking for .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a great , little store ! i finally tried it after reading all the reviews . i went in a while ago , but it was after 3pm and they do not serve food after that time ( they do , however , continue to make smoothies ) . this time around i made sure to get there well in advance . i tried a tofu-brat with sauteed onions and peppers . it was served on a wheat bun.my husband got the veggie burger . there is n't a place to sit and eat inside , but there are two patio swinging chairs in the front . i 'd suggest eating on the porch or taking it to one of the nearby parks . they make it fresh and while you wait you can check out all the natural and organic products . i did n't try a smoothie , but many other customers did and i think i 'll return to try one . the smoothies looked very refreshing and good for you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "strange little place with health supplements and a deli . i really appreciate the vegan options for lunch and the smoothies , but we are 1 for 3 in thinking we would order the same food again . they also seem to have everything for the health-minded individual whatever health mind you have ( gluten free , vegan , organic , whatnot ) . they actually carry my favorite vegan protein powder , unfortunately it 's about $ 7-10 cheaper when i order it from amazon ... i know , i know , buy local . sorry . one thing i do n't really like is that it seems like a cluster ordering and waiting around and i always feel like i 'm in the way . i do believe you can phone in an order to be ready for pickup which may not be a bad idea . it 's definitely worth checking out and they do have a coupon in the entertainment book to save a couple bucks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a common lunch stop for me . their bean burritos are win , however i do n't recommend the pizza burrito , everything they have they can make vegan , just remember to specify that or you might get chezzzed . this is really just a store with a great lunch shop , so while your waiting on your food you can browse all of the goodies they have in there shop . low-and-behold one day i picked up vegan chocolate-peanut butter cups ! i recommend getting lunch from this place at least once and remember bean burrito not pizza burrito , unless , ya ' know , that 's the sort of thing your into .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cool ! one of the few remaining unique ( non-chain ) `` health food '' ( as we used to call them ) stores ! this place has been here many years ! love to get `` salt '' style ( not the brand name ) deodorant here ! last time i was here i asked for a few products and they sold me two other products that i did not think were similar ( i do not speak the `` health food '' language i just go in there and speak broken english and usually it works ) any way i used the products and they worked very well , so i 'm impressed ! park in kennelworh commons lot ! ! ! parking may be difficult if you want to get into there small and hard to get in lot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's small and crowded , but they 've got a great selection of organic goodies . i do n't hit them up as much for groceries , though , as i do for lunch and smoothies . my favorite is the tofu dog . it 's rare to find a good tofu dog in charlotte , and somehow , it 's just not the same to make it at home . they make a righteous faux hotdog at berrybrook , and i make a trip across town to eat there pretty frequently . they 've also got excellent smoothies . i 'm a fan of the berry flavor , but there 's several options to choose from . you sometimes have to wait a while at lunch , as it can get a little crowded . there 's not a lot of space to eat in or outside , but i 've had a few interesting conversations with people who 've shared my front porch swing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "vitamins , shakes , food , soups , fruits ! ! great place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the mother wolf soup is full of flavor and a little spice i am hooked ! also the blueberry smoothie is great price is right for the food . i just wish their have space out side with tables", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a little pricey but it does n't get more `` natural '' than this . great juice bar and cool stuff to buy if you 're into super hardcore natural foods .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in for a smoothie . they were very good and the staff there helped hook me up with vitamins and probiotics . they are so friendly and knowledgeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to this place after yelping juice bars and i was pleasantly surprised ! the juice was awesome and super healthy . i 'm from the boston area and i am always traveling so it 's always good to find a good juice bar . the people were so nice and suggested which juice to go with . i would not hesitate to go here . the store is full of other goodies including health and beauty products . come here for sure ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best place in the city for vitamins and a quick healthy juice or smoothie . the customer service is excellent . i have never been there one time when i have not learned something new from their well trained and informed staff . i always leave with a friendly smile and warm well wishes . truly charming ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious smoothies and juices . we are going to try and add this as a routine stop on the way to freedom park and drink them as we stroll around with our pup . have not tried any of the food items yet , though i hear they are delicious as well . good quality and very fresh . you will have to wait a bit , especially on busy day , but no big deal , they have some good products in the store to look at .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only been here once as i heard from a friend the veggie burgers were good and i typically do n't get them in meat serving establishment , so i checked it out . it was n't busy ... which is good as parking is limited in the front of the place . the space is small inside too with one having to take their food to go . as i waited for my lunch i looked around at all the products they sell though nothing that had me wanting to be a regular shopper here ( though i probably should be ) . a nice vegan option .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "zesty black bean burger is my favorite . they have the best cream of spinach soup i 've ever had ! i have also come here for different natural supplements and other products and everyone is very knowledgable of the products there . love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered a pineapple ginger ale shake and while many love it , i was n't a fan . i think it 's just me . small place with lots to offer . ladies making my shake were n't super friendly but the lady working the main cashier was really nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mom and pop stores are so rare now ... i feel like i only see them once in a blue moon in brooklyn or in the middle of nowhere nc . anyways this place is super cute and they have full time advertising for healthy eating to the max ! i stopped by for a smoothie and got more than i expected . yum ! future stops are probably in the workings ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is what a health food store should be like . not some supermarket of organic , but a nice local store that carries enough for you to get most of what you want . i 'm only in nc for a month , so i 'm not sure what i should expect in the organic produce scene , but this is the one place berrybrook farm appears to come up short . they have some , but it 's not the freshest . i 'm not sure where you get organic produce in charlotte , but if i find someplace in my next three weeks here i 'll let you know : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i try to drink an everything on a daily basis . since i started this routine , i 've never felt better . this place is super chill , and a few of them even know my name . see you soon , guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the people who work here are so nice . i had a very nice conversation with one of the ladies about where to find my favorite brand of tea . although this store had a pretty nice selection of tea , and i even found one that i had been craving for a while . anyway , this place had a lot to offer in the way of organic groceries . not a very big place , but they make up for it with a fabulous deli . they have some awesome smoothies and soup .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its a great atmosphere and super friendly , highly recommend the breakfast sandwiches and all the amazing products that you can find .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "funky , spunky ... .just give me the soup ! ! ! believe it or not , but this place has the best soup in charlotte ! do n't be afraid to browse around the eclectic shop with many many organic & natural ( genuinely ) wares ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a place for people that know what they want . ... healthy food . many vegan and vegetarian options . delicious soups . i have not purchased any of their many non-food offerings since i do n't use supplements . tempting smoothies and juices . parking can be an issue , but i visit at off peak times . not once have i bought food here that disappointed . it 's is always what you expect , always good . my idea of a staycation would be to sit on the front porch swing , smoothie sipping and people watching .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible customer service ! i went in looking for some guidance on holistic treatments and the woman seemed aggravated when i asked for help . she was super defensive and unable to answer any of my questions . i left without any products or answers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first time visiting . great customer service . came for kids upset stomach and headache . a lady helped with that & suggested a kid probiotic . she asked probing questions about the headache source to recommend the right product ( stress , tension , etc ) . the gentleman at checkout told me about seed cycling for females-greatly appreciated . the store has a lot of items for different issues like pain , aches , female care , wellness , oils , cleaning pets , personal care -- many more . will certainly be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store reminds me of growing up in ca ... i would always go into our local health food store and find any and everything i wanted . i typically look for items i can not find in big stores . what i love about berry brooks was the homely feeling and the fact that the cashier took her time to hear my needs and grab all the items she thought would benefit me..she was honest enough to let me know what i did n't need as well . left out of there with acidic water ( free ) ( for my face ) , alkaline water for me ( $ 1.96 gallon ) , probiotics , african soap , facial lotion , vitamins and a pb & j smoothie had n't received customer service like that in a long time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place in charlotte for smoothies and health food . go with a few extra minutes and check out this hole in the wall local health food store and bar . love the nutty finger w almond milk and no honey - great post workout snack ! sweet staff and great products for those into more natural , not processed way of living will be back again and again and again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "berrybrook farm is a small little building off east blvd that is jam packed with goodies . this place has never jumped out at me before , & it does n't seem like it would be worth a trip inside . but if you like natural , organic stuff , they have a large selection of goodies for you . i headed in here for an all natural smoothie & checked out the rest of the store while it was being made . they have a juice bar with a good selection of smoothies & other natural juice drinks . i perused through the shelves & was shocked at how much stuff they pack into this place . they have a couple fridge freezer door sections filled with drinks & food , & they also had a dry grocery section . along with the food drink sections , they also have natural remedies section packed to the brim . so i grabbed my smoothie after checking out the rest of the store & loved my strawberry flip . it was a quick trip & i 'll make sure to head here again if i 'm in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first visit and i already know i 'll never see the hankins road location again . who can resist a shiny new gym ? there are plenty of machines , space , and best of all , there 's a women 's only section . being rather gym shy , i appreciate this feature . time to get pumped up a little", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the new location is large and more welcoming than their previous location . there 's also a women 's only work out area for those that done feel comfortable out in the open . the `` green '' area offers ropes for all members and not just private clients of the personal trainers so that 's a bonus . in addition , be locker rooms offer individual changing rooms and showers with doors on instead of just curtains . the saunas are still undergoing inspections but should open soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are going to go to fitness connection , this is the one to go to . my only complaint is that at the kids center , there have been a few times i have gone to drop off my daughter , and the girls working there have not even acknowledged my or my child 's presence . also , one of the girls in particular is always on her cellphone , i never see her interact with the kids . i have also walked in on conversations between the employees and guests , where they are cursing heavily in front of the children . as a mother , i expect my daughter to receive much better care than that . thankfully , for the most part , my daughter seems to enjoy herself , and there are always plenty of girls working the care center to counteract the ones who seem to be slacking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent location relative to campus , fun and friendly staff who really care about your workout , all the equipment you 'll need , plenty of trainers who seem to know what they 're doing ( i have n't worked with one , so no 1st hand experience ) . they 're the only off-campus gym that has round plates , which makes a difference if you lift anything from the floor ( do n't let the other gyms try to convince you otherwise ) . only thing i could ask for is a squat rack with more adjustable heights . otherwise , all of my needs have been met and my experience has been excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been a member and training client since january 2014 . this is a great gym mainly because of the staff , especially the training staff . everyone here is super helpful and very accommodating . i have had 2 different trainers and both were awesome and really helped me in reaching my goals by tailoring workouts to my specific needs . i only knocked off one star because the amenities could be better . they have all of the equipment anyone would need so once they move to the new location and add a few things i might update to 5 stars . side note : i 'm not sure why one of the previous reviews said she had a hard time cancelling the membership , one of my coworkers came to the gym and cancelled on the spot without any additional charges ( my coworker only cancelled because our executive park put in a free gym ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great value , huge location and i go at off peak hours so it is not that crowded . i have been during the rush before and it is way too crowded to get in a workout .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff there is n't very helpful when you ask them to show you how to use one exercise equipment they do n't know how to use it", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this gym . the media room is one of my favorite features , although they seem to show the same movies over and over . lately , the machines have n't been cleaned well enough . i do n't know what 's going on but clean machines are so important in a gym . too many germs and infections can break out . the entire machine needs to be wiped down , not just handles .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unbelievably blown away by the professionalism of the staff at this location . i worked with jarred burcham . he really talked me through my fitness goals and got me over my fears of large gyms . he was knowledgeable and very helpful . this location in amazing and i am so happy i chose this gym to start my fitness goals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall i like the newer fitness connection in the university . it is large , has a lot of equipment , and is kept clean . they have two very nice racquetball courts . my biggest complaint is that it 's hard to find people to play racquetball with . for some reason they wo n't allow a sign up sheet at the front desk . i do n't understand why this is . every other gym that has racquetball has a sign up sheet to find fellow racquetball players . how is a person supposed to find people to play racquetball with ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome gym . friedly and honest staff . has all the amenities needed to get or stay fit", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this gym is awesome ! brand new facilities ! great staff . they will help you sign up for a membership and give you a good deal . keely at the front desk was friendly and helped me out with understating branched chain amino acids supplement . to this day i drink it this day after every work out ! it 's amazing ! sign up today for a membership ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good gym . friendly staff . the facility is kind of small compared to all the other locations .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bad staff they need people who really wants to work the gym is not 24 7 they need to fix the hours because last time i was depending on it and the gym was close at 10 '' o clock .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this gym here 5 days a week . waited weeks for the sauna to be completed and now that it 's completed it does n't even get hot . i frequently go to other locations and the saunas are hot but not at this one and it sucks because it 's a bigger sauna .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ken and his wife run a small but powerful business . it 's a powerful business because they are good at what they do : ken is a master electrician and knows the nuts and bolts of repairing a house and his wife is very knowledgeable as well , especially about what 's in the store . they are both very pleasant people to boot . the store itself is tiny and musty and seems a bit cluttered so it can be sometimes difficult finding stuff but ken and his wife are very helpful and they know exactly where things are located . the store is very well stocked ; you 'll inevitably find what you want ! the prices are a bit on the higher side than at the bigger volume stores , but that 's to be expected . they also carry pet food ! 4 stars to ken and his wife . 3 stars to the store itself .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great local hardware store , has everything you need.. very convenient when you need keys cut , or pet food , or you need to fix something quick ! the staff are very knowledgeable and ken and his wife are very friendly folks . you can also order things off the home hardware website and it will be waiting for you at the store in a couple of days . save yourself from making a trip out to the big box stores !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like going here . it 's a bit like avoiding the home depot bud light and going to a local brewery instead . there are three owners employees that i 've come across when going in and each one is helpful and friendly . i particularly appreciate the guy who usually emerges from the back area when a customer walks in . he 'll help you solve your conundrum with a twinkle in his eye , and seems to maintain a work shed behind the store with various projects based on one visit when i had the good fortune to check it out . prices can be , but are n't necessarily , higher than the big boxes , but i 'm much happier walking to get hardware supplies than navigating dupont and keele traffic in a car . i 've also heard great things about the owner , ken , and his electrician skills from various neighbourhood groups .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lowe 's has replaced home depot for me . i love that lowe 's is bright , airy , wide open , not cluttered , and has a super helpful staff . i recently bought a new home and found the best lighting options here , for my kitchen . i do n't know about the tools , and pieces parts that guys look for , but they seem to have everything that home depot does . i 'm much more comfortable being a woman , at lowe 's . there 's something intimidating at home depot , and i can never find what i 'm looking for . prices are very reasonable of not only pennies more than home depot . i 'm looking forward to spring time for a few home projects , and lowe 's will be my go to place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst experience i have ever had . went to this store for a few items . spent more than an hour and a half looking for items , either given the wrong location of items or they did n't know ! finally in desperation i asked to talk to the manager . after waiting for the manager i told him of my experience ! i told him i wanted just a plastic putty knife . took me to the isle and they were out . none in stock ... really . called home office and i was told i would get a call in 24 hours . never happened ... obviously lowe 's does n't need the business ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stay away ! ! i would give negative stars if possible ! the worst customer service experience i 've ever had . i purchased $ 3k+ in appliances , bought the protection plans and had their store install for us to ensure accuracy . my refrigerator is now leaking and all parties claim it is not their issue , and they will not fix it . rico , the store manager , was unapologetic , not helpful and down right rude . he simply repeated over and over that it `` was n't his issue . '' losing my whole family as customers is his issue . my mom worked at lowe 's for 15 years . home depot just gained a new customer thanks to rico and his shitty customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good people here . not a fan of the giant home center stores , but i 'm always greeted with friendly and helpful employees at this location . thumbs up for this one .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they had the exact umbrella stand we needed with no missing pieces . service was speedy as well . the other lowe 's in strongsville sold us a stand without a plug to hold in the water .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was my first time in the actual building , any other lowes experience was in the garden area . what did i take from my experience ? employees who did not seem to want to help customers , in fact one that was filling out our paperwork to buy a dishwasher apologized for being stopped by another customer and made the comment `` sorry , you put this red vest on and everyone asks you questions '' . um yeah , i hate to break it to you but you are in customer service . due to my lack of patience and thinking the better deals were at lowes i opened a credit card last night anticipating buying the appliance . if i had not done that we would have left and gone to home depot , which is where we should have gone in the first place . stick with home depot folks , the customer service is far superior to lowes", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service is slow , but one of the few places in town that can get same day glasses for higher prescription lenses after noon . plus they have a $ 30 one year warranty where they will replace fix the glasses up to three times in one year . huge deal since frame fixers charges $ 55 to repair ! and they offer a straight 50 % off everything for kids 12 and under , then give you the paperwork to submit back to your insurance if you are out of network .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the doctor at lens crafters is great , however , there is one staff member who will push contacts on you like no other even when you nicely decline , because she will `` get you the best deal there is '' even though they do n't price match . when i respectfully decline your offer of contact lenses because i do n't have the extra money , your sales pitch should stop . their contacts are also more expensive than any other office that i called . i will not return to lens crafters for exams or contact lenses based on this staff member . i even mentioned to the doctor that she was beyond pushy and he did n't seem concerned .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do n't get your eye exam here . the staff is very friendly as they rip you off with fee after excessive fee , on top of any insurance coverage you may have . they may even suggest financing . you should not need to get financing to get an eye exam .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we waited 45 minutes even with an appointment . very high pressured sales . we were a cash patient and received no discounts . glasses were overpriced and an attitude across the board . the one sales person was very nice but asked for basic lenses and ended up spending $ 400 . buyer beware .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my eye examiner was dr. efrem prado and he was very thorough , pleasant , and just plain nice ! he was a delightful experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gah , you ever been to a restaurant , and the chef and his food is amazing , but the servers and the managers in the place are crap ? that 's the equivalent of this place . i have n't met the doctors who run their practice towards the back of the store , but i 'm sure they are fine guys . it 's their staff that is dragging them down . i only came to this place because my regular doctor , dr. mclaughlin , spends a lot of her time practicing here . i guarantee you that you 'll have to wait a minimum of 45 minutes for your appointment and the office staff will not come out to apologize or update you . there 's only like two examination rooms in the back , and they must way overbook appointments or something , the office manager is really unfriendly , and she actually made mistakes on billing our appointment . i will give it to her that she did call us after i left bad feedback in an email survey , but c'mon , you 're supposed to already offer friendly customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came here once to buy one of my eyeglasses and the service ( like about 7 years ago ) were very helpful . however , i came back a couple of weeks ago to see if they can get one of my eyeglasses fixed and just wanted to ask a question . and they were completely rude and i did n't even get to finish my question and the person that helped me just said `` no , we do not fix that ! i was surprised by this encounter and was kind of offended . ( maybe because i was n't buying an eyeglass frame from them ) . the only pro i would say is that they do have a great selection of high-end frames ! but im pretty hesitant on going back there again even though they have a frame that i really liked.lol .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this company broke their hipaa privacy law , also did not follow the fairness to contact lens consumers act . a doctors office provided the unnecessary paperwork that lens crafters asked for , still getting no prescriptions faxed back to them . i will never be back . i have switched my business from them to visionworks , and have never been treated better by them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible management ! ! ! when i bought my glasses they offered the insurance , which i bought , and they said should anything happen to my glasses they would be replaced . needless to say cheryl did not disclose the copay and here i am paying for my replacement glasses . when we told the manager that she never explained the copay , which she never did , he state multiple times well like i said i wasnt here when the transaction occurred so i would have to ask her and seeing as she has been one of my long time employees i know she did explain it and go with what she said . we will be filing a bbb complaint . do yourselves a favor folks and go somewhere else where there is some sort of customer service or at least to another lenscrafters where they actually treat you with respect and do n't give you the its this way or the highway option .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been to this location in the past . great service and equipment . i will definitely be going back . i have recommended lenscrafters to others based on speed , thoroughness , explanation of benefits , and selection ( although not as varied at the henderson location ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rude . rude . rude . the employees there have some serious issues . i came in just asking a question about my glasses and the male employee . who 's name i did n't catch ... was unhelpful and condescending . he would n't hand me my glasses back after i told him i 'd just take them to my regular eye doctor . he continued to try and persuade me on staying there and after that bad service no way in hell ... save your time do n't come here..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fabulous staff , very polite . we showed up pretty early , and they still got us in and out before my appointment time even passed . extremely knowledgable , explained everything they were doing , patient and fabulous with kids . the only downfall is when we went , it was extremely crowded in the waiting area . seating was very limited . otherwise , i give them 2 thumbs up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "glasses and optometrist are two separate offices so they bill you separately . they do n't take davis vision and vsp is out of network for the optometry at least . we had to wait 10 minutes for the glasses sales lady to check benefits . i do n't think she told us they were out of network , even though they should have . she said it was $ 50 and 30 % ... ok well what the heck does that mean ! ! so some other lady jumped in and said $ 50 off and 30 % off whatever is left . lenscrafters has a good selection of glasses , but if we went to an in network office we would be getting $ 150 off our glasses and 20 % off whatever is leftover . i noticed a very long wait as people were filling out paperwork . not entirely sure what they were waiting for , glasses or an eye checkup ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was great . went in on a sunday without an appointment and just over 2hours later walked out with an eye exam and new glasses . all the staff was great and very helpful", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did not see the doctor , i only came here for glasses . i already forgot the optician 's name , and she was absolutely wonderful . after my last bad experience with an optician , i decided to try lenscrafters because of their selection ( that did not disappoint ) . they are high tech , take pictures of you with glasses on , place them side-by-side , so you can see what you look like with glasses on . they also have different sorts of packages when it comes to your lenses . but over-all , the customer service , selection and quality were 5 stars . oh , and by the way , your glasses are ready in one hour if you 're a regular single vision .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i had appointments together on a saturday . there hours are perfect for our busy lives . we each saw a different dr. and had similar great experiences with them . their technology is great as we did n't have to have our eyes dilated due to this . the drs explained everything about the tests and what they were for . the optician that helped us both figure out frames and fittings was great and very knowledgeable about his field . my husband and i both left feeling like we got the best of care for our eyes . we move around a lot due to my husbands career so we in turn have to always change physicians , dentists , eye drs etc ... this is one of the best experiences we have had so far moving here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "be prepared to wait a lifetime for your glasses . sure , you can make an appointment but your exam will take forever ... ... ... .. then it takes even longer to go through the frames process . i like the staff so much but i just wish it did n't take 3-4 hours just for glasses .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "awesome . i do n't usually report in places i 've been , but this one wholly deserved it . from everything to the clean venue , well dressed professional staff straight to the actual store manager handling my experience with checking in and out made for a super impressive impression on me . 10 10 would always recommend anyone with eye glass optometry needs to go here . seen by : dr. jenny tran ; phenomenal experience , very professional . she had an answer for everything i asked her , and she answered with certainty . sarah , store manager ; she greeted us on the way in and was actually the one to handle our transactions on the way out . she really helped make the whole experience a breeze .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was treated very well on my recent visit . the doctor and staff were knowledgeable and caring . i was impressed with the fact that they were able to use my current frames for my new prescription . i was more impressed that they were able to do this within less than an hour , as they are progressive lens ' . the last time i had progressive lens ' done at a different place , the glasses had to be `` sent out '' and i had to wait about a week . i was thrilled to leave there being able to see : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "location is great . it 's in the mall so if you need to do an exam you can send your family off to explore rather than sit in a waiting room . they 're very accommodating of children . they work with your schedule to get you in as quickly as possible . staff is knowledgeable and nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service and such a friendly and helpful staff they have . was seen right away , even-though i was early for my appointment . the doctor and the staff fully explained everything to me regarding my care an , benefits and through helping me pick out my contacts and new glasses .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they are always nice and on time with appointments . one time the staff messed up my appointment but still saw me anyways . they went out of their way.. i also like the selection of glasses they offer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "danger you are going to be ripped off on the glasses if you go there.. the eastern european woman added so much stuff to my eyeglasses like uv protection and bifocal and scratch resistance etc etc etc i started taking stuff of still she got me for 155 $ and my daughter fir 185 $ : she was telling me for kids you have to have this she makes you feel obligated to get it or your child cant see sad when you need her help and she is trying to make the commission by giving junk you can live without ... . picked up my glasses and found that she gave me bifocal while i asked for uv only got 55 $ credited after waisting 2 days more ... . in short be careful or better stay away", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr. kelli mclaughlin fitted my rgp 's and could not have done a better job . she took the time to make sure i had the best fit and that my seeing ability was the best it could be . these are most comfortable contacts i have ever worn to date . the staff was friendly , attentive and on-time . ( a big plus for me ) i will go back gladly for follow-ups as needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "your eyes and the health of your eyes are in good hands here . from the moment you make an appointment to the moment you leave everything is friendly , precise , professional and uses the latest technology . i will keep coming here and will recommend this practice to anyone and everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best lens crafters ever ! i popped in to have my glasses adjusted and check if i had scratch protection , i got my glasses fixed , my daughters glasses adjusted , and ordered glasses for my sons glasses too ! aaron is amazing talk to him ! he finds deals and is great at matching glasses to faces ! ! i truly can not say enough about aaron 's ability , attitude , and personality ! thank you lens crafters for employing quality people !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was the least professional eye exam i have ever received . additionally after picking u the new frames and glasses the prescription was completely wrong and by the way not inexpensive . i went back and the dr. stated . `` well just use your old prescription . '' if you value your sight and who does n't stay away !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i visited lenscrafters in mid february , saw the doctor , got glasses and contacts . i was very impressed with everyone there . especially nancy who was extremely helpful in choosing the perfect frames . danielle was amazing , she is one of the options there and she went above and beyond . i have a seizure disorder and the bright lights during the tests can be extremely difficult for me as they may cause my siezures . i had a few small seizures and she was so helpful . she treated me with so much respect and the care she displayed was really endearing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was having a serious vision problem and was able to get an appointment for the next day . dr. mclaughlin and the staff solved my problem and explained everything clearly . i replaced both my clear glasses and sunglasses and was able to pick up the new glasses same day . excellent customer service . i highly recommend this lenscrafters an dr. mclaughlin and staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone was so helpful . every one of the eye exams were explained , pictures of my eyes were thoroughly explained to me by the doctor , who not to mention took his time with me and made me feel like they wanted me there . and glasses to choose from were awesome . got glasses and sunglasses . only drawback is they take off the logo of the frames you buy and put their logo . if i 'm paying $ 300 for raybans , i want to see the rayban sign . it was an extra $ 30 to keep the original sign on there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to lens crafters at the galleria mall a few days ago and i can say that i was satisfied with the service . dr. prado was great and explained everything that i needed . i got my new specs in an hour and i am very satisfied with it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst experience in years . hidden fees and ridiculous charges . walk out . certainly would not recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they were very helpful and the staff went above and beyond to make sure i was comfortable . their front staff , particularly heaven , was very helpful . i would recommend this location a lot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and wonderful staff . dr. eusebio was very thorough , pleasant manner and concerned for his patients . tess was a great help picking out new frames and working with my insurance . very good experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time contact lens users beware ! . do n't expect to see as good as having your glasses on and be ready to compromise on how good your vision can be . i was told this after i paid a special $ 209 first time contact fee for fitting me and all . then the lady makes sure i know there is no refunds . i did n't ask for a refund . i asked why i was n't given this compromise information before i paid $ 209 . i would n't have proceeded if i knew i had to compromise . bait and switch . that 's how i feel i was treated . if i ca n't see the street sign what good are they . why did i waste my time and money . did n't receive a prescription so i could get a second opinion . why is there an $ 85 special fee for contacts and i do n't get my prescription . i 've been a customer here for approximately 10 years . wow .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super easy and quick . doctor shared lots of information about my eyes and tests . glasses done in an hour ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hisssss ! boooo ! bought a pair of glasses with all the coated hype and progressive lens parts . less than two years they went bad and i was told they were out of warrantee . they really never worked well for me and even when i went back they said after the expired period they could not replace them . the folks i talk to are not optometrists or doctors and care less about you , your glasses , and what they cost . want to for a victim of being ripped off go to lenscrafters . check any other eye care service , notice they are all much much better ! my cost was almost $ 800 after 2 years they are worthless !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and myself got our exam and glasses done there , quick , easy , great doctors and staff felt very comfortable . so loving the new glasses ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice staff , good doctors and ample selection of frames . will definitely return next year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great eye care equipment . i 've been going to walmart for several years , and i have n't received as thorough care there than i did here . the staff was all very knowledgeable and friendly , and the doctor was kind as well . i made my appointment online , and received multiple reminders , which is great with my crazy schedule . the associate that helped me pick out my glasses must have been new , because she seemed a bit awkward and hovered around me a bit as i was picking frames , but she eventually caught on that i wanted some time , and let me be . she was pleasant overall , and my experience was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great friendly and helpful people . plus i like the fact that i got my glasses in an hour . 100 times better and friendlier then pearl vision on marks street .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently went in for an eye exam and was really impressed with their equipment and all the different things they tested . everyone was really nice and explained every step of the way . i 'll definitely be back next year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service whilst selling me the glasses . decent choice . spent around $ 350 . about four months later , a small screw had come loose and the nose pad had come off . visited the store to see i could get the part . unfortunately not . this obviously happened all the time as the assistant handed me a pre-printed map , from a large stack , behind the counter to a competitor 's location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "lens crafters is the place i will only go for my eye care they are all very nice and helpful they take the time to explain all aspects of the process of either getting contacts or glasses i would highly recommend them to anyone truly happy there thank you nancy b .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it really a stupid place to go get your eye check they in a mall ok . we called make an appointment they asked for insurance information an all that . when we got there sit waited 30 min later i asked the receptionist how longer she told me there is 3 more appointment ahead of us . now what kind of shit is that . why the f do you need an appointment for in the first place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i thought about a 4 star rating but i actually ca n't think of anything they could have done better very friendly professional and courteous everything about my exam to my fitting for contact lenses was top rate highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sitting here waiting , waiting , waiting to be seen by a doctor . staff have taken my husband back a few times but then they just deposit us back out in the waiting room . plenty of bored staff milling around but apparently no doctor ( or ridiculously over scheduled ) . i only gave this place 2 instead of 1 because some of the staff were friendly . recommend avoiding this place !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "awful . went in on good faith and they screwed me over . on top of that they treated me like shit . not worth the aggravation . go somewhere else ! ! ! do n't be like the idiot i was", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time here even though this establishment is near my home . nice pub . high energy . pumped up music . plenty of tvs if you want to watch a game . friendly service . nice atmosphere . salsa on fridays . plenty of parking spaces . i ca n't comment on their food menu as nothing was vegan . overall great pub . check it out if you are from the area but do n't feel like going all the way down town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "on a wednesday night , london pub company is still packed ! they must be doing something right ? happy hour specials with 1 2 price appetizer on weekdays ? daily specials monday to thu from 5 pm to 12 am , $ 2.99 burger ? $ 13 a pitcher ? great place to just meet up for a drink and chill . free wifi ? heated patio ? service is a little lukewarm and slow but still acceptable . i will be back !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "london pub is the best bar you can go to on richmond hill 's yonge street simply because it is not the falcon and firkin . the food is good and the drinks are reasonably priced . the nightly specials offer a benefit to the customer , especially if you take advantage of wing night tuesdays . this is a good bar in an otherwise scarce market .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is great . i got good service and even better fajitas and poppers for dinner recently . my friend got a pina colada and said it was a bit strong . the place is really dark and it can be really really , i mean really loud ! i believe it depends on what day of the week and what time you go here . what i also like about the place is the spacious parking lot . if you want to chill with friends and be able to hear one another i would recommend going there before 9 pm , but if you 're the testosterone raging type who wants to make it clear that you possess a y chromosome by cheering for the home team then you 're in the right place after 10 pm .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here with my boyfriend for new years eve without much planning , and it was an overall positive experience ! when we came in , we were greeted by a friendly bouncer who let us know that the cover was $ 20 each ( expected for nye ) . the entry fee came with a complimentary glass of champagne , and some party gear ( party hats , sunglasses ) .. which we did not receive , even after we asked . the dj was phenomenal ... probably the best i 've ever heard in my life , so i took his business card so i would n't forget his name ( it 's dj d~lo btw ) . the tables around us were friendly , and i even ended up dancing with the people sitting around us . overall , it was a great night with a real friendly atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great nachos , packed house , however service was slow as there was only two servers , overall great atmosphere and nice patio", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dr modesta is a great dr . her office staff has occasionally not followed through as professionally as i would have hoped , however .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dr. modesta is great . her staff over books her and is incompetent to indifferent at best .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so disappointing . went for a new patient visit , soar throat and dry spot on my elbow . they ran a lot of different blood work , sent it to two different labs . one paid and one did n't . i called the doctors office they said they do n't check what your insurance will cover . they send certain labs to one place and other labs to another place . they said people that have been going there for a long time no to have them send it to their covered lab . it would be nice to know that and to know they were going to order more labs that what they told me about", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in the area ? like food ? are you with a large group of people who all want something different ? come here . seriously . with at least 20 different eateries to choose from you ca n't go wrong . i have a crush on sandwiches so i decided to check out `` keep fit '' . not only does this little place offer various healthy bread options but they have at least 20 different quality meat , cheese , veggie and spread selections . once you 've created your sandwich master piece they will even grill it panini style . get the olive spread it is absolutely delicious ! since this place is near the college the food court gets fairly packed and a bit hot during lunch time so i would recommend getting your food to go and eating at the park across the street .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is deceptively sketchy from the outside , but its exterior belies a heart of gold . truthfully , one of the downtown core 's best food courts ; far better fare that you will find in the hyper-commercialised restaurants that the path has to offer . try manpuku , a japanese eatery tucked away in a corner , but one of the best finds in the mall . mean bao is excellent as well , as is sakura . incredibly inexpensive - it 's near impossible to spend more than $ 10 here , and very possible to spend less than $ 5 . if you 're a metropass holder , and work in the financial district , the journey here is well worth it . a quick jaunt away for those who work on university , and convenient for ocad students too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what some people think are semantics is really ignorance on their part . village by the grange is community development co-op of 10 residential buildings and several dozen town homes at their bases as well as in the courtyard behind this mall . they set out to build a mini city ( village ) in the heart of toronto downtown with a co-op feeling and type of operation . the mall on the north east corner is an eclectic taste of all the residents who live there . there is no real definition of what was suppose to be in the mall , but over time a lot of retailers who cater to tourist seemed to have moved in . the mall is also a good snacking dining for the many students from the ocad university nearby as well as many of their staff . though the food stalls are good for quick cheap bites but i wished there was an actual grocery store and not a convenience store .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the only reason i come to villlage by the grange , is to eat at manpuku and grab a bubble tea on my way out . it 's not a place i would come to deliberately , but it 's a quiet place to study on weekends since they do n't blast annoying music in the food court area . it 's a quick walk from st. patrick subway station , and if you 're a student , there are lots of budget food options here in the food court , and quite a bit of variety . there are lots of empty shops , which is a bit depressing , but understandable given the recession and the location of this mall .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the new italian sandwich place in there is by far one of the best sandwiches places i have ever been to . the roast beef and veal panini has blown me away . my life will never be the same after eating the veal panini that i have just consumed . his serrano peppers blew my mind .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite reason to visit village by the grange ? besides satisfying a big mac attack , or a need for a peek throughout kaka fafa , i duck in here to get out of the gross winter elements en route to the subway station .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for an older mall like environment it 's okay . it 's near where i work on sundays and convenient to pop by for a drink or snack .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i always come here for my nails . the people who work here are very sweet . welcome walk-ins . inexpensive . love the way my nails turn out every time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a below the knee amputee . i went for a mani pedi . i was charged full price for my pedicure and 7.00 more than the advertised price for my fill ! ! ! my foot is rough and the polish is chipping ! 2 nails are broke and one is chipping ! i do not recommend going here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they 're by far the worst , when the lady was removing my old set she hurt me and made me bleed ! ! so horrible experience never again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tiffany did a great job on my pedicure and manicure will be back every month . located in the spanish oaks plaza , close to home awesome : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my second time here and i like it . it 's down the road from my house and it 's nice inside despite outside the doors . it 's not in a good location , but everyone is so nice to me here . i never have an appointment and it 's okay just to walk in . last time i had my face waxed from here and it turned out real nice . my eyebrows were n't out of shape like others have done . she was so nice and took me in line . this place was busy but very nice . i 'll be back soon : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "be careful of hidden charges they slap you with at the end . way too over priced for the quality of work they do . will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is awesome love . the people and thier work highly recommend they go out of their way to please high fives i would drive a long way just for the wonderful experience", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place have coming here for over 9 years . they always take care of me , i can walk in at 650pm ( they close @ 7pm ) and they will still do my nails , hair , pedicure , eyebrows exc.. what ever i need . i highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first impression was that it was going to take a long time , as there were many customers before me . but i have never experienced someone that work faster with nails than john . it was so fast then suddenly it was my turn . he also worked with two clients simultaneously . when i was almost finished , i switched to a chair next to it . and then got the next customer reach while i had my hands in uv light . was also good price too . paid about 37 for removing gel nail polish and got the new with white tips . will certainly return next time i 'm on vacation in las vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have bee coming here for years ! my wife and her mother love john and mindy . my wife gets lots of compliments on her nails . it 's a 1 stop shop i guess you could say . nails , waxing , hair , they do it all ! ! and the price is very reasonable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i strongly recommend this hair salon . mindy , the amazing hairdresser gave me a beautiful makeover haircut . i had a disaster haircut from a different hair salon . she was professional , absolutely friendly with a big smile and gave me tips on how to maintain my pixie haircut . her long years of experience , her easy going , sympathetic , warm demeanor are my reasons for being now a regular customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only place i go to for my nails and hair ! mindy and john are amazing both are extremely friendly and welcoming . i 've been in vegas for 5 years and been disappointed with so many other places . i found best beauty salon about 3 years ago and refuse to go any where else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what do you do when you get your vehicle washed ? you walk over to the nearest nail salon , 1st time here and i loved it ! i was n't too sure about the the coffin shape and john reassured me that they would look beautiful . and he was right ! i love my nails ! thank you ! i 'll be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could put a 0 i would . worst pedicure i 've ever had . never again returning . they take longer on painting your toes instead of doing your pedicure . they do n't take off the dead skin . they do n't know how to shape your toes nor paint them . do n't come here ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the man that did my nails was so amazing ! i believe his name was joan or john . this was the first time i got my nails done and he did it exactly how i wanted it to look . he also communicated and created conversations with me and his other customers ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we found trudy 's taxes and bookkeeping online through another online service and we are glad we did . trudy , is excellent and she had helped us amended are current taxes that were done incorrectly . she also helped us maximize other deductions we were unaware of and straighten out our current books . she is professional , courteous and thorough in her approach . she has a online line portal that works great in transferring files and making payments so you can get things done quick.she is now going to be doing are taxes moving forward along with some other bookkeeping services she provides . i would highly recommend trudy 's taxes and bookkeeping to anyone either getting started in a business or a seasoned business owner . hugh w. current client phoenix , az", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for tax services in surprise , look no further ! i needed my personal and business taxes completed . trudy was really flexible and i was able to drop my documents off at her office at greenway and reems the next day . the following morning i received an email ... she was already done ! tax `` pros '' that did my returns in the past would take weeks and charge outrageous fees . the experience i had with trudy was quite the opposite . she provided a free consult where she spent a good amount of time answering my small business tax questions ( there were a lot ! ) and sharing her knowledge . if you live in the west valley and need a good tax person , try trudy 's taxes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was the first time we had our taxes prepared by trudy . trudy is the best tax accountant we have ever had prepare our taxes . she is honest , sincere , professional , and knowledgeable . we felt right at home with trudy who is friendly while being attentive to her work . even though our taxes were not very involved , we felt that she gave us as much time , attention , and importance in their preparation as we believe she would have given another whose taxes were more detailed . we thank you trudy for the great job in making our tax year very easy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trudy has done our personal and business taxes for the past 5 years ( restaurant and catering . ) she responds immediately and is extremely thorough . trudy managed to navigate our business through an audit with the az department of revenue with ease and appeared to teach the auditor a few things : - ) she is extremely knowledgeable and helpful . she manages to keep smiling even when i show up with a disorganized stack of papers ... we 'd be lost without her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das burreatos ist eine nette neue imbissalternative in der innenstadt . endlich eine sch\u00f6ne mexikanische erg\u00e4nzung , die in stuttgart noch gefehlt hat . man stellt sich seinen burrito selbst zusammen , indem man zwischen zwei sorten reis ( wei\u00df und braun ) , salat , verschiedenen fleischvarianten , bzw . vegetarisch und verschiedenen so\u00dfen w\u00e4hlt . es gibt auch eine gut schmeckende guacamole , die sie sich aber leider extra bezahlen lassen . die portion ist durchaus s\u00e4ttigend und preislich noch im rahmen , aber nicht g\u00fcnstig . die einrichtung vor ort ist haupts\u00e4chlich funktional , man kann sich zum essen aber gut hinsetzen . der service war sehr freundlich und hat das konzept geduldig erl\u00e4utert . f\u00fcr einen schnellen und trotzdem schmackhaften mittagssnack ist man hier genau richtig .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best place for burritos ever . it took me back to california where i fell in love with burritos : p. best mexican one in stuttgart .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a stylish , modern burrito joint . it feels like it 's been set up to be the first of many . and i have to say : the way this one has been done i 'd vote for more . the food is delicious and fresh and you wo n't leave hungry . the servings are great for the price . the salsa could be more on the spicy side for my taste but that 's it . our first visit was met with a friendly welcome , thoroughly explaining their menu to us . i wish there were more nice and happy people working in service like these guys and girls . i ca n't wait to go there again . one of the top fast food locations in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gestern mal ausprobiert und mit positivem gef\u00fchl best\u00e4tigt worden . ist ganz nett eingerichtet und das restliche konzept passt auch . die portionen ( bowl ) sind ausreichend , allerdings fehlt noch ein bisschen pep im geschmack . damit meine ich nicht sch\u00e4rfe , sondern vielmehr w\u00fcrze . was aus meiner sicht aber definitiv fehlt , ist die extra portion koriander , zitrone und zwiebel in der salsa . wenn das vorhanden , gibts den f\u00fcnften stern .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i grew up in california , but have lived in germany now for more than 30 years . during all this time , i have always missed good mexican food more than almost anything else . i was overjoyed last year to see that chipotle opened a store in frankfurt , and was optimistic that more would follow throughout germany ... had my first meal here at burreatos today , and was highly pleased ! so happy to finally have good burritos , made to order , in stuttgart -- i 'll be coming back regularly , that 's for sure ( at least as long as the quality stays at this level ) . what i also like here is that the place is not filled with decorative kitsch like pinatas and sombreros ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so-so . it did n't have as much flavor as i 'd hoped , and zero spice whatsoever . probably would n't eat there a second time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nette location auf dem neu gestalteten karlsplatz . man kann zwischen normalem burrito in klein und gross , sowie salaten w\u00e4hlen . als nachspeise auch einen s\u00fc\u00dfen burrito . preise sind g\u00fcnstig , f\u00fcr mich hat der kleine burrito v\u00f6llig gereicht . geschmacklich ist noch platz nach oben , lecker aber ohne den speziellen kick . trotzdem eine empfehlung .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yummy - a little cold and slow in the making- but solid in taste . the guacamole wasnt too convincing but i want to try some more on the menu ! we loved the area to sit and hang out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super lecker ! schnelle zubereitung und gro\u00dfe auswahl an m\u00f6glichkeiten . w\u00fcrde auf jeden fall nochmal dort essen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice . reminds me a little of qdoba 's chipotle . fresh flavors , quality ingredients , and amazing staff makes this place the best spot for a burrito .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wer chipotle aus den usa kennt und liebt , wird hier auf jeden fall auf seine kosten kommen . das konzept wurde hier 1:1 \u00fcbernommen . im vergleich zu anderen deutschen burrito imbissen ein sehr gutes preis- leistungsverh\u00e4ltnis . guac kostet nur 60 ct. mehr , was echt ein fairer preis ist . geschmacklich ist der burrito gelungen , allerdings , und das ist schon ein erhebliches manko , ist er nicht gut gew\u00fcrzt und schmeckt leider ein wenig fad . durch einen guten schuss kostenloser salsa kann das aber gut kompensiert werden", "score": "4"}
{"review": "leckeres gesundes mexican food ! ist relativ g\u00fcnstig und gesund.kommt am ehesten an chipotle in den usa ran ! leider sind die portionen abh\u00e4ngig von den mitarbeitern . manchmal perfekt aber manchmal wird gegeizt gespart ! einziger abzug sonst sehr empfehlenswert !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's hard to find good mexican food in germany , but this little chipotle-esque place hits the spot . fast , super friendly service too ! highly recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's pretty good . they have n't worked out the seasoning yet . it 's a little bland . however it hits the spot when you are missing the mexican food of socal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "die burritos sind f\u00fcr den kleinen hunger in der mittagspause ganz okay , aber leider fehlt das besondere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just okay . not much taste . and they 're putting cinnamon in their black beans . so it tastes like a bland christmas burrito . and do n't be so stingy with the guacamole , geez . and ... i thought i saw a hair in my burrito as the guy was making it and squishing it around before he folded it and the girl staff next to him said something like 'that could n't happen since none of us have long hair . ' what a ... . i guess i 'm still not used to the crappy service you get here in germany .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wirklich sehr zu empfehlen . wer chipotle kennt wei\u00df genau was ihn erwartet . frische zutaten , nettes personal und sch\u00f6n eingerichtet !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ich hatte eine kleinen gemischten salat zur mittagszeit f\u00fcr 5\u20ac . fairer preis f\u00fcr den selbst zusammen gestellten salat - zutaten nach wahl . den 5 . stern h\u00e4tte ich gern gegeben , aber die zutaten waren mir zu kalt . bei salat ok , aber tomaten brauchen zimmertemperatur und genauso die falafel , die auch gern h\u00e4tten warm sein k\u00f6nnen . die drei mini-brotscheiben waren auch eher niedlich . die schlange bei den burritos l\u00e4sst auf gutes schlie\u00dfen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wenn einer chipotle kennt , wird hier am besten aufgehoben ! man kann seine burritos selber zusammenstellen und sie schmecken fantastisch , die atmosph\u00e4re wirkt leider ein wenig k\u00fchl aber die authentische musik und der unverwechselbare geschmack einer gelungenen barbacoa schicken jemanden nach mexiko . 5.90 f\u00fcr einen burrito der einen den ganzen nachmittag satt h\u00e4lt ist ein fairer preis . es gibt auch s\u00fc\u00dfe burritos und salate damit f\u00fcr jeden geschmack etwas dabei ist . wirklich toller laden ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prinzipiell eine tolle idee das chipotle konzept nach stuttgart zu holen - aber leider nicht gut genug umgesetzt . ich hatte einen chicken burrito mit guacamole . der preis war ok aber leider hab ich noch immer hunger . ein weiteres manko war der inhalt des burritos : wenig drin und das fleisch sehr faad . wenn man schnell einen mittelm\u00e4\u00dfigen imbiss will dann ok. aber sonst leider von der qualit\u00e4t noch verbesserungsw\u00fcrdig .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "lecker essen das wirklich satt macht . service super nett und sehr hilfsbereit , wenn man auch mal keine ahnung hat , was man essen soll", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das bureatos ist wahrscheinlich wirklich der beste burrito-laden in stuttgart und nicht mit den mexikanischen restaurantketten vergleichbar aber dennoch k\u00f6nnen die burritos mehr geschmack vertragen um wirklich so zu schmecken wie in kalifornien . die sauce k\u00f6nnte auch mehr feuer vertragen . wer jedoch in stuttgart lust auf burritos hat , ist hier schonmal an der richtigen anlaufstelle .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "einige monate aufenthalt in den usa brachten mich auf den geschmack , zur\u00fcck in deutschland fehlten mir dann erst einmal lokale mit gutem mexikanischem essen . und dann entdeckte ich das burreatos in stuttgart . : - ) die atmosph\u00e4re ist im rahmen eines fast-food-restaurants sehr angenehm . die burritos und salate werden an der glastheke frisch gemacht , es gibt verschiedene fleisch- und gem\u00fcsesorten zur auswahl . die so\u00dfen reichen von guacamole bis ziemlich scharf und es lassen sich auch mehrere so\u00dfen kombinieren . die portionen sind gro\u00df genug , um satt zu werden . freundliches personal gibt es auch . und die preise sind sehr moderat - bei der qualit\u00e4t fast schon unschlagbar , meine ich . hier werde ich \u00f6fter mal vorbeischauen , wenn ich in der innenstadt bin .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say i 've ever been a fan of timothy 's . i do n't think the coffee is very good and the place itself is an odd cross between starbucks and second cup but smells like cheap stale coffee . the only upside to this location is that it 's a stones throw from my office and a half decent place to have a meeting . there is plenty of seating and the bathrooms are clean . the staff is generally friendly and attentive . if you have to satisfy your lust for consumerism while drinking coffee you can buy a mug or coffee maker from the display near the cash . this place is n't bad but with so many better options in the neighbourhood i 'm actually surprised this place stays in business .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ah , nothing like having a java drink with the local characters : young man sleeping slumped over the couch and old street lady angrily sipping her coffee , steely eyes staring straight at you and loudly cackling in your direction . the layout is wide , open space and several available tables and comfy chairs . it was empty and i am not surprised given the characters inhabiting this location of the coffee chain . at least they have a bar seating against the window , overlooking king st to entertain you . and their coconut cream frappe ? i ordered it served over shaved ice and that is a mistake . the coconut flavouring is immediately watered down and when the ice eventually melts , it is insipid , day old tasting water .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "honestly do n't trust this place . i bought $ 800 in groupons and when i can actually get an appointment , i go there and the place is closed . i think it 's a scam to be honest ... no one ever picks up the phone and answering machine is always full . the girls are not licensed either . if i could give it a minus 5 i would .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i agree with the above reviewer . i have n't had a very good experience with this business , as their equipment is always broken , their voice mail is always full and nobody answers the phone . a full-time receptionist should be hired and a second technician . they have too many clients and do n't know how to deal with the demand . updated ( mar . 10 ) - i had my third appointment with the salon and there were two ladies there working this time . the service is great when i do go , however , the biggest issue they do have is returning calls and emails and being able to get someone on the phone live . based on my last appointment i 'm changing my review from 1 star to 3 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i found these guys through a groupon deal and they are awesome ! the place is cute and clean and the staff are very sweet . they use the soprano xl laser and it 's completely painless .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i also purchased a voucher ( through fabfind - now owned by teambuy ) , and have been calling since early december 2012 , leaving countless un-returned messages . i have also tried to contact the voucher company but have had no such luck getting a response . i continue to call the spa , but the voucher is now expired .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service is great and professional ... ..but it 's impossible to reach them ! i needed to reschedule an appointment and i called , emailed , left voicemails ... .finally i had to go there in person , luckily it 's a short walk for me . they have also twice left me messages saying they had to reschedule my appointment due to ( 1 ) a broken machine and ( 2 ) construction going on ... .but i could n't reach them when i called back ! huge pain .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this company seems to be out of business even though i paid for services for the next year . no warning , nothing . they called to reschedule an appointment and when i showed up the following week they appeared to be shut down . they do n't answer the phone . they do n't handle complaints . these women are scammers . do not do business with anyone associated with this place or any of the former owners : alexandra nikolajev or karen doering .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "small bar is great ! super cold beer and the prices are the cheapest i 've found in the area ! they play great tunes and the staff is awesome . mark was beyond nice ! i had the hotdog ... which does n't sound like it would be exciting . but it was ! bacon wrapped on a fresh bun like you 'd get with a lobster roll . this place rocks ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sweet little spot on the second floor ! i came here for an eyebrow wax , and left with clean eyebrows , clean underarms and ended up with a clean belly strip too ! lucy was so sweet and very knowledgeable of waxing which made me feel very comfortable ! i recommend her for waxing any day ! try it : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great haircut , great price . i too , like the review below me , was skeptical about getting a $ 5 haircut , but the lady knows what she 's doing and does a great job . she 's friendly , personable and she 's located in a convenient location in the heart of spring valley . anyone i 've told about this place has also made it their regular spot . the word really needs to get out on this place , it 's a great find and i 've now been a loyal customer for almost 2 years . just look for the burrito food truck parked near a mexican market and walk upstairs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the girls are very nice and they did a good job with my sons hair : ) i would recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good and fun place to get a hair cut . la se\u00f1ora lucy te recibe con un lenguaje acogedor y muy folcl\u00f3rico . i 'm definitely going back . they 're open 7 days a week at very convenient hours . and jeannie said they 're even open on christmas day , which means they 're always available . good job ladies !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "$ 5.00 ( 2 trimmer blade ) haircut ; great value and great cuts ! i only ever see jeannie , and she gets it right every time . the actual address is 5485 w flamingo rd . ste . b , las vegas , nv 89103 . there 's an address error in maps .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at first i was hesitant to go in since i normally have my stylist and the price advertised sounded to good to be true , but i was greeted by the funniest lady i have ever met that was just a plus my hair cut was amazing ! ! i now have a new hair stylist and her name is lucy from estilo 5 i totally recommend this to anyone from kids to adults they do it all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome experience here , karen helped me out and was very insightful and easy going . no hassle and confusion what so ever and she even offered to manually update and switch over my new phone for me which took quite sometime whilst i left and finished my errands for the day . i call that great customer service right there ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phone stolen at xs . so we went here to buy a new one and close or the old one . the man who helped us out hooked it up . gave us all the options and saved us some money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store always has one employee whose always busy helping the incoming customers . it 's sad that customer service does not exist anymore . this is pretty ridiculous that it takes 30 45 minutes just to be seen ... ridiculous ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is not my favourite pub in the area , it just always feels a bit dirty . i love a good dark dank pub but this one misses the mark feeling grungy and open rather than dark and cozy . it 's pretty small inside . i 've ordered nachoes and wings here and they were fine . there is really just nothing that makes this place worth going back for .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "no , just no . i am not one to visit chains in my hometown or even travel hours on end to sit in a canadian bar-like , run down friday 's . but , it was late , near our hotel and suggested by a local as a 'no frills ' , please all option . waitress was sweet but slow . prices were insane , even for canada . $ 11.95 for a glass of fat bastard wine ? that is just slightly higher than a bottle , a bottle . first glass was skunky , i could smell the skunk - did not even have to taste it . gross atmosphere . pretty empty for a saturday night . guess everyone is aware to avoid this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this firkin looks really dated . considering the boring menu , completely tasteless french fries , and the dirty carpet that looks like it was laid in the 70s , i would at least expect cheaper prices . $ 50 for two people having a sandwich and 2 draft each . the staff are actually not bad and one of the more decent things about the place . but this does not make up for the overall experience . i have to recommend you go to duke of kent or one of the other pubs in the area instead .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here on thanksgiving with few friends . this is a really nice pub in the area . i ordered the monday special ( burger & butlers ) . burger comes with fries and it was tasty . beer was light . my friends had wings and they enjoyed it . overall clean and spacey pub with comfy booths . friendly service . grab few friends and head over there for some beer and pub food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok out of all the yonge and eg pubs , this is the worst in my opinion , but really it 's not that bad . it 's one floor going all the way to the back , but they have a patio too . but the patio is kinda hidden in the back and so when you eat there , it feels like shit is flying into your food from all the construction happening behind the building too loud . this is why my lunch crew stopped coming here on fridays . it seemed like the construction was never going to stop ( over two summers now ) . but at the end of the day , it 's a firkin with firkin food and firkin beer . and it 's cold beer .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the fox is awesome . great vibes , friendly staff , delish food . i am here way too often ( shhhh , do n't tell my trainer ) . great spot for a young-crowd weeknight and for catching matches games . small but swank . recently renovated , check it out . i 've had a-many meals here ... none bad but a few more memorable . you can not go wrong with the sandwiches , burgers and the fish and chips . and the beers on tap , duh ... helluuuurr . the turkey cobb salad is also a great protein-healthy option . but ... i ( strongly ) recommend : firkin burger is like crack on a bun ! the mac and cheese with meatballs is not half bad either ! extra tip : best burger side so far : sweet potato fries for sure . or ask for gravy with your regular fries . delish . lots more side options though , including greek salad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the firkins have recently spent mucho dinero revamping and redecorating their pubs . this is one of the flagship locations on yonge . its always rammed and hence when we went the service was quite slow . generic beer , generic bar .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it was my first time ordering food at a fox and i was blown away . we ordered the 5lbs of wings ( $ 60 ) and 2 large nachos ( ~ $ 15 ) among a party of 8 . i was surprised at how good the wings tasted . they were full bodied with a a crispy bite . the sauces however were typical . we ordered hot , suicide and cajun . the cajun one was the crowd pleaser . the nachos were average . on friday , drink special were $ 5 wine and $ 6 pint of butler 's . my only complain was how cramped this location is .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yonge and egs best bar , great for food and drinks . all the staff is awesome and the beer is really cold .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and my girlfriend have been going to this bar for the past 10 months , at least once or twice a month , so first thing ... service is great ! never had a complain , always been served promptly , food does n't take that long even on busy nights . on saturdays they have my favourite draft beer at $ 5 ( creemore ) , so you cant beat that . the reason why i dont give it 5 stars its because the menu has nothing special and the prices ( outside promotions ) are not great . at this place you will always find ufc ppv events and nhl games , and a decent amount of screens for the size of the bar , and no cover .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like this place . in fact , i 'm a regular here . there are better pubs in the city , but the staff really make this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "made it to the movies just in time ... we had to find a quick 45 minute dinner before the movies it was either fast food or the firkin , glad we went with the firkin . quick friendly service , we could have stayed 2 hours and i would still give this place a good review .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is extremely strict about overserving alcohol . we were there one time and one member of our group had a little too much to drink . mind you , we were completely able to help him home . he lived right next door and was not driving . what did they do ? they put a lifetime ban on serving everyone in our party , for no good reason . i appreciate that there are reasons behind these rules around alcohol , but this establishment takes it way overboard i felt like i was in a dictatorship like north korea or something . for this reason , i will not be inviting my friends back there in the future . it 's a shame , because there are very few pubs left in the yonge and eglinton area .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible beer and terrible food . beer always taste like crap here no matter what you order . pretty sure they do n't clean their lines . even steam whistle tasted nothing like steam whistle and more like lakeport . food here is nothing special . at least it 's better than the beer but that 's not saying much .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got ta love them curry fries !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is quite poor here . service is fine , pints are decent , but not worth spending an hour at to eat a meal or have a pint . i had the nachos and chicken fingers and they were really bad .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great staff , but seems to be changing a bit ; really great atmosphere on some ights , and then it becomes a dive unexplainably . stiil go there for a pint , especially late-night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "big big fan ! ! ! ! this place is superior . actually , it 's the best , just the best . the foremost bar in the area , the paramount . what can i possibly say that has n't been said a thousand times before ? i categorically approve ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just returned from sharing a pretty overpriced plate of nachos considering the burnt chips and sparse toppings ( tomato and green onion really are n't expensive , no idea why a restaurant would skimp on them ) . i 've had them there before , so they 've made changes for the worse in the kitchen . $ 16 + $ 2 for guacamole . this place is good if you want the drink special , but otherwise i 'd make an effort to go somewhere else in the neighbourhood that cares more about food . other firkin pubs are better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wings are great , service is attentive . not polite , but attentive . the one thing i recommended that you do here is to keep tabs on what you ordered and how much of it . i just got home from a saturday night spent at the fox . a friend and i ordered a couple of apps and a pound of wings each as well as some pints . i happened to count the amount i consumed but was charged an extra 2 pints that i did n't even order . i raised a complaint yet still paid my bill . the server did n't agree when i expressed my disappointment at being charged for something that i did n't order , much less consume . when i approached the owner to voice my displeasure of being charged extra , he confronted me at the front door , had his bouncer block the front door , even though i paid my bill in full , accused me of being drunk , and told me that my business is n't wanted here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is probably the cleanest and most updated pub in the yonge & eg area . obviously , it 's a chain so do n't expect anything to particularly wow you , but they do have $ 5 pints every day and you 're not hit with a waft of mildewed carpeting upon entrance , which is a huge plus for me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a clean pub , with decent atmosphere ( i love the bowler hat lights ) , great staff and ok food . there are n't a ton of great options near my work at y & e for drinks so we end up here after work a few times a month .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the place has good interiors , good food options but gets crowded and can get a bit tight . the food is reasonably good - check out their specials that include brocolli cheddar soup , chicken burger and the salmon with rice . the wait staff is mixed - some of them are good and some of them get rude as the crowd picks up ( especially a guy with the pony tail ) . they have quite a few tvs and you can catch up the games there . the washrooms are clean ( which makes me give them an additional star ! ) .overall , a decent place but not ideal for big groups .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as one of the other reviewers , said the staff at this pub are great . it 's got an ok selection of beers . i typically favor imports like smithwicks and guinness , which they have on tap , although the beer can be flat at times . their food menu is good a pub . the nachos with spicy beef are especially good ! i 've been here several times . good neighborhood pub ; will definitely be going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not happy with this place . burnt and over priced nachos.. service was horrible as well . wings were n't bad but could have been better or at least served hot . wo n't be back to this place.. avoid it ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely avoid this at all costs . server at lunch demanded a 18 % tip to my non-canadian lunch companion . this is illegal and racist . tipping is always an option . rude as fek .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fox and firkin is an ok chain of irish bars all over the place ( and starting to invade the states ) . not the best bar you 've ever been to but certainly not the worst . good atmosphere and bartenders . wings are good but for honey garlic wings , i except more garlic and less honey .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped by for lunch . staff here are extremely efficient and friendly . daily specials , let alone entire menu look and sound delicious . real chicken in my cesar salad - i hate those frozen dinner chickens on my salad ; extremely pleased . will come back , will definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jake 's is a great little place to have your car worked on . i have gone here a couple times and the bf has gone here a few times , including today , for various car issues . jake is a good guy who does good auto work . he is very honest and has fair pricing . this guy also really knows what he 's doing when it comes to cars . i would recommend him for auto work to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how hard is it to find a mechanic that wo n't rip you off ? ! jake is great ! i just moved to the area and my dad recommended jake for my wife 's car 's various issues . jake called to check to make sure that we wanted each step done , and did n't come up with a huge list of unnecessary fixes . the parts he replaced , he saved to show us when we came in to pick up the fixed car . high-quality work at fair prices from an honest expert mechanic . what more could you ask for ? cars jake has fixed for myself and immediate family : 2001pontiac grand prix , 1998 dodge caravan , 2011 toyota tacoma , 2006 toyota avalon no problems or complaints on any of the work done on these cars , thanks again jake !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jake is amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! friendly and trustworthy . fixed my ac , changed my oil , and changed my spark plugs . he knew what was wrong when other places were giving me the run around ! fair and reasonable prices . i ca n't recommend him enough ! i 'm a customer for life ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i spoke with jake after i posted this review and it was my mistake it was not this vehicle . when we first talked i thought it was on my ford ranger but he change my alternator on a different vehicle a ford escape which does require removal of the axle please forgive me for posting this review in error .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very happy with the service jake performed on my car . i went in for basic service check up before i went on a long trip , and he found a few hoses that were dried and cracked . he changed the hoses and only charged me for the once over . great guy , a place i 'd send my mom to get her car serviced ! ! ! will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best mechanic in town ! ! ! i went somewhere else and got a quote that was extremely high for me im a mom of 3 and jake fixed it for half the price even took the time to show me the parts he took off and how bad they were . i loved how they made you feel like family his wife works in the front desk and was so reassuring i think she sensed my frustration and told me not to worry ( they work with with you on cost ) if i could give them 10 stars i would . did i mention they were done in 3 hours and they did alot of work on my car i would of probably had to leave it for days somewhere else . i really recommend this shop to everyone whos looking for an honest mechanic . love this place and my car is perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend jake as a mechanic , not only is he good at what he does , but he is super friendly , very prompt , and his prices are exceptional . i have been going to jakes auto for several years now and i have never had an issue , he always shows me the parts he has replaced and throughly explains what he has worked on . if you are looking for an honest , reliable , fair priced mechanic then do n't hesitate to go to jakes auto . he will treat you with the utmost respect and friendliness . jake always treats my husband and i like family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice , work was done on time and as promised . but , two things : 1 . they overfilled the oil on my oil change , had to re-do it a month later . 2 . mechanic left a pair of pliers in my engine . no joke . found it during second oil change ( see above ) . bonus is i have a new pair of pliers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "four of us was here for dinner on a saturday , around 8:30pm , the restaurant was quite busy but did n't wait long to be seated , and the food was pretty decent . however , we had some very bad service from our waitress . first , she forgot one of our lemonade orders , she never even bothered to come to check on us after the food was placed , not even once , which gave us no chance to ask for the missing lemonade ; after we had done eating for about 15mins , she still did n't show up , maybe for a dessert menu ? no , not at all . we had to ask a passing by waiter to get our check , and of course when the check was delivered , she showed up ... we 've heard good things about this place , that 's why we tried it.. but the bad service just did not prove anything . although the food was decent , there are just so many more better italian restaurants in the valley that we could be treated so much better , and better food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we usually come to brio for dinner and drinks , and this time we decided to stop in for brunch ( and drinks , haha ! ) ... so glad we did ! i ordered berries & cream french toast and he ordered eggs oscar ... um , well , i ended up eating half of his plate . the waiter was so friendly and incredibly patient with me , as i could not make up my mind and was ready to order three or four different items . he recommended his favorite and also whipped up fabulous for-the-morning drinks . i also have to mention valet service , as this is usually a hit or miss for most restaurants . brio 's valet obviously figured it out because they 're fast , friendly and go off of tips ... with an atm machine nearby if you do n't have cash . definitely impressed with brunch selection and dinner was always five stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been there twice for dinner and both times were good . big open room which gets kind of noisy , but it 's a fun place . this is a chain , somewhere between carabas and maggianos . i tend to get the veal piccata type of dish at italian places as a measure , and the veal here was very good . the wines were reasonable , waitstaff attentive , food was good . i looked over at my friend 's lasagna and it looked gooey , sloppy , whatever to me . he enjoyed it . the prices were reasonable enough to put brio on the list for a night out during the week .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was my first and last time at brio . the service was disappointing and the waiter was not personable or attentive at all until he presented us with the bill . when i made the reservations , i notated it was my daughters 25th birthday . obviously , no one read it so why bother putting down extra instructions ? no one said happy birthday or offered a house dessert to celebrate the occasion . it took 15-20 minutes before we received water or bread on the table . drew , the waiter basically ignored us and spent a majority of his time telling the patrons in the booth next to us his life story . they ran out of fettuccine noodles and substituted spaghetti in the pasta dish we ordered at the same price . how does an italian resturant run out of pasta ? i choose to spend my money at the mission in scottsdale where the food is great and server simone is superb ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of the many restaurants located in scottsdale quarters . mix of american and italian food . we went for lunch . the pasta entrees were great . one of the salads came without the dressing but that was taken care of immediately . checking into yelp does get you a free appetizer . service is friendly as well this place has an excellent happy hour with several great food items .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for a very late lunch and got a table easily . it 's such a gorgeous space with high ceilings and very old tuscany look and feel . my boyfriend and i ordered a bunch of plates to share : bruschetta , flat bread , and crab and artichoke dip . the bruschetta had balsamic vinegar drizzled on top which i did not like . i don like balsamic vinegar and wish it said that on the menu : ( the crab and artichoke dip was my favorite dish , mhmmm so creamy and had huge chunks of crab ! the flat bread was yummy but i was so full at that point i could n't have too much . the portions are huge and we were so stuffed after , so much for a light lunch . the orange juice however is not fresh squeezed lol i saw them pour it out of a huge generic brand bottle . p.s . bathrooms are very pretty . i love me a pretty bathroom .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best italian food i have experienced in arizona and i was surprised because it 's a chain . my guy and i were ooing and ahhing throughout the meal . i had the lobster and shrimp ravioli with crab insalata and it was a perfect portion , perfect flavoring and al dente ! amazing . the only thing this place needs is spumoni ( minus the candied fruit ) ! ! ! our server did n't even know what it was ! what ? i know !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was bland and barely edible . the beef app was a joke . it had no flavor . even the mustard did n't help . the caesar salad was yellow . not even a shade of green in there at all . the lobster bisque lacked flavor .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have gone here twice now and love it ! ! it is a huge restaurant so you probably wo n't have to wait for a table . it is just beautiful ! high ceilings and big booths . i love the d\u00e9cor . it makes you feel like you are in italy ! the staff is always great and dressed very professionally . we got the warm bread to start , then spinach artichoke dip which was great ! ! for meals , i got a salad and it was huge ! ! enough to take home for a second meal . my boyfriend got a pasta dish and he loved his as well . we went back a second time when we had family in town and they were all pleased with their meals as well . so overall , it is a great experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went for happy hour and were pleasantly surprised . they have a $ 2.95 food menu for happy hour and the options were very good . i had the margarita flatbread and my companion had the angus burger . both tasted great . the burger , although on a $ 2.95 menu is a full size burger cut into 4 pieces . i also had a mojito which was very good , although this can easily vary by bartender .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a sad story of a restaurant that when first open had great food , service and prices . unfortunately , i have seen the prices go up and everything else go down hill . i had n't been there in some time because i was not impressed with the last few times i had been . but , as someone who goes out to dinner several times a week , i thought i would give it a try . i ordered the salmon and could not believe what a small portion it was , but even sadder was when you flipped it over it was char black on one side ! ! ! the waiter did take it back but it should have never been served and how awkward is it for the other people at the table to eat their food ? ? ? do n't think they will see me again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place reminds me of vegas-meets-cheesecake factory decor wise . it 's loud and kind of cheesy on the inside , although peeking out at the patio , it seems nicer out there ( and quieter ) it 's your run of the mill corporate restaurants . the food is decent , the portions are enormous ! you ca n't really go wrong with the pastas here , although my angel hair was about 30 seconds over cooked . my co worker had the lasagna and she was n't a fan of it at all plus it looked pretty pathetic and way too cheesy . they have decent lunch specials , and if you are just grabbing a bite when you are around the sq it serves it 's purpose for an average meal , at average prices .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my wife and i have been to brio 3 times . all three times the wine was served hot . not warm , room temp . hot . each time the waitress acknowledged the fact and asked us if we would like a `` side of ice '' . are you kidding me ! ? when i asked if they receive a lot of comments on the wine , she replied `` yes , but usually ice helps '' . on to the food ... .. average is about the best it can be rated . we have tried the restaurant 3 times just to be fair . too many managers , servers , bartenders running around to have mediocre service and average food . three strikes on this place ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has a nice ambience and has a classy feel to it . we started our meal with a calamari fritto misto which was delicious fried calamari ! they 're bread was pretty special , one was made like a `` pizza '' shaped fried bread with spices on it . we ordered a lobster bisque that was very tasty as well . my girlfriend ordered the campanelle carbonara which had grilled chicken , bacon , parmesan cheese , spinach and alfredo , it was done very well . i ordered the pasta mediterranean which had grilled chicken , mushrooms , feta cheese , spinach and tomatoes in it . so good ! definitely recommend this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "celebrating an early mothers day , shared the lasagna bolognese , salmon griglia , tuscan grillled pork chops , pasta pesto and calamari fritto misto . large serving of lasagna and very traditional , while the pork chops were very tasty and prepared well . the salmon and pesto were from the `` light menu '' which were small portions . everything was prepared and presented very well . the service was very good and the restaurant has great atmosphere for a nice evening . would recommend this for a nice relaxing evening", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't usually like to rate chain restaurants but brio was pretty darn good . the service was friendly and efficient . the pasta dishes were very good with large poritons . i really do n't have anything bad to say about this place . everyone seems to be mentioning the happy hour . i 'll have to come back to try that !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent dinner ! the service was impeccable right up until we ordered desert and again when we wanted our check . then it was as if the waiter forgot about us for 15-20 minutes ... .other than that one negative , the food was absolutley amazing ! every one of our dinners was delicious . ( we all sampled each others ) the appetizers and deserts were incredible as well . i would recommend this place to everyone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not bad . service was good and food moderately priced . more of an open concept , so it is loud depending on the night . i order the crusted filet and it was great . i 'd go there again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "girl 's night out ! movies and happy hour at brio . the misters were going so we sat outside . we were quickly seated and offered water and drinks . we ordered wine , 3 orders of pepper shrimp , flatbread , a burger , carpaccio , and tomato and mozzarella . the wait staff is awesome . people watching is fun . happy hour is simply delish ! everything was excellent and plentiful . our server was happy to give us separate checks and to go boxes . a wonderful experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the shrimp & egg plant appetizer is excellent . smoking deals at happy hour - really good drink prices and food . oh yes - the regular food inside the restaurant is very good too . ( note that i said very good and gave them four stars - they are very good , but not to die for and think you went to tuscany .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went there last night with my family . worst..i mean worst service ever . our server was drew . he literally ruined our night . not returning ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been here a couple time . the atmosphere is nice , think bellagio cafe and that is about what it looks like inside . food has always been good and it is a little expensive but not overly . perhaps the right level for north scottsdale . the only issue i have that every time i have gone i get 'john pierre ' or whatever his name is . i 'm not sure if he is still there but he looks like his name should be 'mike ' not john pierre and he makes me totally crazy . does n't come back enough , drifts off , was very irritating . after the first time i went i thought for sure he would be fired but i went back months later and he was still there and i got him again ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "absolutely my new favorite place ! just had my bridal shower there ! matthew was great and also was kimberly ! ! ! outstanding service ! exceeded my expectations ! ! food was also out of the world ! ! everyone was so pleased and they were beyond accommodating ! thanks guys ! you 're the best ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went with my family last night for dinner and i was very underwhelmed . the server walked away so quickly after drink orders that i could n't get in an order for an appetizer . the food was very mediocre , my asparagus had no life . when the food was delivered , all of our meals were given to the wrong person at the table..very odd . overall , i was not impressed and do n't plan on returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we had a great time at brio the server max was on top of everything very friendly and the manager joe was very gracious and welcoming . we had ordered the lobster tail shrimp and risotto was an epicurean delight we all 6 plan on returning soon and will be hosting a birthday party soon and plan on taking our friends there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not impressed with restuarant but they 're happy hour is amazing - that 's impressive ! you have to get there early though or you will find not one seat - $ 2-3 dollars a plate for very good italian , no wonder it 's not easy ... enjoy !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "me and my friend decided to try out brio at the quarter on sunday very disappointed on the service we asked for one thing and the waiter brings something else after two hrs . the food was nothing special , i will not recommend ... ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had high hopes of decent italian food here . the decor is beutiful , easy parking etc . but omg , this is garbage . i had veal marsala with a side of linguini in aurora ( pink ) sauce . so awful , i returned the dinner for a refund . i eat this same dish made by italians in my small town and i have eaten this same dish worldwide . unedible . marsal sauce tasted like the brown sauce on a beef dish from the age of hot airplane food . the linguini sauce was so awful . i am not sure this corporate restaurant chain even has a clue about italian food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we came here on the 4th of july for dinner.. there were not many patrons which was great ! we sat right down and had ashley as our server . she was excellent . we had the burrata & ciabatta ap w a side of balsamic ( free w yelp checkin ) , double pork chop ( beyond tender and moist ) , milanese ( great size ) , and the pasta pesto . all of our food was very good , made exactly how we ordered w a few changes . i would definitely come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we discovered this one after shopping the west elm , and stopped in for a snack , had the meatballs , which were tasty , and served with polenta , which we liked , decided to come back and try the happy hour , had their burger , really good , shrimp cocktail , not that interesting , more meatballs , still liked them , and the service was efficient if not overly warm , the place looks like an italian version of the cheesecake factory , all big and fancy and chainlike , but the food is definately pretty good , so we ll go back and try dinner soon ,", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a drink at the bar . fairly priced . dinner was very good . ate here last year when we were in town and enjoyed that visit too . highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a pleasant surprise ! we really enjoyed the food but did let the manager know the service was sub par . thomas absolutely made things right . no excuses ! we will for sure be back ! that is the way to run a business .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent food ... .been here 3 times and never disappointed . waiters waitresses explained clearly menu options . will be back for sure", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for happy hour ! appetizers are ok !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i came here for the first time for our anniversary , and i was definitely impressed . coming from new york , i 've always been really picky about italian food . but brio nailed it ! i got the pasta with vodka sauce , and i could n't get enough of it . for dessert we got a creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e , which was also delicious , and our drinks were great as well . i wish we still had a brio in tucson ! will definitely be back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what has happened to this place ? my husband and i went there sunday afternoon ... no body greeted us or told be right there . i wish i would of left then ... the place was dirty ... no covers on electrical outlets , no tablecloth on our table ... but other tables had them . the cooks looked so unprofessional with their backwards baseball caps on . the filters above the kitchen were laden with grease and dust . the food was lukewarm , but cold in spots . no flavor at all . had to ask over and over for cream for lukewarm coffee . we used to really enjoy this place , the food was amazing ... i should of went to denny 's ... better food , service and quality", "score": "1"}
{"review": "beautiful decor , super friendly staff , but it 's a chain ... typical italian fare and a brunch menu , so we tried both . we had the french toast which is better at ihop or any other breakfast joint . we also tried the lunch sandwich and salad combo . my turkey club panini was a waste ... tons of bread with one slice of turkey , too much cheese , and an unchewable tomato . the chopped salad was ordinary . we wo n't be going back . once is enough .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "happen to show up during happy hour and was pleasantly surprised with the great deals they were offering ! our server was nice and it was not crowded at 3pm on a weekday . the food was delish too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my first time at brio . came with a few friends and ashley was my server ! she recommended the strawberry fresca and it is my new favorite drink ! she was so knowledgeable about the menu . she recommended a few items for me and i decided on the gorgonzola crusted beef medallions . it was delicious ! ashley was so warm and welcoming and really made my experience at brio special . i will definitely be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered the mezza chicken limone , and it basically was coated with an omelette . it was supposed to be a piccata , but instead of an egg wash and flour dipped chicken , it was coated in a thick layer of scrambled egg . sent it back but was given the same again . i 'm a big fan of piccata , and have ordered the same dish here before , but sadly they 've forgotten how to make it . i googled an image of this dish to verify how it should be made , and there are loads of brio images that do n't include the coating of omelette . i 'm now left disappointed and with a rumbly tumbly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "firstly , i will say that our server austin did a great job , and our lunch was very good . unfortunately , what would have been a great experience turned negative quickly . i watched a waitress repeatedly go to the banquet side of restaurant and play with her eyeball in the mirror . i do n't know what her issue was , but it did n't stop her from bringing bread and tea to her tables without washing her hands . so gross . i considered speaking to a manager after to let him know how grossed out i was . right before we left , i saw what i later learned was the floor manager go to the same banquet room , remover his shoe play with his laces , put his shoe back on , and then put his hands in the window to kitchen to pull food to be run . how fricking nasty ? ? !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first time visit . 3 of us had danny r as a server and he was terrific . excellent food and service ! manager came by to check on us . a chef brought out our appetizer . they had is at hello ! lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my very first experience at brio and i had heard really good things about them . we were promptly greeted and seated immediately . we did have reservations so i 'm sure that helped because on a saturday evening this place was busy . our waitress was great in explaining the specials and anything we had a question about on the menu . prior to our meal we were served a bread basket which had a nice sized piece of warm sourdough bread and real butter . it was really good . we decided on peach bellini 's and they were delicious . we also had lobster bisque , which had a bite of lobster in every spoonful . next the entrees were served . we had the brio pasta , salmon and asparagus with a crab cake , and the lasagna bolognese . all were delicious . we had a temperature problem with the crab cake but it was immediately corrected . an awesome dinner and a beautiful dinner area made for an amazing first time . i will return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lasagna bolognese was a good dish . meaty . shrimp and lobster fettucine was tasty as well . nice restaurant inside , good ambiance . i will return . the cheesecake mascarpone was excellent !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great time ! ! our waiter , max was amazing ! ! he gave great suggestions on the full meal and helped with the happy hour menu . we will be back because of the crazy good food but also because of the great service ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the originality of the dishes are platitudinous however there was some fresh and delicious qualities . the bruschetta flight was decent ( every place feels the need to put bruschetta on something that has the texture of a stale pretzel but its so much better on a piece of lightly toasted bread like sourdough ) and the risotto had good flavor but the shrimp inside the dish were puny . solid wine list , good happy hour , plus good service would bring me back for a snack and a drink ... i would probably skip dinner though and just patron the happy hour .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my wife and i have been to this restaurant 3 times and dont know if we 'll go again . brio has potential as noted by our first dining experience but it seems to have gotten worse each time thereafter . we noticed the sauces have become watered down with smaller portions and when we called them on it we were told they do that for the happy hour crowd but we were in the dining room for dinner . they did replace the dish with the correct sauce and portions but we still felt as though they were trying to pull one over on us . when your spending more than $ 50 on a meal for two nothing should be watered down . the service which was amazingly good when they first opened has also slipped and we found ourselves feeling somewhat neglected at times with a forgetful waiter . consequently , i 've noticed we dont seem as motivated to visit them on date night anymore . hope management cleans up their act .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a really good experience here at brio ; the food was warm and good..the dessert was delicious , but the menu is n't anything really special . they are just regular , run of the mill items . it 's clean , the waiters are nice and it 's not very crowded ! it 's in a pretty cute area that you can spot it from the street . my opinion is that the one thing that stands out at brio is the steak salad and the alcoholic beverages . those are my go-to favorites !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had lunch at brio today . food was good as always . unfortunately it was freezing inside the restaurant . we noticed that three large double doors were open to the outside patio where two guests were having lunch under two large space heaters . we asked our waitress , then the hostess and then the manager if they could close some or all the doors . we were advised that the fire code required that all three doors remain open if there were any guests on the patio . seemed strange . after more guests inside complained about the temperature ( 61 degrees ) in the restaurant they closed one of the doors . still freezing . seems that the manager lied to us about the fire code or he broke it when he shut one of the doors . does anyone know ? by the way as we left we noticed another restaurant next door where people were eating outside on their patio under heaters and none of their doors were open .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so these stars are for the way my complaint was handled . after waiting three days for someone to contact me i decided to call and ask to speak to a gm , he was not in and i spoke to adam who is a manager . adam refunded my charge , invited me back with a guest for a meal , but most important , listened to me and apologized for my experience last weekend . i will come back and give this brio another try . this is how my situation should have been handled that night . this is customer service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "brio is a great option for a medium-higher end italian food where you can take the family . it 's a bit loud but with little kids , that 's fine with me . the carpaccio rivals that next door at eddie v 's and the lobster bisque soup is buttery and superb . i get the lasagna every time . great b\u00e9chamel sauce and plenty of food . sit out front on the patio if you can , great people watching .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were looking on yelp for a good seafood restaurant near the phoenix mayo clinic tonight and found brio tuscan cafe had good reviews . not only that , but yelp offered a free appetizer . we were so glad we tried it ! our appetizer , roasted garlic , spinach and artichoke dip , was yummy , and our entrees were uniquely prepared , presented , and delicious . i had the grilled salmon fresco , and my husband had shrimp verduta . ca n't wait to return and try some of their other wonderful options !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent time for 3 couples to dine and catch up . we had may great entrees and some outstanding wine . or only challenge was that they had a great fish special and 2 of our party was told at 5:55pm that it was sold out . so for a weekday the specials are suspect . the service was kind and attentive . the value was good and great taste in the food . worth the drive from tempe tom", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pasta is okay , but the salad is really good i got a harvest salad the chicken was delish and so was the dressing . service was great but i 'm not a fan of their food the ambience is nice . no super expensive it 's moderate . love the location and the parking so close ! thanks to the yelp event i got $ 25 off yay ! thanks yelp ! i do n't know if i 'll be back i wasnt wowed or anything . my friend did say the lemon drops were exceptional !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "edited review . long story short , i had an overall disappointing experience with brio and thought that it may have just been an off night . the parent company contacted me in regard to my previous review and asked for a second chance . my wife and i took them up on their offer and enjoyed a wonderful meal , professional and friendly service , and an overall excellent experience . if you have problem with your meal or service , bring it up with the manager ( as i should have at the time ) and i 'm sure they will correct it . i 'll definitely visit brio again and now recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought i would try brio again during arizona restaurant week to see if anything improved from my first visit . again , the service was not what one would expect for this establishment . our drink glasses went empty and nobody noticed . i had to ask for more . usually , restaurants with these price points are more concerned about keeping drink glasses full . some of the time it felt like we were on auto pilot . i was trying to get some balsamic and olive oil for my bread . it took awhile for the server to come back to check on out table . the kitchen runners just drop and run . also , i noticed some flies in the dining room and a lady at the nearby table stood up to swat at flies . she asked me if i noticed the flies and if i was having any trouble with flies . there is nothing like swating flies and trying to keep them out of your dinner . there were some very frustrating circumstances about dining here tonight .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stopped here for a late dinner and decided to eat in the bar . the bartender , brendan , was great ! service was fantastic ! he makes the best peach bellini ever ! during the summer they have a reverse happy hour for the last hour of business . we had the tomato mozzarella salad , a flatbread on the hh menu , and lamb chops and dessert ... way more than enough to eat , it was served quickly , and everything was great ! the chocolate lava cake is the best dessert they have , and although it came out under-heated the first time , it was corrected right away ! the manager , vinnie , came by to make sure we were satisfied with everything . that 's customer service ! always clean and nice decor too . love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cody was our waiter and we had amazing table side service . the meals were perfectly cooked and the bread was warm . we only wished we had room for dessert . highly recommended as always . the `` go to '' for a great family dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice ( read fancy ) ambiance , even in the bar area . my bff and i came here for dinner one night . the raviolis were sooo good . my bff had the chicken pomodoro , but since she 's a vegetarian they had no problem subing in eggplant ( which she said was delicious ) . their raspberry cosmo is really good , and not too strong . the staff was very friendly and accommodating . all in all a great visit . we 'll be here again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while i lived in az , i used to frequent this place quite a bit with my friends for their happy hour . i always had a great time and the happy hour plates are uber cheap ! my friends and i would always go waaaayy overboard with ordering and we never failed to end up with tons of leftovers lol . the bruschetta.. the beef carpaccio..the burgers.. and the list goes on an on ... and the drinks are great too ! i 've even had my share of free desserts on the house at one point in time . love this place ! brings back good memories and the waiters waitresses were always fun to chat with ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing happy hour ! great drinks at fair prices and their happy hour appetizers are delicious ! regular meals are a little overpriced in my opinion , but still tasty . definitely would recommend for happy hour deals and for dinner if you do n't mind paying $ 20-40 for simple , basic pasta dishes . their portions are huge though so at least you get enough to bring home for next day 's lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so okay . you know happy hour at brooklyn i 'd just very awesome ! now i will tell you that lunch is very excellent also . we had the steak salad . i recommend it . max and larry handled 2 demanding women and made them leave with smiling get faces . : ) ca n't wait to return to brooklyn with husbands to taste the delicious good thank you ! p", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good food & a good bar . the location is good too . definitely gone back numerous times . parking is a bit of a pain , but not horrible and they have valet , although i think valet is the biggest scam around .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "brio has a terrific happy hour that my wife and i always recommend . all the apps are great tasting and reasonably priced . hard to believe it 's a chain . the bartenders ( brendon gets a gold star ) are courteous and remember your name . good selection of reasonably priced wines with a few great bargains on the list . too many good appetizers to have a favorite but we often order the carpaccio and shrimp and eggplant ( we like sauce on the side ) and we usually get a bistecca salad which is really good . we often eat dinner at the bar because the bar staff is so friendly . our favorite regular menu items are the shrimp risotto and the double cut pork chop . lastly the management here really cares that you have a good time . any missteps are usually taken care of without us ever having said a word .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go to brio often for happy hour . the food is always delicious but recently the service has been something to mention . a new server named nikki took care of us and was so great that we ask for her by name when we go . you guys made a great choice when hiring her . hope to see you all again soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "three of us dined . i had a whole roasted chicken with mashed potatoes and grilled veggies was excellent . of course , i could not eat a whole thing . my son really enjoyed ravioli w tasty sauce . my wife had crab cakes which was good . our waiter was very friendly and attentive . do i go back again ? yes , definitely .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just had a great brunch with hubby howard at brio tuscan grille in scottsdale . had their beef carpaccio . large enough fo two with capers , special mustard and olive oil and forcaccio crackers . fabulous and two great bloody marys . the perfect sunday light brunch for under $ 25 . need i say try it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "same great people at a better location . shannon and her groomers take care of our 2 dogs exclusively . tons of closer places- but it 's so worth the drive . she now does boarding too- book early they are very busy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place doubles as a pyrenees rescue . i tried adopting a dog from shannon twice . the second attempt was for a dog named napoleon that was supposed to be a great dog . she knew the dog had separation anxiety and never told me . after leaving the dog alone in the house for 2 hours he destroyed 3 window shades and screens costing around $ 250.00 . i also informed her i wanted a dog to guard my animals . this dog only wanted to kill them and damaged my shoulder trying to do so . i feel she is more interested in giving these dogs to anyone just to get the $ 300.00 fee instead of finding a home that is beneficial to both the dog and the family .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place reminds me of candy shops on the ocean beaches of the usa . we were looking for a place to get dessert in the neighborhood and saw the bright pink candy sweetness glowing out into the darkening street drawing us in . we could n't stop ourselves ... it was like magic . upon entering the vast land of candy , candyland if you will , our eyes grew big as saucers as we gazed at the shelves of bright and sweet goodies . we were barely able to restrain ourselves from taking the whole store home and managed a small sack each of our favorite treats .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "normally i 'm not a fan of liquorice , but the ones they sell here are awesome ! they have liquorice filled with caramel ( very good ) , lemon ... . my favorites are lemon and coke , vanilla , fizzy apple , and orange . they are not like your typical liquorice-simply delicious ! i found the mint one really weird though-not a fan of that flavor . it 's 30 pence each .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i saw 'yankee sweets ' and i had to go in . while i was expecting many more yankee sweets , i did appreciate what they did have : twizzlers , butterfingers , baby ruth , reece 's pieces , mr. goodbar , whatchamacallits , boxes of lucky charms cereal , etc . i do n't know if these are solely yankee , but they also have white chocolate reece 's peanut butter cups , which i love and usually ca n't find ! the store is cute , even decked out with a slushy machine and i thought the prices , especially for the american candy were fairly cheap ! i now know that i can top up my american candy stash when i visit edinburgh !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm normally not inspired enough to write yelp reviews , but after having a white hot chocolate at i love candy i felt that i had to ! it was amazing ! i 've been trying hot chocolates all over the uk ( i do n't drink tea , so any time my friends want a tea , i get a hot chocolate ) . i love candy 's was hands-down the best i have tried ! also , at something like 2.25 pounds it was a deal , roughly the same price as a hot chocolate at one of the chain stores . however , this one was made from `` belgian chocolate chips '' and it showed ! well done , i love candy . the decor is almost dizzyingly pink and cheery , but when the employee ( or owner ) had a properly cheery disposition to match , it all seemed right . the candy selection looked great , although i did n't check it out so much .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this one just seems to have popped up very recently as a replacement to juiced up . it 's a shop selling a huge selection of traditional sweets such as bonbons , macaroons and the like . it 's really well laid out with an inviting feel to it . i hope it does well enough to keep going for longer than the previous tenants did .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lots of slection . a bit annoyed , because i 'm not much of a candy consumer but needed to find peppermint candy canes . i found them here ( hurrah ) but they didnt taste like peppermint ! ( disgusting ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been around the valley , and this is my favorite place to get my hair cut . why ? consistency . i 've had 4 or 5 different employees here cut my hair . all were super friendly , and all did the job wonderfully . i have never had a complaint . they do have coupons that can bring your price down a bit , but for someone who needs to get their hair cut every 3 weeks , i needed a place where i could expect the same level of service each and every time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "checked in online . then drove over not one of the stylists would acknowledge me when i walked in . after numerous folks walked after me . i left and will never return since i drove out of my way to get there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came here with my friend for the first time for dinner on a friday night and it was surprisingly not busy . when we were seated , we got our menus and i ordered the dinner special ( chicken teriyaki on rice , vegetable and shrimp tempura , california roll , and 1 ebi sushi . ) for 10.99 . our soup and salad came fast and they were bigger portions than most places i 've been to . the teriyaki sauce is really good . and there was a good amount of chicken on the rice . the only thing i did not like was the california roll . they were really small and cut too thin . i would come back for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do takeout lunch here once a week . i get the same special every time , the hot special lunch ( 6 spicy salmon maki , 8 kamikaze maki , salad , and miso soup ) . so good ! the woman running front counter is super sweet . highly recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "place was okay , came here because we could n't find the other place that we wanted to lol . service was good , the lady that greeted us was very nice and courteous . food i found to be just okay , nothing super amazing , but pretty dang good considering it 's like 13 bucks for ayce lunch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered 6 special rolls today , brown rice . about $ 70 before special discount . when order arrived it was quite light , basically fit into 3 regular sushi trays from a grocery store with each roll quite small with little fish . brown rice ( extra charge ) has usually been quite nutty and tasteful from others , but this was more sort of brownish white rice with no extra texture or taste so quite disappointing and not worth the extra $ 1 per order but what was more disappointing is that the rolls were also not worth $ 10+ each , more like supermarket $ 5 except supermarket would also through in some sushi or sashimi so you actually could see and taste the fish . sorry , but much better alternatives .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my first time going this shichimi sushi i order an chicken bento box . they do n't put enough rice just small amount . i just paid 8.99 for all that . i did n't get enough food i was not too happy about it . i do n't think i would ever go back again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i really do like the food here ... .but the take out service is really really poor . usually takes an hour to get them to pick up the phone . call goes straight to voice mail . so unfort . i take business elsewhere ... which is too bad cause i love their salmon ! maybe they are so popular or something ! ? but they need a better take out system . it used to be great !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is our neighbourhood sushi place . the sit down area in rarely packed . i used to worry about this until i realized that they do a boooming take out business .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've walked by this place hundreds of times , as i grew up in the neighbourhood . not once in those hundred times did i go in and now i regret my missed years of eating here . i finally went in and had an unbelievable meal and people are finding that it 's hard to get me to eat sushi anywhere else now . the best thing to eat here is the specialty rolls ... located ( secretly ) on the last page . the queen or the banzai are the most incredible , they have bbq 'd eel , avocado , mango , spicy sauce , crab , tempura ... just an amazing burst of flavours . their regular rolls like spicy crunchy salmon or california along with their miso soup and tempura are all fantastic as well . the family that runs it is great and their little girl usually helps out and she 's adorable . always fresh and never disappointed . i think also right now they have a 30 % off deal since its their anniversary ! ! you.must.eat.here . if not ... you 'll regret it ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would say this place is `` ok '' . we always get take-out instead of eating in , as the atmosphere is not great - sort of like cafeteria tables . i find the pricing actually to be very reasonable in terms of sushi places ... .one of hte reasons we eat there . there is a massive selection of rolls - my absolute favourite is the shichimi roll - which is tear-dropped shape , filled with spicy tuna and tempura , and is soooo good . their sushi pizza is a little on the greasy side . basically , i continually go back there so it 's obviously not bad . it 's not the best sushi in the city , by far , but it 's good value for money . not where i 'd go for a special date , or when i 'm dying for awesome sushi , but it does the trick when we 're hungry and in the mood for take-out sushi .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great sushi . so fresh and tasty . lunch special is awesome i like the hot special", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i originally got a deal on groupon for ipl here . they were super nice and their ipl machine , natural laser is great . i did n't know how great until i went somewhere else on a different and this other place was horrible and burned me ! yuu beauty staff and so nice and professional , they do a great job . i have found great results with their natural laser ipl treatments ! and continue to go back to them . they do deals every now and then so its wroth signing up for the their emails .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been visiting this salon for a while as i bought an ipl voucher from groupon . the salon is a lovely place and the staff are very friendly . i 've been receiving my ipl treatment for a few months and i 've also had my legs waxed here . no complaints about anything : ) the salon is a bit out of town but if you live near by it 's perfect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's not that yuu beauty is bad , because it 's not . i 've been quite a few times as the salon is quite convenient for my work and it 's good and quick and handy . the beauticians are friendly and the salon is pretty , tasteful etc , but i think the price is what 's keeping the fourth star off for me . it 's a bit expensive , but then i suppose all salons are ramping their prices up regularly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just had one of yuu 's \u00a310 tans and it was amazing ! no streaks and the girl ( young and blonde ) was very nice and explained it all and the different colours to me.. id personally pay well over the price for one of these tans as it lasted for ages ! also , had a diamond peel done in the salon with claire and my skin felt super soft , all the therapists and the receptionist who works a thursday i think her name might be caley are really nice and made my experience at yuu most enjoyable.. thanks girls x", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not favourable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "favorite doughnut shop ! cheap and fresh and open 24hrs ! coffee is good too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you have to know what you are going here for . delicious donuts in a small town feeling donut shop . i grew up on spudnuts . we used to stop here in the 90 's before sunday school . nostaligia ? o for sure . before we even walked inside , i could smell that signature donut smell that just makes you know it 's spudnuts . the inside makes you feel like you were in a bar , except it 's a donut shop . people reading the paper and casually drinking coffee and eating a donut . a hang out spot . the interior has n't changed since the 90 's , heck , probably since before then . but that is part of the charm . we ordered a glazed twist . it tasted very fresh and so good . sweet and unhealthy but made me feel good . we also ordered a coffee which was pretty average . not dunkin ' donuts and not some fancy hip donut spot . but spudnuts . i 'm so glad this place still exists after all these years .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh my , this was was beyond a donut ! ! ! i bought a maple donut that was the size of a tricycle tireamazing i made it last more then one sitting ! ! but to big to eat all at once ! ! ! and so fresh thank you spudnut x.o", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a little different than your regular donuts . it 's a little more denser than regular donuts due to potato flour in it . great little location . i tried several spudnuts and they are pretty good . can not really compare them to regular donuts because they are not .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "24 hr donut shop . what more need i say ? although , my roommate suggests they build smaller doors . since for some of their patrons , donuts are the last thing they need on this planet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "spudnuts is by far the best local doughnuts you will find in ne ohio . more times than not you will find fresh warm glazed doughnuts that are awesome . my favorite are the apple fritters so good and make a good cup of coffee even better . stop by and you will glad that you did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "doughnuts made from potato flour . a little thicker , heavier than traditional doughnuts , but i like them this way . pretty inexpensive , nice variety of flavors . i think they even have a club card for frequent shoppers . they also have very cheap ( not exactly fantastic , but cheap ) coffee . for some reason , lots of stray cats hanging out in the parking lot next door ( like about 20 of them ) . if you are in pa , find doughnuts made out of mashed potatoes ( i.e . fastnachts ) but in a pinch , these will do .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "apparently today is `` national just because day '' and at my work they brought in tons of spudnuts donuts ! i 'm usually not a donut eater , but i decided to channel my inner homer simpson and indulge in a donut . first things first , these things are huge ! about the size of my hand and two inches thick . i picked one with light white icing and a very generous amount of blue sprinkles . tasty ! i think it would have been exceptionally delicious if it was warm mmm . this would be an excellent donut to soak up your coffee with . i 'd actually really like to get another one and pop it in the microwave for a few seconds , but i have no plans to star on `` my 600lbs life '' any time soon so i 'm practicing restraint . although nobody would have to know since i 'm wearing a maxi skirt with a forgiving elastic band ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the most amazing donut shops in all of ohio ... i seriously have never had a bad donut or bad coffee ... the coffee is fresh , the donuts are fresh , and every staff member that i have met over the years this friendly and extremely efficient and quick getting you your meal and coffee ... they say that spudnuts is the crown jewel in lake county ... and it is absolutely 100 % correct ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love independent doughnut shops ! this place had a variety of doughnuts and super quick service . while it was a good doughnut i thought the doughnut was a little on the dry side . not so pillow-y and airy as other spudnut donuts i 've had . but it was still very delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this donut shop is great . the smell as soon as you open the door is fantastic . the donuts and coffee are made fresh . the donuts come in several varieties and beat anything i have every had so far . we picked up a few for breakfast in the morning and were as fresh the next day . this is a donut you need to have .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh lord this is the best doughnut shop in north east ohio ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! nothing compares , biagios does n't even come close , not at all . spudnuts doughnuts are big , full of filling and best dough i 've ever tasted . ever . i will go out of my way 100 time of out 100 to come here . they also match other competitor coupons if you bring them in . whattttt ? talk about service . if i move out of ne ohio , the thing that would make me stay is the spudnuts . me writing about this no joke makes me want to go get them now . best in ne ohio maybe the entire state !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "big donuts . little flavor . they were fine i guess . the girl at the counter was nice . there were a couple of flies in one of the cases so i ordered from the other because i was too lazy to go elsewhere . the cinnamon roll was decent-ish . i 'm new to the area so i was n't sure where to go for good donuts but this does n't seem to be the place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent place to grab a doughnut ! large selection and they are not small in any way ! tried the maple creme filled long john and a giant cherry chip fritter ! both were delicious and the fritter was about the size of my head ! very friendly staff and is a good place to getaway while waiting at one of the nearby car dealerships .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good selection but bad customer service . i bought a beach umbrella and used it only a handfull of times . the pointy tip must have broken off in the sand so i contacted them via email to obtain a replacement . since i was out of warranty , they did n't ever bother to reply to my 3 emails . finally had to resort to online chat and they were not willing to waive the shipping on the replacement part which costs as much as the new umbrella even thought i was willing to pay for the part . now that is bad customer service !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible fading ! ordered two `` tuscan orange '' 8 rib replacement canopies . not even done with the first summer and they have both faded beyond recognition ! plus , it was an unusually rainy and cloudy summer , so they were not exposed to much sun . whenever it rained , i closed and tied the umbrellas . very disappointed in the quality of the fabric .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but great experiences with the shade usa site or their customer service ! at first i had a few questions about one of the products i was going to order , so i emailed them and received nothing but friendly and fast replies . i was traveling to ny for a vacation and wanted to take an umbrella so i ordered a portable umbrella that fit in my carry-on . it held up perfectly at the beach and i 've used it several times since . because of that positive experience i recently ordered a few chairs and they arrived quickly and with no issue . i 'm not really sure what these other reviewers are talking about ( perhaps isolated incidents , or maybe the reviewers just like leaving horrible reviews like some of their records indicate ? ? ) but - i have to say that i shop online quite a bit and shade usa offered one the easiest experiences and the products are great . i would definitely order from them again and would recommend the site to others as well ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whenever i need new umbrellas for the yard the only company i 'm going to call is shade usa . what a great experience and what great customer service . my high-quality umbrella showed up when they said it would and i could n't be happier with the product . a truly exceptional experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish i did n't have to put in 1 star , but yelp does n't have the option of no star ratings . these guys are bad people and extremely unprofessional , purchased 16 umbrellas , 8 broke in the first 2 months . stay away from this company , please read the other reviews . i wish i had", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my daughter ordered us a beach umbrella with wind flaps and two chairs for our anniversary in jul 2011. the chairs arrived on time . there was a problem with the umbrella delivery but we ultimately received it . less than 2 years later , and after just a handful of uses , the umbrella is broken . shade usa said it is past the 90 day warranty and wo n't do anything . our other inexpensive umbrella that we have had for 20+ years is just fine . shade usa product was expensive and of inferior quality . would not buy from them again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i donot usually write review but this time i could not pass . i wish i had read chris d. review before ordering . i ordered a patio umbrella and was given my order number , so i tracked it with ups . long story short my shipment was delivered to someone in another state . i called and talk to the person who said she was the owner and she was out of the office and could not tell me what happen to my package . what kind of business is this ! i just want my money back . never again . if i could i would give them a 0 rating . she need a class on how to be professional .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered first umbrella ( red ) faded after 1st summer , called they replaced umbrella put it out last summer same thing it was faded , thought maybe with a company based in az there umbrellas would stand up to ny sun.wrong wo n't buy ever again from this company", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered a sun resistant-fabric umbrella which cost around $ 160 . in less than two months , the fabric completely faded . i would never order from them again , especially because they did not respond to my complaint .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered three market umbrellas from shade usa and unfortunately received them in the wrong umbrella color . i emailed the company , explained the problem , sent a picture as requested and they promptly emailed back and said they would send out the correct color covers . the only thing asked of me was to pack up the wrong ones and return them via ups in the box they sent the new ones in ( they paid for the return shipping ) . problem solved . they could n't have been more courteous and attentive . the span of elapsed time to solve the problem was 90 minutes ( 4 emails ) start to finish . i highly recommend them and the only reason i did n't give 5 stars was because the order was wrong to begin with , but they sure made up for it with their very good customer service . i would definitely reorder from them and feel very comfortable in recommending them since on-line merchants who provide quality customer service are not that common .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "uh . customer service ... is not existent . i have an integral piece on my offset umbrella of which i bought two that completely disintegrated after only a year . what a pos . i write to mark and he tells me sorry we have no spare parts for those , but you can buy another one as we are clearing them out for $ 99 . great . kick me in the teeth . i ask him to part one out and he can have the parts for other people who will likely need parts and mark tells me that they only have a 90 day warranty . i have purchased 8 umbrellas from these guys and that is how they reward some of their better customers ? you wo n't get another dime of my money . there are plenty of other umbrella sellers out there . oh yeah , i have a marketing tour that leaves in july that needs 50 umbrellas . guess i will look elsewhere . shadeusa is tripping over dollars to pick up dimes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible ! please do n't waste your money here . bought a canopy replacement for my 9 ' umbrella and 9 months later it 's completely faded . contacted customer service on their live chat and the rep told me that it 's not meant to be outside all the time . i said , it 's an umbrella and where else would i be putting it ? ? his reply was `` i assume this is a rhetorical question , is there anything else i can help you with '' . are you kidding me ? ? no , it was n't a rhetorical question and why would i buy an outdoor product that could n't live outside ? i live in southern california , although always warm , it 's not always sunny . i find it ridiculous that this was to be expected in this timeframe and i find their customer service to be insulting . not to mention i paid more here than many other places sell for .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awful . no customer service . rude and unprofessional lady answers phone and hangs up on you when you try to press for information on where your order is . they have my money and i do n't have my order . they are now not answering their phone . huge disappointment . huge .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the beach umbrella i ordered did have some manufacturing flaws that made me want to return it but tammi in customer service replied to my concern and resolved the problem . i would purchase from here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered the castaway instant sun shelter from shade usa and i could n't be happier ! the ordering process was seamless and the customer service was top-notch . my cabana is so easy to use and was perfect for our day at the beach . i always recommend shade usa to my friends and family and i recommend it to you too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great experience with shade usa . i respect each person 's experience people , but i am writing about my experience . i bought a replacement canopy for our 11 ' cantilevered umbrella . the ones that shade usa sells are for 'market umbrellas . ' and are n't made for the specific cantilevered style . so , i needed to return it . i sent two different emails to them , and both times they responded within an hour . the product we received was impressive ! the weight of the fabric was surprising in a good way ! some of them i have purchased are thin and 'bed sheet ' like . this was very much like denim ! good experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered a new poly canvas for my umbrella frame on one day and received it the next ! it 's perfect . good company !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the umbrella broke after three uses . low quality . owner offered a discounted cost plus i pay for shipping to replace it . he was very rude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered two rio brand beach chairs and received them in san diego in just three days by standard shipping . everything was as advertised and correctly processed . the chairs are rio brand ( sc536-70-1 ) backback beach chairs with cooler . they look reasonably well designed . some of the components , the arms and recliner latch pins , are made of plastic which may be fine . we 'll see how they hold up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's amazing how people 's experiences with companies differ . i did n't find shadeusa on yelp . if i would have used yelp i probably would n't have bought through them based on there poor rating . luckily , i did n't . i came to yelp on this company to specifically give them an outstanding review . why ? because they went out of their way to make me happy so i 'm going out of my way to give them a great review because they earned it . pretty basic stuff here . would n't dream of buying their kind of products from another company . fan for life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "placed an order with this company for a replacement umbrella frame to fix one that had broken in a storm . my wife ordered it at 3:20 pm and it was delivered by ups within hours the same day . even though we are located in the same city but at opposite ends this was excellent customer service and delivery . the umbrella frame was a perfect replacement . i will definately order from them in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "of course now that i have a complaint i have read the customer reviews and i should have been forewarned ! i purchased 2 tuscan orange canopies and they have n't lasted 60 days ! this is an inferior product and do not waste your money on these canopies . these canopies will need to be tossed as they are totally faded . this is a huge disappointment . now my replacements need replacing !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing . i was seen by chrissy & her work is just fantastic . i had really dark box hair color and her lift to a soft blonde was great for my balayage . i loved it . prices are very exceptional as well . she 's very friendly and very realistic of what she can do for u . the salon itself is very open and very bright with natural daylight . it 's just very welcoming and i am very pleased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely will not go to anyone else to get my hair done besides auggie . he does and amazing job and is very professional . i love to change my hair color and style quite often and he perfects it every time ! ! ! he recently put in extensions and colored it violet . let me tell you , he really outdid himself . it came out gorgeous ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh my gosh ! ! vicki is amazing ! the attention , discussion and talent is incredible . she blew me away with the results and i am very selective with my hair . i 've found my new hairdresser .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "david gerard 's new location is gorgeous . chrissy does masterful work with color and is just fun to be around . she clearly loves her work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for my scheduled appointment and all staff was preoccupied . i had one person casually say hi to me . i was waiting over 20 mins and never greeted or offered water . i have never been to a salon before that dose not greet customers or apologize for the wait . maybe hiring a desk person would be something they should consider .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "david hires the best staff . i usually go to their other location but once they opened up the gentlemen 's parlor i had to try it out . they are still establishing the gentlemen side , kevin does a great job and the price is right !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ask for vicky ! my first experience at the salon was amazing . vicky truly cares about her costumers and wants what 's best for them . she even let my boyfriend watch movies so he was n't bored out of his mind haha ! i will be recommending all of my friends family to go . i will for sure be back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extreme color correction done by christina ! she 's so amazing at what 's she does and completely knowledgeable as well , i thought my hair could never be fixed until i came here so happy and loving my new hair ! this place is defiantly a go to ! will be returning ! thank you for amazing services provided here ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went there hoping to acomplish my mom 's desire of matching all her hair to a platinum ( silver ) like her gray hair . i told the woman exactly what i wanted . i paid on 1st visit and she stated she would need to see her 2 or 3 times to get to the desired color at no additional charge . went all those times and the last time she said that it was going to be an extra $ 15 bc it was taking longer and more product than what she expected . i got mad , but thought , well if she delivers , i will pay . well , she did n't and my mom ended up with 2 different colors ; platinum on the front ( from her gray hair ) and all the back in yellow . i 'm so pissed . they should have returned my money . definitely not going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing service ! ! ! i love bri she is amazing and understands what a customer is looking for and does her best to give the client amazibg results . she is a color expert and helped me get the color i am ways wanted thank you so much ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "serenity expose spa : talisa does and awesome waxing job and i think she 's the best ! i 've been a client of hers for nearly 3 years and every single time she is quick , professional and does a heck of a job getting rid of unwanted hair . love love love her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had full highlights done by vicky , i love it ! her attention to detail is impeccable . prices are totally reasonable . chrissy did an amazing job on my daughter 's highlights , these two will definitely be our go to girls for hair ... .try these girls out , you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i read the reviews and said yes this is where i want to go . heather was the one who was to cut my hair . i showed her pics of what i wanted . it was n't what she did . i looked at it and was n't happy , but none the less paid for it and tipped her . went home tried to get it right by blow drying it again , trying to see if it would work , just was n't happy at all . the cut was uneven . i went back in and she was at the greeting area . i told her i just was n't happy and explained again what i wanted . she argued with me , i asked to speak with the manager , she called david . he was very apologetic and asked auggie to fix my hair . auggie fixed it and once i looked at it , i let out a hugh sigh of relief . he did an amazing job . would highly recommend this place , just not heather .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love coming to see christina . i always leave so happy with my hair and my new look . she also gives me good tips on how to keep my hair healthy recommends great products . i trust her with my loved ones as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the esthetician talisa does a great job ! i 'm very pleased with the wax i received . she was very friendly and the environment was clean and comfortable . the prices are reasonable as well . i really enjoyed my experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my new stylist is miss christina ! went in to get my hair corrected have natural black hair wanted an ombr\u00e9 . christina very knowledgeable and experienced . any one needing a haircut or hair color strongly recommend her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sandy did an amazing job cutting my hair and thinning it out . my hair is thick and i can never find a stylist who can cut it right . not only did she cut it , she showed me how to style it and made sure it was perfect before i left . coming here , i found my new hair salon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first experience with david gerard salon . i arrived this morning to find that the stylist i was scheduled to see had an emergency and was not available . christina stepped in and gave me a fabulous haircut . she even honored the christmas haircut special that had been offered by the other stylist . i will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming here for 2 years now , and i must say that vicky is the best ! ! she takes her time and makes sure i look good when i leave ! always a friendly place with a great vibe and very clean ! vicky has cut my hair when it was long and she now cuts it short , she 's the only one i trust with my hair ! she is more friend now than she is my stylist , i trust her judgement and always ask her opinion when trying something new ! oh yah auggie is cool too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred to vicky by my mom and i 'm so pleased with her service . she really took the time to understand what i was wanting , and she provided insight into what was best for my hair . i highly recommend this salon and vicky !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's been almost two weeks since i got my hair done by christina and i still love how i look ! ! ! i met christina at the nail salon and i felt she was a very genuine person so i felt comfortable coming to her . i also checked her salon out here on yelp and to my great surprise , many others wrote amazing reviews about her too . ( i just moved here from california so this brought me more comfort ) . thank you christina for making me feel beautiful ! i ca n't wait to see you for my next appointment !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really ca n't square this one : ugly furnitures and douchy employees . how 's this business still running ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great from head to toe . they have an affordable , beautiful modern store and service with a nice smile ! ! i was esp . intrigued by the assembly person . very good-guy . glad they hired him ! ! also , did my complex job in fifteen minutes flat ! one note , dont get their wooden futons necc . automatically they most , most likely break easy . unless youre about under 120 pounds..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service , i walked in nearer to the end of the day and the guy working there still took his time ( did n't rush me out ) and explained everything - admitted it has been a lot of years since i bought last one so there have been some changes : ) there was no pressure to buy but no disinterest to make the sale either - which seems so common these days if you 're not the owner . he was great and although i did n't make my purchase that night , i will go back to this store to buy it soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i made the mistake of going to this branch on a friday at 4:30 pm . they had 2 teller windows open and i counted 23 people in line , with 4 greeters . i had a simple check deposit and i did n't require a receipt . i asked 2 of the greeters if they could handle the deposit for me , as greeters do at their other branches , but was told i would need to stand in line . i will not make the same mistake twice and wo n't be returning to this branch .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a busy bofa location . there are plenty of tellers though being near a light rail location and mall may be why this location stays pretty active . there are in house representatives to assist with all your banking needs including personal loans , business banking , finical and other banking services . this location has plenty of bilingual spanish speaking tellers to meet the needs of those whom may need to speak spanish . the teller who helped me with both my personal and business needs was friendly . she also thanked me for coming in .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i hate it when places have 3-4 people greeting you when you walk-in , but only 1-2 tellers helping you at the window . forget the greeter , pay someone to help me with my transaction faster .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one teller with 7 people in line ? a 20 minute wait while the teller just chats with a customers baby . meanwhile the supervisor is doing everything she can to ignore the line and not get on to help . it would be faster to go way out of the way than to wait at this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the tellers are always super nice and helpful . and i 'm sure they put up with a lot of nasty customers at this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "14 people in line one teller confused open . i 'll try the glendale location in fry 's they are always fast . this might not be a bad bank for personal banking but do n't bother for merchant , you 'll be here all day .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "long waits times and low staff availability make this location a really poor experience ! ! the drive thru is about 50 yards away on the other side of wells fargo ! ! ! avoid this bank if possible ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst bofa in az ! ! dark , dingy , and understaffed . no one understands the concept of 'customer service ' . the manager appears to spend all her time flitting about and gossiping instead of helping customers , while the lines get longer and longer . employees are overworked and manager is incompetent .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was referred here by a friend , and more specifically to a man named sergio . i have a 2001 trans am and anyone who knows those rear hatch windows knows it 's a pain in the ass to tint . was quoted $ 240 at another shop and came here to check it out . i wanted the 2 front windows , the rear , both t-tops , and a glare strip across the front all in 5 % limo tint . told sergio and he quoted me $ 210 ( would have been cheaper but had to remove old tint ) . more than happy with the job and would definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my saviors ! lol ! recently acquired a new vehicle with zero tint and in just 80 degree las vegas weather my interior was roasting ! sergio and his crew to the rescue ! took me right away ! very polite , professional..and patient as they explained tint options ! fair pricing , clean shop , excellent work ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had my new truck tinted here , great job ! i will recommend them to friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had shopped around for a good price on my window tint . it is a must in las vegas . this place by far has the best prices . and the work was superb . sergio got me in the same day that i called . and it on took a few hours . very professional work . i am very happy with the tint job . i will refer all of my friends and family here . and i have other cars to bring to them . i could n't be happier . thanks sergio and team .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service is quick , the price is reasonable & sergio is very helpful ! they did an awesome job , im glad with how it turned out . i definitely recommended to get your tint done here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so incredibly happy with my results . they do need a receptionist or someone in the front but other than that the quality of work is awesome . my car got done in a timely manner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sergio very nice , got my fiat abarth 2015 install 30 % tint done in 2hr . lowest price in town , computer cut . recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service ! ! best price in town ! ! ! their staffs are friendly , efficient , professional . i just got two windows tinted 15 minutes ago , they worked so fast and got the job done in just about 30 minutes ! i definitely will recommend my friends and family to this place , and i highly recommend people looking for windows tinting to this place . i found this place from yelp and i read all the reviews , now i 'm gon na leave a good one , since their good service is not a lie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best i 've ever seen ! ! ! ! the windows are life time warranty and the best of the best ! las vegas has n't had this best ! i found them right here ! ! been doing this 20 years plus ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! it shows . looks amazing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "husband just had my honda civic windows tinted and they look great ! ! sergio quoted us an amazing price and it comes with a warranty ! my windows look great now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sergio is cool ! he gives you a good price with everything you wanted but then his workers try to charge you extra for something they forgot to put on ! ! besides that professional", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best place to get your windows tinted ... 100 % satisfied with the quality and the personnel is very professional ... . i recommend to all friend and family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looks amazing ! made an appointment within a day and job was done in less than an hour ! thank you sunshade and sergio ! love my new tint !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "husband and i decided to check out this place to have the car tinted . we sat in their office guest waiting room for about 20 minutes with no one coming by to assist us . we saw some employees but no one seemed to be interested in helping us . they just stood there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had an appointment and was told it was going to take 2-3 hours . it took them nearly 5 hours . what 's the point of an appointment ? initially when i dropped my car off , no one was at the front and pressing the buzzer it took a little bit for someone to come to the front . very disappointing and after i got my car , it had a stink smell .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first i will say prices are lower then all other places we had check but that comes with the horrible customer service ! i had an appt for 10am and was told it would be about 2 hours . 6 hours later and my car is still not finished ! also i was quoted one price when i made my appointment and then about 3 hours after i had dropped my car off they text me saying it would be more then what they quoted . they did honor the original price they gave me after i got upset with them . needless to say i was not happy , and would have rather paid the extra $ 100 to have a different company work on my car .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was touring the apartments & the leasing consultant when to the back to get me a copy of the floor plan as i sat their waiting.i overheard the manager cursing at one of the residents she was so careless and unprofessional . i just walked out i could n't take it she would n't allow the resident to speak . from what i heard they have roaches in their patios . they never took care of the work order that she requested for her refrigerator a month ago . her food has been going bad for over a month . the manager just kept saying you do n't think i do anything around here . please do n't bother ! read the reviews on the site .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "friend of mine lives in these apartments ... there are two very thin stray cats living in the complex . my friend and few other residents have been feeding the cats . they are compassionate human beings ! who can walk past something so skinny and not do that ? ? ? the management posted a note on their door stating that `` they now see they have pets and they will now be charged pet rent and will need to pay a pet deposit '' . are they serious ! ? is that even legal ? why does the management not work with trap neuter companies and try to resolve the matter instead of preying on compassionate people . i would not live here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i have lived here for a little over a year , they maintain the community very well and whenever we 've had a maintenance issue its always been taken care of quickly . i would definitely recommend this property if you 're looking for a comfortable community and fun office staff that likes to keep their tenants involved !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this taco house is located in downtown gilbert . we stopped here for lunch while shopping in town . we were greeted immediately . the seating host asked us if we wanted to sit inside or outside . i said we wanted an inside booth . we were seated outside under a tree . the waitress brought chips and salsa . while getting our drinks debris kept dropping out of the tree above us . i asked if we could go inside and we did . i ordered a burrito , `` the beast '' . this is a burrito made with carne asada , pinto beans , avocado , pico de gallo . and cheese wrapped up in a flour tortilla . i was n't impressed with this americanized burrito . it lacked flavor and was rather dry . i ca n't give this place more than a 2 star when filaberto 's has a better burrito for half the price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after having walked past joyride so many times and wanting to stop in , i was really hoping to love it . unfortunately , they fell a bit short . we ordered various street tacos and they were okay but not really memorable . our daughter ordered cheese enchiladas and the cheese inside was completely burnt . she really could n't eat them . the margaritas were pretty good and for a good price at happy hour . with so many options now in dt gilbert , i 'm not sure if i 'd return ; however , you should give them a try if you 're in the mood for tacos and margaritas . the service was great and the atmosphere is really inviting .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very good contemporary mexican cuisine . my fil was visiting and was craving for some mexican food . we decided to check this place out . very airy and open , perfect for the weather we 're having at this moment . pineapple mojito caught my eyes even before i decided on my food , which was a little too sweet for my taste . hubby ordered the bandit ( chicken , carne asada , cochinita pilbil plate ) . fil had the beast carne asada and bean burrito . both paired their food with stella . to go with my mojito , vegetarian and goat cheese enchilada with salsa verde and ancho chile sauce was a perfect fit . my little cutie pie had his usual quesadilla and fresh lemonade . no room for any dessert . we do want to try their churro with chocolate dip next time around . the service was impeccable ! everyone seemed like they enjoy working there . the manager came by to ask how everything was . it was very good , thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joyride is a really cool place ! i recommend going on taco tuesday , for they have specails ! it is a laid back open atmosphere , kind of on the hipster side , friendly attentive staff and a decent size menu . i recommend their carne asada tacos , guac and chips and if you are not in the mood for tacos , their enchiladas are pretty tasty . az is finally having some awesome weather , go sit out on the patio and have some good food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came for my birthday . got ta say i just expected a delicious taco with all the hype ... . this is a super trendy taco joint , great vibe , great customer service . however the food was a let down . the tacos are piled with stuff that takes away from the little akward flavor the meats had . the best thing i absolutely loved is the corn tortillas it came on . they seemed fresh and homemade . for the price you are paying i was expecting authentic bomb street tacos , instead i paid for what looked like art in a tortilla , it looked nice but wasnt up to par with the taco cart in juarez . it was a big disappointment when you can get a better taco from a taco cart , then you can from this potentially awesome restaurant . so if your into food photography this is the best place to snap some pics , if you are craving a authentic bomb taco , look elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i really liked it here . nice atmosphere , friendly waiters , cute decor , the clash playing on the loud speakers ( a wee bit too loud for my liking ) , and best of all - prompt chips and salsa delivery ( for those of us who are famished and just do n't like to wait ) . indoor and outdoor seating - with the choice of 2 patios . chips were good - not burnt or too thick , house salsa was nice with a little smokey flavor and not too spicy for those who are spice-challenged . i ordered a cucumber mint agua fresca which was really light and refreshing . also got the nachos with a little added corn . the server was right when he told me , `` it 's like a meal . '' totally filled me up and i definitely had a lot left over . will definitely be back to try different agua fresca flavors and their veggie tacos !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awful service . came here before my bridal appt to celebrate with a friend and was unimpressed to say the least . we asked for drinks with a small amount of alcohol and got the exact opposite . we ordered food at 6:05 and after taking our order the server avoided our table at all costs . party of 6 came in at 6:20 and sat behind us . they received their food at 6:42 . at 6:45 we still had n't seen our server or our food . we excused ourselves from the table and proceeded to walk out the door . we had our bridal appointment at 7 and could n't wait any longer . as we were leaving we stopped the hostess and informed her that we were leaving and i left $ 20 on the table for our drinks . did n't receive an apology or anything . absolutely disgusted and now more hungry than ever", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bruh . the carne asada in the beast burrito was trash . the elote was over priced but was the only saving grace to this god awful place my boyfriend and i tried on a whim . could n't get a drink refill for the life of me , but after i 'm finished with my meal the waitress decides to refill my drinks . $ 12 for a cardboard burrito . i enjoyed writing this painfully honest review more than i did the food . on the bright side if you love dubstep and terrible remixes of sam smith and adele you 'll fit right in with the try hard atmosphere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "atmosphere is hip . service is very good . music a little loud . we each had a crispy fish taco . notice i said taco ... not tacos . we expected a little more food based on the price . the tacos here are pretty small . the taco was good but too watery ( do n't know what that juice was dripping all over my plate ) . chips are ok , salsa ok . when i compare what i get from the popular local fast food fish taco place and other mexican restaurants i have to wonder if this business plan will work . quality is ok. too expensive for what you get . i do n't mind spending the money if i feel i am getting my money 's worth . do n't know if we will go back or not ... probably not .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like this type of place exists in east valley suburbia . but i was n't impressed , especially being an upward concept . this was my first time visiting . food was good , overpriced for the demographic and offerings in my option , but a nice selection of options no less . the service on the other hand , terrible . we had to continually ask for drinks until we took matters into our own hands and went to the bar directly . this should n't be the case when you 're seated in the dining area . waiter did n't follow up when the food arrived , and a side of salsa that was requested when the order went in , took asking 4 times ! i will drive the extra mile to visit other upward concepts , but would n't patron this place again based on the service experience , or really , lack there of .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so honey and i wanted a lunch out one fine sunday afternoon.. so , with our baby in tow , we hit this joint up . not busy , so we got seated promptly.. outdoor in their patio area with the great weather . our server guy was great - very friendly , talkative , prompt and gave good recommendations . i had the spiked horchata ( with frangelico ) and hubby had on-tap beer . his three tacos came out and , unfortunately , i didnt ' get a chance to taste them but he appeared to enjoy them as i did n't hear a word otherwise . my dish , the cochinito pibil torta was sooo good ... that pineapple slaw was a perfect accompaniment and they perfectly buttered and toasted the soft , yummy torta the way i would ! i thoroughly enjoyed that torta and really really liked the horchata.. grainy the way real home-made horchata is . i 'd definitely come back , though not that regularly as it is a bit pricey for regular eating out for me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the atmosphere is cool , but the tacos are n't the greatest . they 're good , but nothing to write home about ; especially for the price . i got shrimp and fish tacos and paid more than what i 'm typically used to paying . it was a cool place to experience , but i would n't be back unless the flavor improved .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we eat and drink here at least once a week . excellent margaritas - strong . go on taco tuesday so you can get the strong margaritas for $ 5 ! veggie taco is a game changer . mexican street corn is out of this world and the queso reminds me of texas - where the best queso is found . oh , and did i mention that the service is fantastic . excellent service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really wanted to like this place , but i was disappointed after the first sip of the `` almond horchata '' . the atmosphere is trendy and cool , but the food is a tad over priced and is n't worth the hype . my drink was literally hard to swallow- it was very powdery and chalky . totally not worth the $ 8 ! i ordered the crispy fish taco which had no flavor , the braised beef taco was flavorful but the cochinita pibil made me give this rating an extra star . it was delicious ! also the salsa is very fresh and had the perfect amount of heat . the tacos are small so i feel like paying almost $ 4 for one is a rip off ! i 'm glad that i tried it but probably wo n't be going back . the fresh salsa and cochinita pibil tacos really are the reason for the 3 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love joyride taco house ! whoa ! love it ! ! addicted . fun place for the whole family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "atmosphere = nice greeter= superb service = horrible ... never got a tea refill the whole hour we were there food= 2 blocks of fat on plate . they did replace with meat . will i return ? probably not", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came with with my girlfriend and our dogs , as there is a large dog-friendly patio . i loved the location & look of this fun , festive , trendy lil spot . the music was great , lots of dr. dre , snoop , & a whole bunch of other 1990 's rap that made me feel like it was 1996 all over again . now , the food itself was not super impressive , but there were some items that really stood out . personally , i would suggest the chilled ahi-stack , the cheese y mas , and the mexican street corn . as far as drinks , i would go with the frangelico horchata as opposed to a margarita . pretty good service too . i 'll update review once i try a few more dinner dishes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "trendy new place in downtown gilbert , adjacent to the equallty trendy postino . joyride has a good menu , and fresh ingredients . the carne asada taco is excellent , as well as the fish taco . there area couple of reasons why i 'm only giving three stars . first , the atmosphere is trying to be very hip and trendy , which i found a bit of a turnoff . the servers were friendly enough , but i just personally prefer a cozier ambiance , rather than feeling like i 'm in downtown scottsdale . also , i thought the prices were a little high . they offer an excellent in-house salsa , but offer additional `` premium '' salsas for an additional charge . i like trying different salsas , but found my choices to be fairly bland , and not as good as their house salsa . the tacos are priced ok , though . joyride is a decent restaurant , and i 'd definitely try it again - but it did n't make me put it on my `` must-return '' list .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we tried it , liked it but probably wo n't return . i found the margaritas sour , the blood orange one too sweet , the chips too thin , the experience fair . loved the outdoor space and the service was excellent ... thus the three stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first off , i love how open and hipster - looking this restaurant is . the staff is nice . you can spot the manager keep going around checking on customers . their tacos are great with beautiful presentation . tortilla soup has a fresh taste with a subtle kick so be careful if you 're not good with spicy food . i came during happy hour so i decided to order a fresh pineapple juice with rum . however , i 'm pretty sure they forgot to put rum in there . the manager happened to check on us right then so i told him i did n't really taste the alcohol . immediately , i watched him making me a new drink at the bar . this time , he made sure he filled the glass with what tasted like 50 % rum ; ) great service recovery . will definitely come back again to try another dish on the menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food ! but not worth the horrible service ! took about 15 mins for drinks that included a dr pepper . the server said the bartender is working hard ... on my dr pepper ? ? asked for more chips and salsa 3 times . never got them . food came out fast though . will not go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow ... just had the worst experience ever at an upward project establishment ... we were seated promptly and the hostess was very inviting . here 's where we went wrong ( apparently ) , the bartenders started off attentive , but that was short lived . once our food arrive not once did either of them check on us . the busser or server did , not the bartenders . they were so wrapped up in cleaning side work we did n't get to order our second round of drinks , ask for more guacamole or even get our check in a timely fashion . we actually waited 20 mins to ask some one if we could pay . then another 10 mins for them to actually bring us the correct tab . i 've been here numerous times ! truly disappointed ... . on a good note , the food is always good . we left and went next door to postinos to finish our meal . had a great experience there ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been going here for years and it seems the food quality is dropping off . the salsa is not what it used to be and the food is getting more expensive with more fillers . the beast burrito used to be $ 9.50 and full of the best carne asada . now the burrito is packed full with spanish rice one one side and charge $ 11.50 . no thanks , i 'll take my rice on the side . sad day when a downtown idol takes the back seat . wo n't be going back anytime soon .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice addition to downtown gilbert . the restaurant is small , but there 's a nice outdoor seating area if you 're willing to wait . service varies from good to kind of slow , but i think the food speaks for itself as it 's tasty and well made . i definitely recommend a ( spiked ! ) agua fresca.the lolo grain salad is an excellent choice if you 're trying to go meatless . i think there 's better tacos in the valley , but they 're solid and will fill you up for a decent price . do n't skip dessert ! get an order of churros and let your taste buds walk through fried cinnamon heaven .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we have been coming here for almost 2 years . keeps going downhill on service . they now charge for chips and salsa . sort of seems like a hipster spot as of recent . the taco tuesday and 2pm specials seem to always change depending on what server you have . think this is our last time coming here which sucks cause it was our lunch spot for a while . referring to the gilbert location . the last 6 visits have gotten worse and worse in service . there 's a taco shop across the street we 're going to try . just gave this place another try . worse service than last time . no refills . only offered one margarita then given the check . food was decent at best . asked to speak to a manager and he came over , looked about 16 years old and did n't seem to care that we had bad service the first time , tried it again , had even worse service . he said he 'll try to do better and that was it . very disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing tacos ! ! and that side dish of the cucumber and orange salad is to die for ! ! ! their ceviche is very good ! their agua frescas are so freshing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a hotspot for hipsters . i went there a year ago on a date because she was a big fan of mexican food , as am i . she ordered a burrito and i got three tacos : 2 fish and 1 carne asada . we also got the almond horchata . the food was incredibly forgettable . it was n't spicy or flavorful in any way . the presentation was great but who cares if the food is bland . we were both very disappointed in the food as well as the horchata . i got the feeling that this place was so busy creating a hipster-friendly environment that they forgot to worry about their food . overall , the place had a cool look , friendly service , and the prices were n't terrible but i 'm never going back simply because the food was not that good . i 'll be hitting up joe 's bbq across the street if i 'm ever in the neighborhood again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been here three times now and like it says above `` i 'm a fan ! '' my favorite is the fish tacos and carnitas . they have all been excellent however . i did have a burrito once and while it was good , i would stick to the tacos in the future . the chocolate and churros are also a yummy good treat ! they have great happy hour specials on drinks and tacos . love the atmosphere in this place , fun retro vibe . service is a little slow sometimes but nothing horrible .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there food is probably a three , they have taco tuesday which is nice , with two dollar tacos , however they charge for there chips and salsa something they previously had n't done in the past . paying two dollars to get some extra chips and salsa when historically they were free is unacceptable . especially when there food is nothing special to get you through the door .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing . i had a great experience at joyride . as a proud member of the arcadia community , i rarely venture out of my bubble , but i 'm glad we made the trek all the way out to gilbert . the little downtown area where joyride is located is adorable and obviously a hotspot on the weekends . my boyfriend and i came in early on saturday night , around 5pm , and the place was already packed . the hostesses were very accommodating and showed us over to the bar where we waited for only about 5 minutes before we were shown to our table . our server dan was awesome ! super friendly , knowledgeable and helpful in making our dinner decisions . we had carne asada nachos-freaking bomb-the ahi stack-refreshing and very tasty-mexican street corn-delish-and an assortment of tacos , all of which were fantastic-my fave was the shrimp . and here 's a helpful tip , if you join their `` eposse '' they send awesome coupons , our appetizers were completely free ! it 's safe to say i highly recommend this place and that i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went in on a sunday night , just two of us . the service was slow , the food was okay , my drink was n't great and the waitress figured she would just add my tip to the bill for me with her mediocre service . would n't go back if i lived in the area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "- great salsas . the medium salsa had great flavor . the habanero salsa was more than just heat and had a nice smokey flavor - the chicken tinga tacos were excellent - the grilled baja fish tacos were pretty bland . reminded me of overcooked farmed salmon - the ceviche was pretty bland . just not a lot there - i liked the open space - solid service", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we actually really liked this place . the one thing i will say is that it is always packed , so prepare for a wait pretty much no matter what . that being said , the service here is absolutely on point ! the food is pretty good ... not outstanding , but certainly not bad . drinks are great and reasonably priced . fun atmosphere . we have been back twice now , and the service quality of food seems to be very consistent . great place for day drinks . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was fair ! ! not impressed by the flavors . tacos were so over priced but i guess thats to be expected in old town gilbert.. first set of chips and salsa free and in a small little container of salsa and chips were all broken up.. service was not great not one refill on drinks for any of us party of four.. just kept refilling water.. they for got the extra chips we ordered and my husbands salad.. wo n't bother coming back", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after reading all of the mixed reviews , my wife and i were a bit nervous to try what appeared to be an overly hipster mexican joint . it 's an understatement to say we were blown away ! our server justin was super friendly and provided stellar service . we started with the shrimp ceviche which had just the right amount of acidity and copious amounts of fresh plump shrimp . for our entrees , we shared three tacos : a fried fish , a grilled shrimp , and a cochinata pibil . all were absolutely delicious , but the standouts in my opinion were the shrimp and fish , especially the fresh guacamole which added just the right amount of freshness to the fried fish . we also split the enselada fila which was fresh , crispy , light , and vibrant ! although slightly overpriced , joyride taco house is well worth it with its fresh ingredients and friendly service . lesson well learned : never judge a hipster book by its cover .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my all time favorite taco shop ! they have an excellent chicken spicy taco thing ( chicken tinga ) that is fantastic and always leaves me wanting to come back ! ! ! not to mention their chips and salsa are delicious ! the atmosphere is so nice and all the employees are great , i love how they work in a team environment ! seriously , you have to come by and eat some tacos ( or nachos ) as soon as you can ! and by the way ... . you ca n't beat their prices !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am very picky when it comes to mexican food or any kind of latin food . i am of mexican italian decent and my wife is from central america so we know what is good . i was kind of skeptical about this joint due to the name and location . gave it a chance and wow i was impressed with the quality of the tacos and other food they had . very tasty food and is done with pride ... i would say it is a little pricy but if your having drinks and a night out its the perfect food to have with a beer , ,", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dear god in heaven , there is a burrito here called `` the beast '' that is , hands down , the best burrito i 've ever eaten . i 'm not kidding , wow ! also , the quesadilla with chicken was pretty much the second greatest thing i 've ever eaten . a little pricey ? sure.. worth it ? i 'd say so .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place ! their carne asada tacos with avocado were super delicious ! the wait staff was attentive and helpful . but really , the best part ... they played 90s music the entire time i was there and i seriously did n't want to leave !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first the important thing ... the drinks are amazing . of course they have three of my favorite bartender 's in town megan , chris , and diane . the decor is nice and has a good size bar . now for the food ... we tried a few different kinds of tacos the chicken had a nice spice , the beef was a little salty , and the pork was way to sweet . the chips and salsa rocked . oh did i mention the margaritas ... lol . all and all a cool place to hang out have some cocktails food . we will be back i wish you were just a little bit closer to home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "third time i have been in the past month , sad to say it will be my last . poor service , long wait , dirty tables . when we finished our food we had to wait for over 20 min for someone to come back over . the waitress stated that she could not run our card due to her family being in town ? ? ? yup , that 's what she said ! another girl came ran our card and gave me a box to box my own food . now the server that stated she could not run my card was able to come over to grab the tip though . great food ! it 's just a shame that the service is going down . a manager by the name of brad has since contacted me . he stated that he working on correcting the issue . i appreciate the fast response , maybe give them another try next month ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went there on a saturday night , service was terrible and it was n't even busy . i tried to order to a mango margarita and was told that they did n't have those on the menu anymore . what ! ? you have margaritas and mango syrup and you ca n't make a mango margarita ? so i order a soda and it took 10 minutes to get that . i ordered the carne asada tacos and it was dry and there was more onion than beef in it . needless to say wo n't be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "chicken tinga tacos rock and the nachos rock . if you enjoy a ace with a vibe that makes you feel welcome no matter who you are . fancy even though it 's got an awesome taco stand energy . this place is like no other delicious food , world class staff , beer selection for real beer drinkers , love for the masses", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was here on a short trip and my friend took me and my mom here to eat . i really like tacos and being in the southwest , i expected great things . i was kind of hungry , so i decided to try the beast burrito and my mom got some fish tacos . the burrito was good , but it just was n't what i was expecting , like something was off . maybe it was that it did n't taste as authentic to me . the tacos also were n't bad , but again , something was off to me . i thought it was slightly overpriced for what we got , since i was expecting more , but i would n't mind trying this place again given the right conditions .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "here 's the 4-1-1 : the atmosphere is hip , good music , nice wait staff , cool decor . the food is meh . i had the mexican street corn and crispy fish tacos . the corn comes on the cob with this cheesy butter mixture that is good when you start but way too much a few bites in , can you say water please ? the fish tacos were something i can get at any restaurant - good , but not great . we also got the churros con chocolate that were not cooked all the way through , blech . the salsa was very good and the chips tasted homemade - think thicker corn tortilla style chips with lots of salt , yum ! so there it is ... .i went for lunch btw so i did n't have the amazing drinks everyone on here raves about , but i do n't think i 'll be back for food . maybe some chips and salsa and a marg .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "taco tuesdays is where it 's at . $ 2 for most tacos here after 2pm on tuesdays ( and $ 5 margaritas ! ) . i 've moved out of arizona but come back once or twice a year to visit the family . it 's really incredible how downtown gilbert has expanded and modernized to accommodate so many new businesses . people actually come here to eat now : o . it 's also awesome to see that the space that postino and joyride is in is now finally home to a successful business . joyride has delicious tex-mex style tacos ( my favs so far are the carne asada and the standard ) , and great service . the staff is always friendly , and the space is nice and open . i love how the setup lets you simultaneously eat , watch tv , and take in all that downtown gilbert has to offer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "me and my fianc\u00e9 ate here for the first time today and the food was delicious . i had a blood orange margarita for my drink which was very yummy . we both decided to do the 3 tacos and a side of our choosing . i got a carne asada , the standard and a shrimp taco with a side of black beans . the fianc\u00e9 got a carne asada , carnitas and a baja fish taco with pinto beans as a side . the weather was nice out so we sat on the outside patio while enjoying our visit here . we will definitely be back for sure ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you should only be eating here if you care about being seen and want to be surrounded by hipsters . the tacos were some of the most bland i have ever had . add that to the price and there is absolutely no reason to go here . so sad to see people flocking here when the food is sooo underwhelming .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "rock-star treatment for a blue-collar , not-as-nicely-dressed-as-i-should-have-been guy on a fine wednesday afternoon . i had been hauling and delivering and installing and making a royal mess of myself before realizing i was hungry , later than lunch is served in many places . i stopped in about 3 looking for lunch , which they said they 'd happily serve me , but the happy hour is insanely tempting ... .and so i bit ! three tacos ( veg pork i forget the 3rd ) and a , um , sorry boss , pitcher of yummy craft beer . very delicious food , tasty premium waves ( the pitcher is $ 5 all day until 5pm , while a pint is $ 6 ; what are you going to do ? ; ) , and the drinking water ( and ice-perfect size texture ... i know , that sounds weird , but you sit there and drink water and chew the ice w o realizing you have been doing this for 5 minutes ! ) . really god job by mr demarco & company . ca n't wait to go back . like tomorrow .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had dinner here with my bf . we were craving tacos and he found this place through yelp cause we wanted to eat nearby . the weather was nice so we ate outside ! i had carne asada , shrimp , and crispy fish with spanish rice on the side . everything was delicious and tasted fresh ! so much flavor and i was satisfied with every bite . their house salsa and chips were good for starters.. my bf had braised beef , shrimp , and crispy fish tacos as well with grilled veggies which he enjoyed very much . all we could say is mmmm ! service was great and they were all friendly . thanks for the great experience on our first time being here . definitely will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you can get drinks on the lawn while you wait for your table at this family friendly location . if you ask really nicely they might serve you appetizers there too if you just want a snack and some drinks . the wait gets to be pretty long on fridays and saturdays , so you want to make a reservation if possible . we had done happy hour before coming here so we ended up not being hungry enough to get any food - i 'll have to try that next time . i love the color scheme here - bright and happy . casual to casual-dressy - perfect for jeans and a cute top or a sun dress . a bit hipster too . our drinks were good - i do n't remember the name of the one i had but it had lots of cucumber and was delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so disappointed ... .been to the location in phoenix and it was so great , everything from the staff to the food , not here in gilbert . went in late last night about 10:40pm the posted hours are open until 12am so figured we had plenty of time . we were greeted and sat immediately . while we were given water and had drink order taken at 1045 pm we were told it was last call for the kitchen and to hurry and order . we ordered guacamole , and each ordered 2 tacos , we also requested pico since the salsa that came with the complimentary chips were too spicy for our taste . the pico was awful it came out warm and tasted off but since we placed the order we have not seen our server , he was cleaning and getting ready for closing , plus it was n't busy . the tacos were good but that 's really all i can say . had i never been before it would be my last , its my last time at this location , i may try phoenix again but not anytime soon .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been wanting to try this place since they opened up a while ago . several of my friends have been now several times and i finally got to go check it out . i am a fan . it is a great place to go with friends and have a nice conversation and meal . the tacos are quite pricey ( hence the four stars ) but they are tasty as well . there is also the street corn that my buddy got when we went there . he likes corn and he said it was pretty good . overall , i would go back again , but only with friends . at least for me this locale is not somewhere i would go by myself due to the pricy-ness for mexican food . honestly , it 's more of an american-mexican fusion type of food place . authentic mexican foodies beware ! americanized ethnic foodies go here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like joyride , but please understand you must manage your expectations . this is not the place to get authentic mexican food for cheap . i mean , c'mon , this is gilbert . you should go to carolina 's in central phoenix if you want a delicious tostada for pennies . you go to joyride for the hip atmosphere , the funky decor , and the spiked agua frescas . that being said , i love their mix tape salad ( to which i like to add carne asada ) , and their almond horchata . the chips and salsa are good too , but i would pass on the mexican corn . i think $ 5 for an ear of corn ( no matter how much you dress it up ) is ridiculous . i tried it , and it was okay .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "boy , do i love this place ! my husband and i went on saturday night with another couple and we were blown away . all the tacos were great but the scallop , carne asada , baja and short rib were our favorites . i am still thinking about the mexican street corn the day after . amazing . you would never know that this restaurant has not even been open for a week . ca n't wait to come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time trying this place out the other night . we went with a large group to try out some mexican food . the service was very good . the group was taken care of very well . our glasses were always full and they came around a lot to check in on us . the food was also very good . i tried the carne asada , crispy fish , chicken tiga , and mexican rice . my favorite taco was the carne asada . the other two were good , but this one beat the others out . some other people in our group tried the nachos ( which were huge ) , chicken bowls , and burritos . i heard from them all that it was a pretty great place . is it authentic mexican food ? probably not . none the less , it was very good food . we will be back again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the reason why i am giving only 3 stars is first of all , because every time i go there , we never know who our server is . throughout our lunch , we have maybe 4 to 5 different persons checking on us , which leads to repeated questions . the second reason is because of the prices , they are a little overpriced , must be because it is downtown gilbert , $ 4.5 for a taco is a bit too much . however , the atmosphere and the decoration is very nice , really modern and lots of colors . they have a nice little patio . if you go for lunch , ask about their lunch special , $ 9.75 for 2 tacos and a side ( or half a salad ) !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the fish taco was delish . carne asada was a bit dry . i thought the cucumber fresca would be really refreshing but it tasted like a cleanse juice , which did not bring back good memories . the horchata was way too sweet . the environment was a cool 70 's vibe . all in all it was okay .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "lol ... ... well it hit 100 degrees and all the snowbirds are gone . so now i can go out to eat ! ! good service ... ..water refills were on point tacos were tastey along with great tasting free chips and salsa . had the beast burrito ... ... .it was ok ... ... refried beans in it ... .really ? ? for me ... , refried beans are the opposite of fresh mexican . made it out with a 25.00 bill for two , tip included ... ... .by drinking water . alcohol has become a ridiculous waste of money and their beer , wine and drinks come at a premium . but ... .they do have happy hour prices . if your going to eat and drink ... expect 15.00- 20.00 + bucks a person . its the ultimate hipster hangout so expect music and hip people wearing hip clothing to be buzzing around .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the owners of postino , windsor , and federal pizza have done it again ! the food is great , the staff is friendly , and the ambiance and decor were adorable , colorful , whimsical , comfortable , and stylish with a hint of sophistication . favorites menu items include the street corn , the short rib taco , the baja fish taco , minerva 's mix tape salad ( so refreshing and bright ) , and the banana pudding ( the crust in the bottom is so tasty ) . i also had the bandit , which was kind of like a tamale plate . did n't think this was particularly unusual , but i loved their marinated pork - so good . this mexican latin based food restaurant even has delicious agua frescas ( with or without alcohol ) and its own version of a moscow mule called the mazatlan mule , made with tequila and passion fruit puree . delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's so funny ... . when yelp sees that you 've checked into a place on multiple occasions , it asks `` what keeps you coming back ? '' ... oh i will tell you what keeps us coming back ! their $ 5 margarita happy hours ! ! ! ! ! they have $ 5 until 5 pm every day ( $ 5 margaritas or pitchers of beer ) , then they have taco tuesday ( which then includes an array of $ 2 tacos ) ... . but man , the margaritas are delicious ... the tacos are delicious ... . that 's what keeps me coming back : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a pleasure this place was . felt like i was on vacation waiting to step out to a sandy beach . and the food is genuine . really fresh yummy . the drinks very tasty and flavorful . we ate at the bar and let me tell you we had the most fun in a long time . very friendly setting the servers who are behind the bar you can tell like being there . gives you a sense of i 'm glad i came to eat tacos at joyride . we liked it so much we would have no problem taking out of town guests here . this one is a winner . so it 's all in a name they say and joyride lives up to it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sitting at the bar ... super slow had to practically do jumping jacks to get service sitting at the bar really ? ? .. food way over priced for what it is and was really bad.. carne asada ? ? wtf horrible . cheap beer is the only good thing that 's if you can get a drink from the snooty want to be server bartenders ... i know what ppl have been saying in the gilbert community and its obvious there is no way this is a four star joint ... fake reviews forsure buyer beware .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food is nice . i found the portions to be rather small . the salsa and chips were fresh and tasty . the atmosphere is cute . this is more of a bar with tables , at least it seemed so the friday lunch i ate there . the noise level was way to high for me . a table next to ours complained but i did not notice any change", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i think i 'm gon na have to come back here for a happy hour . i ca n't give it a five , because the tacos just did n't merit a five ... that said , the chips and salsa were spot on , as well as the carne asada quesadilla . i love the ambiance and decor , and the service was really good . in regards to the tacos , the main factor for me is the tortilla . you can tell they were made fresh , but they were dry and a little bland . they were white corn , which was cool , but i think the massa needed a little something . i guess it was just meh - and when your joint is named after something specific , you should try to knock that outta the park . will i go back ? yeah , but i 'm not in a hurry to do so .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really was n't impressed with the size or flavor of the tacos especially for the price . we had the standard , carne asada , and grilled fish and none of them were particularly amazing . loved the atmosphere but unfortunately would n't be back due to the lackluster food . also , it would be nice if they told you taco tuesday does n't start until 2 pm . i called to ask which tacos were included but they did n't bother to mention the time . was pretty perturbed to show up at 1:30 to find we had to pay full price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "salsa ... very flavorful , not the overly roasted or hot ( which i actually prefer ) but oh so good . and the chips complimented the saisa perfectly . we split our lunch options and actually went with two of the servers recommendations . adobada pork tacos -they were good in their own way but pale compared to the crispy fish tacos . crispy fish taco - all kinds of flavor happening here . no need for salsa or any other topping . not the slightest bit fishy either . beast burrito , chili style with green sauce high roller , blood orange margarita oh heck , it was all so good . the atmosphere is neat . the place is busy . the server was knowledgeable . good food and tasty drinks . and i understand a sister company to postino ? it 's a go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't get me wrong , this place is good . if you have not been here , come . they have very good carne asada , and their food is full of flavor . if you want authentic mexican food , do not come here . this is a great blend of authentic and modern . this location had decent service , but it is laid backed and chill like the other location . i can never really understand this concept . i am not a fan of waiting for drinks to be refilled , or having to flag down waiters for service . all in all , we enjoy joyride once or twice a year . worth trying out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice bar , good music , great tacos ! salsa with chips was good . happy hr price of pitcher was great- dos equis- was cold and mug was ice cold . i had the 3 fish taco selection of baja grilled fish , ahi tuna , and crispy fish . they were all excellent - grilled probably the best . orange cucumber salad ordered with tacos was a nice cool off to the spicy salsa . total bill was $ 19 and well worth it . very nice and upbeat atmosphere - but wondering about the open air design when summer rolls around in gilbert with the cow dairies close by ... . you know , flies may be a problem -but i guess they can always shut the windows . nice addition to downtown gilbert ! i will definitely return to joyride !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you need to try these tacos . they are unreal ! they taste organic and home made ! the atmosphere at the restaurant is super chill too . i 'd recommend this place for hanging out with friends or for a business meeting . the staff is unreal too . they are all very happy and willing to help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being right down the street , joyride is a great place to go for a quick , delicious lunch . first time i went , i was pleasantly surprised at the authenticity of the food . the carne asada tacos were cooked perfectly , had great flavor , as did the pork carnitas . their salsa is good ... a little mild -- ask for the hot , you 'll love it . only thing i would recommend is dialing down the music a bit as it 's a little loud if you 're talking biz .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a negative experience here really . i have sent back one plate i think since coming here . i come to joyride at least once a week and always get the 3 tacos with a free side and always have some nachos . having some churro 's with a dark chocolate dipping sauce is also delicious at the end of the meal . it 's a very chill , relaxed place to hangout and have lunch or dinner . every so often i will go in by myself and sit at the bar , have some tacos and just enjoy watching some tv . the staff is always super friendly and the food is extremely consistent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not impressed . too many screaming kids , guacamole was not made on premises , baja fish taco made me deathly ill. bad fish is supposed to be thrown away , not hidden in a taco . waiter thought he could memorize the order , he was mistaken , should 've written it out . needless to say , i wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food is great for vegetarian , dairy gluten free options . fish , vegetables , shrimp and grains , all good stuff . the best horchata in the valley ! the service is a bit touch and go . that being said , i 've been here before with a guest and we were completely ignored after ordering a drink and being seated . we got the drink and were left with our menus for over twenty minutes . we left cash on the table and left completely unnoticed ... this has also happened to me once before on a busy weeknight . i come here at least once a month since dt gilbert is in my neighborhood and i appreciate a place where it 's easy to find foods that i can eat on this menu !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very hip place to be . i love the decor , the music , and just the general ambiance . we seemed to be served by all the servers , who were all friendly . they would all basically come up to us , and ask us how we were doing , and if we had ordered yet . not sure if they were doing this on purpose , or if they were really disorganized that night . ordered the carne asada taco , crispy fish , ahi tuna , and braised beef . i thought 3.5+ for 1 taco was expensive , but surprisingly they were pretty beefy tacos . 3 will leave you satisfied full . they were all delicious and the salsa is quite spicy . my only disappoint is that half of the tacos came out cold , which gives you a harder tortilla and cold meat . they were still good , but could have been better . also ordered churros with chocolate salsa . they were alright , a little doughy , and not thin and crispy enough to my liking . 3 5 would eat here on a rare occasion .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "edit : this place was great when it first opened . i 've ordered food twice lately that was just bad . the first time i thought it was just a bad day for them ... the second time they sent me with a cold to-go order ( i was there early ) with zero flavor and they did n't even add in chips and salsa . when i am paying $ 10+ for a standard taco lunch i expect something pretty phenomenal . this was not it . i wo n't be going back . i 'm only giving joyride 4 stars because of the price . it seems a bit expensive ( if you do n't go on a tues ) for some tacos . with that being said , i 've tried 5 or 6 different flavors and they are all delish . i do n't know that i will drive great distances to go there , but if i 'm in town i 'll definitely eat at joyride ( if i 'm not already at one of the other amazing gilbert restaurants ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'll start off with the horrible seating process which starts off with a 45min wait for no reason . we arrived on a friday night about 7:30pm and had a seat at the bar until a table was ready . as we looked around , there was easily 6 tables and a booth available for patrons . the hostesses just keep chatting amongst themselves and then they 'd call all seven parties at once causing a huge cluster at the front . you 'd think they would keep the flow moving and sit parties as guests leave ? my biggest gripe was that they nickel and dime you for literally everything ! you are limited to one basket of free chips and salsa then you are charged for more- want hotter salsa ... upcharge of $ 3 ! want more red sauce on the burrito you already paid an upcharge on for enchilada style ... $ 3 more ! i was super disappointed with the burrito which was very dry . i 'll admit the black beans and cheese y mas appetizer were amazing though . add in the horrible parking situation and i wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is now our favorite mexican restaurant in gilbert . great ambiance , friendly and helpful service , and delicious food . blood orange margarita and horchata with amaretto were amazing . tacos and quesadilla were flavorful and generous portions . really good choice ! recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been here a few times and the food is really good . the one star is all about the service . i met a few friends here last night and we sat on the patio . drinks and chips were brought out immediately . we placed our food order and then our server quickly walked away . all of our drinks were empty along with a few of our water glasses . once we received our food we again had to track down our server to get another round of drinks , including water . after we finished our meal our dirty plates , along with empty chips bowls sat for another good 30 minutes never being picked up until we asked . they have very good margaritas here and all of us would have enjoyed another one ... .to no avail . became more of a job to try to get our servers attention than it was worth .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you have to check out joyride . what a blast . gilbert has needed an awesome new hang out and craig demarco has done it again . sit at the bar and you will not be disappointed . if you are lucky enough to have chris ( tall and bearded ) as your bartender , you will have the best service in town . the fish tacos are great and the nachos are probably the best item on the menu to share . one again upward projects has provided an awesome restaurant and i ca n't say enough great things about this place and it 's staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in thinking i would give it a shot , i will be back very soon with how great he food and service was .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here on friday afternoon with my friends after just landing in az from ny . we sat outside and braved the arizona heat . our server was very friendly and helpful with recommendations . a total plus was that it happened to be happy hour ! $ 2 tacos and $ 5 pitchers . what 's strange is that a pint of beer is $ 6 but $ 5 for a pitcher during happy hour , so i clearly had to go for the pitcher . i ordered the crispy fish tacos . the breading was delicious but i was n't too keen on the fish used inside . overall a great experience and i definitely recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here enough times to say that this is a perfectly fine place to hang out . the service is great , the restaurant is actually very nicely designed , from what i 've heard the cocktails are pretty delicious , and refills on chips are free . that said , i have never enjoyed the food . i 've had a chimichanga , tamales , and a couple of different side items , all of which i felt either lacked flavor or were more money than they were worth . the cheese and chorizo side is good if you do n't mind spending $ 9 on queso dip , but the beans , tamales , and burritos i 've had have inspired a resounding `` meh '' in me . taking on the moniker of a taco house was an ambitious move in a city like phoenix . if they called themselves `` mod living room with patio , cocktails and chips , '' i would find the branding more honest .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my first time here , we showed up with a group of 12 people on a saturday night and almost got laughed out of the place but all with a great sense of humor . they set up a place for us outside , which was mighty kind of them , and we had a wonderful evening . i hate to give a review based on one evening and i definitely plan to come back soon and really experience the place . from a `` first look '' perspective-the food is fresh and interesting-loved the complimentary smoky salsa-i had bites of several kinds of tacos and enjoyed all of them . the blood orange margarita is tasty but like others have commented-it 's a wee bit of drink for the price . i get the concept and i love it-fabulous ambience-fresh ingredients-unusual flavor profiles , clearly not rubios-this is a destination place . but , that being said , arizonians are used to great mexican that does n't bust the wallet . i 'll be back for a second look !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here once during lunch and once for dinner . dinner time it was pretty crowded with a little bit of a wait , but we were able to sit at the bar and eat there right away . we got a few tacos which were unique and i love the little taco holders . we ordered dessert and i do n't remember what my friend got but it looked delicious but i had the churros and they were excellent . this might make a regular place to eat for me", "score": "5"}
{"review": "place looks awesome , has great music and great waiters . menu is a little pricey . i got the baja fish taco and cochinita pibil taco and they were both amazing ! but small .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing tacos . everything is amazing the food , the atmosphere and the staff . the margaritas selection is huge and flavorful . the tacos are perfect everything you want in a taco . chicken tinga and pork adobada is the best 2 there ! ! ! i will be coming back before i leave arizona . i love this place $ - $ $", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since having a daughter with celiac disease , we are always on the lookout for gluten-free friendly places . all their gf items are marked on the menu , even their tortilla chips are gluten-free , where many restaurants contaminate the chips by frying them in the same fryer used on breaded items . everything we have had here so far was excellent . baja and carnitas tacos rank as my favs . i also think their tortilla soup is outstanding . i do n't do a lot of mixed drinks , but my wife loves the blood-orange margarita . i tasted it . good and strong . the atmosphere is nice , staff is on their game and bathrooms were clean . once it gets cooler , this place will be even better . they can open large doors to two separate patios . maybe even bring in some talented , live local music , like vinyl station .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best taco tuesday ever ! i tried three different tacos , the standard , the crispy fish , and the pork abadobo . all were great ! some spicy , some with crunchy slaw , fresh avocado , and just the right balance of flavors . impressive beer list . i had a deshuttes black butte ; paired nicely with the spicy tacos . service was outstanding ; only waited about 10 minutes for a table for two . packed house . family friendly but great tunes playing as well . heated patios . loved it . ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummy food ! the enchiladas are the best that i have had . margaritas are good but a little pricey . the patio is awesome , spacious and cool , funky decor . service is good , nothing to write home about . go for the enchilada and margaritas for sure ! good chips and guacamole also one of downtown gilbert 's best choices !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have been here a few times . tacos are pretty good ! their beans and rice are great . happy hour beer special is very cheap , $ 5 pitchers of any beer . no reason not to come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first taco 's 5 stars . healthy and flavorful . while i would like more sauce . service 5 stars . beer . 2 stars . kinda warmish wife ordered a rum relaxer . ( recipe online or on any smartphone search ) 1 star . was n't even close . ambiance 5 stars in and out fast . i particularly liked that you do n't get service from only one server anyone walking by helps you out . it results in chips , beer , guac , showing up faster . that alone earned them an ample tip . slight disappointments . beer temperature and taco juiciness .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have amazing vegetarian mexican food . i would call it mexican nouveau rather than authentic mexican . way more interesting than the beans rice cheese places you typically find in the phoenix area . we sat at the bar and the bartenders were very receptive to suggestions and imaginative with the drinks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when we were seated ... .. we waited almost 10 min . for service and they were n't even busy ! ! they did n't bring is chips and salsa until we asked , my husbands water glass was dirty . they are overpriced . did i say they are overpriced ! ? ordered ceviche for 12.95 . surprised at how small the portion was . ordered guacamole and that too was pricy and the portion small . usually appetizers are meant for sharing but for those portions and prices i wo n't order either one again ... ..the drink my hubs ordered was not refillable . we were not told that prior to ordering ... all and all less than stellar experience . sorry to say we wo n't be back . postino is next store so will be going there instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fun atmosphere and the food was great , thanks to the yelper recommendations ! mexican street corn is fantastic , i loved the vegetarian pinto beans , and the crispy fish tacos are awesome ! my friend and i split an appetizer , 4 tacos , and a side of pinto beans . it came out to about $ 12 . worth a try for sure !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after a not so great experience joyride reached out and is making the situation right which i appreciate . we will be giving this place a second chance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "packed and for good reason.. went for taco tuesday and great prices on a variety of tacos ( $ 2 ) and margaritas . best taco is carnitas , best margarita is the pear.. just my humble opinion . great atmosphere and feels a bit like old town scottsdale , except that the bartenders and staff actually give a crap about their patrons . come and see for yourself !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first off , the food was very good and deserves four stars . the problem was the service . the server was constantly forgetting to bring us things we had asked so we had to ask the bussers as they passed by . we understood at first since he was taking care of a large party but after they left , he only had us and still was absent ! having been a restaurant corporate trainer for servers and managed restaurants i tend to be a little more patient than most but this went beyond my patience . i will definitely give them another try since the food was good but hopefully they redeem themselves with their service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best mexican food in the east valley ! we 've taken several friends here , and they have all loved it . awesome veggie tacos , mexican corn on the cob , and super fresh margaritas ! great service and system they have to get people seated & fed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love it ! i ca n't say one negative thing about this place . delicious food , great menu selection , fantastic service , nice ambience , good prices and yummy aguas frescas . i recommend the strawberry with vodka ! you wo n't be disappointed . i could eat here every week and not get tired of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this place ! the restaurant was nice and clean and the decor was really unique ! the food was awesome , i had the crispy fish tacos and 1 veggie taco . the veggie was n't my favorite to be honest but everything else about this place was on point !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not only did they decide to raise their prices they now charge for chips and salsa after the first basket and when ordering 3 tacos you do n't get the side for free anymore , extra $ 1 for the side . subpar sevice on top of it !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is so cute ! love the decor and the staff . patio was great and the food was really fresh and flavorful . the tortillas here are awesome ! i also had the cucumber mint aqua fresca which was really refreshing - perfect for a hot day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "normally i love so cal for fish tacos ! today they were very unprepared for the lunch crowd ! ! never have i waited so long for service ! someone simply stopping by our dirty table , introducing themselves and letting us know it would be a few minutes was obviously too much to ask for . we walked out and walked across the street to joyride taco house where we were greeted with a smile , and impeccable service even though they have a packed house as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when the world ends , i want the the last flavor on my tongue to be the scallop tacos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friends arrived from the east coast and we were all hungry on a friday night . i wanted to take them somewhere nice that is not swarmed with college students . everywhere was closed at this point or not serving drinks . the manager there opened the kitchen just to make us dinner even though it was last eleven . he was really awesome about it . on top of that he gave us a half off discount . not only that but the waitress , waiter , and everyone that worked there was super friendly . i have not had service like this on years . the food was also delicious . love this place ! love their food ! love their service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like sea food this is your thing ! i got shrimp with fries , i would go back for it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joyride 's gilbert location started out strong on the burgeoning downtown gilbert main street as one of the best places for trendy mexicana in the east valley . my first experience there was phenomenal as i was given the full rundown of the menu and even a sample of some of their newer tacos . since then , it has become a regular spot for myself and my gilbert dwelling friends to enjoy an afternoon repast of beer and fish tacos . the atmosphere is great , the wait staff is friendly and attractive , and the music they play never disappoints . i give four stars rather than five however , because over the last year or so , some of their recipes have undergone some changes . to this day there are a few dishes that remain inconstant , and some of my personal favorites like their pulled pork torta have been removed altogether . do n't fix what ai n't broke , joyride !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "where to begin with this place ? located in the heart of downtown gilbert , this place has retro written all over it . everything from the sign to the decor has a mid century modern meets a surf side grub joint style to it . walking in i was really amused with the place so i knew i would be in for a good time . on this visit i only came for some beers and sadly did not get to try any of the food other than the chips and salsa which were quite tasty . the beer selection was pretty decent with a large collection of mexican beers . i was happy they had my favorite which is victoria . although i did not taste , the fish tacos looked pretty scrumptious as well . downtown gilbert is really booming and if you 're looking for a fun festive atmosphere this place is it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "crispy fish tacos and a pitcher of beer on a nice afternoon while sitting on joyride 's patio is complete luxury . also unbelievably priced during happy hour ; best $ 10 i could spend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went on a saturday for an early dinner . service was great , waitress was friendly , we were seated right away . we also moved tables because our location was too loud for me and they had no problem with that . living in phoenix , i feel like we have lots of great food options here and i would say that their food was a bit pricey and tasted good . not great , not awesome , just good and that is fine . the chips and salsa were great ( probably best part ) . we also ordered the fish taco ( husband said that was good ) and the carne asada burrito ( that was ok ) . also got the vanilla custard pudding for dessert ( very interesting , not my fave ) . so , i guess i was expecting awesome since lots of people have eaten there and suggested it to us , but i thought it was average . i do love the ambiance , though and the outdoor seating area is great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i order the chicken and beast burrito to go . food is amazing but the service is n't . they forgot items in my order and when advising them of items missing nothing was done . they told me to come back after driving 30 mins there and 30 mins back . i prob wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we spent our weekly date night at joy ride tacos tonight . our server , gabriel , made our experience great ! his taco recommendations were spot on , and he was fast , friendly and helpful . we will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very impressed with joyride . we had many different tacos ... all of them were awesome . my gf said the fish tacos were fantastic . the salsas that we tried were great and the ambiance was also very nice . we had a very nice server . only tried it once so far but i 'll be going often", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a group of 6 and a baby and we were all impressed by this non-traditional mexican restaurant . with items like squash and goat cheese enchiladas and a dozen different tacos to choose from , each was extremely satisfied with their food . i also thought it was a nice , strong but not-too-sweet marg . loved the decor and kid-friendliness outdoors . the only small complaint was they did n't have a dedicated waitress per table , we kept being helped by different people , so you could say requests were a little slow , but the food came out fast . maybe it was a sunday night thing . ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great tacos . hot looking customers . great atmosphere.the staff went out if their way to please , i even got the phone number of our server ... score !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wowzers ! this place 's food is rock & roll in your mouth . great service and great ambiance . the food is obviously prepared with fresh ingredients and you can tell . the meats they use in their tacos are slow cooked to perfection with love . small portions on the street tacos and higher then expected price point but satisfied nonetheless . my only mark down comes from when we requested some cucumber slices instead of chips for the salsa . the cucumbers they delivered had mold on them . they were very apologetic ; however , it should have been noticed ( appeared the cucumbers came from the bar not the kitchen ) . not to take anything away from their chips as they were really good and salsa outstanding .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came in for a little date night cocktails . sat at the bar for fantastic service and enjoyed our drinks but the best part was the food . deliciousness ahi ceviche , guacamole and perfect chips . finished the night off with el domingo ... a heavenly concoction od vanilla ice cream , caramel , caramelized pineapple and malted corn flakes . oh my ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recommended by friends , first experience was n't great . will try again to compare . service was ok , messed up some orders . seemed to have a good atmosphere . hopefully we caught it on a bad night .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent authentic food ! delicious cucumber margarita ! outdoor seating is part sun and part shade . inside seating is modern retro with good music .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the pleasure is dining at joyride . we decided to take a bike ride into town for dinner . love the open air restaurant . we chose 3 different types of tacos . the standard , the beef and the shrimp . the shrimp was my favorite the other were delicious . for desert we had the el domingo . a unique dessert ! ! it was great . to top off our evening when we got to out bikes there was a coupon thanking us for riding in and we now can go back for 3 free tacos . what a great perk ! ! it was worth the 6 miles we rode and the extra perk made our night even better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will always love this place . it is hard to find a good veggie taco , believe it or not . the veggie tacos at joyride are amazing ! they also have a fantastic drink selection and their margaritas are to die for ! the only downside is this place is always busy ! sometimes the wait is 35-40 minutes for 2 people . i try and sneak in the bar as much as possible to avoid the wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food great service ! ! the crispy fish taco , hands down the best fish taco i 've had to date ! ! ! also the cucumber mint with sapphire gin is amazing . if you are ever at the bar kyle is your go to bartender ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really beautiful environment , laid back with a little pop of color but not overwhelming to the eye ... and more importantly , the food ! how do you beat $ 2 tacos on happy hour and $ 5 margaritas ? you do n't . the crispy fish taco was amazing , it did n't have fish that was falling apart and the crispy exterior was just as satisfying as a bag of your favorite chips . enchiladas had great flavor and everything from the meats to the tortillas were the exact texture that you look for in the two . meats were n't too tough and neither were the tortillas . our server francisco was wonderful as well , great attitude , upbeat , kept it light and easy , and dished out subtle but amusing remarks . will definitely be coming back . love the food , love the ambiance , and love the service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the tacos are tiny , but they get you full really fast , excellent service and very nice staff , taylor was our waitress she was very nice and helpful , she was explaining the menu , and was very excited to serve us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had lunch at joyride after working a booth at the gilbert art walk . awesome food but staff was just wonderful . i think we met everyone . there was a minor ( very minor ) issue and everyone went so far out of their way to make up , it was very generous . our drinks were never empty and again the food was just awesome . thank you all so much for helping us artist wind down and celebrate a successful day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ate lunch at your restaurant today . the food was good but the service was terrible . we left the office to have lunch and sat at the table almost 45 minutes waiting for our food . refills on a drink and or water took incredibly long after the server said he would refill our drinks . very expensive too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "off work an hour early and want to hang out ? hip little open-air mexican joint , is a solid choice . clean , fun , patio vibe with great beer pitcher prices and good beer on tap . if you 're going for just food , you can do a lot better . if you 're intent is to unwind and graze , very solid choice . did i mention their happy hour beer prices are awesome ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are an actual latino . then this is not the place for you . its a nice place and the way the food is made looks good but there is no taste to it . my girlfriend and i went here because we heard it was good . the chips and salsa are good but the food was disgusting . i ordered chilaquiles and my girlfriend ordered inchiladas . they both looked amazing when they were brought up to the table so i can tell we have a good professional chef in the kitchen but when we went to eating the food there was no flavor what so ever . the only flavor was the green sauce covering it . the people seemed nice but there was one waiter that was very rude and made a mess as he kept filling our waters . not professional at all . as i said if you are a latino looking for some real mexican food then this is the wrong place for you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place ... food is always great , and the atmosphere is fun and casual . come in between 2-5 if you can . they have $ 2 tacos and $ 5 pitchers . great way to end the week ! service is always friendly , and remains consistently good , even through the apparently high turnover of the staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has better tacos than its neighbor barrio queen . i recommend `` the standard '' , just a solid taco , yummy . bartenders were nice . kind of small dining area so if you 're claustrophobic , it may be a turn off . it 's also always super packed and busy . only been here once so i will update with future visits .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely delicious ! ! we were first timers today and we were very pleased with the food . i had a carne asada , pork , and chicken taco and i am stuffed , so good . i recommend it to anyone ! ! go on taco tuesday or during happy hour when the tacos are cheaper ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is probably my favorite happy hour location in gilbert - you ca n't beat the specials . $ 5 pitchers of beer , $ 5 margaritas , $ 5 agua frescas ( before 5pm ) . plus , they have taco tuesdays . the place gets busy for sure , but the staff has been great every time i 've been in . the outdoor patio is spacious ( and dog friendly ! ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had really high hopes for this place . the service was super slow and took quite a while to get our food and it was n't that busy . i had the carne asada , baja and crispy fish taco . the crispy fish taco was actually pretty good , but the other two just did n't taste good at all . they pretty much lacked flavor and had no substance . the tortilla was also pretty bland . i ca n't really recommend coming here if your a big taco fan .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's meh . i 'm not a huge fan of the tortillas they use for their tacos . the meats are so-so . i 'd rather hit my local taco shop to avoid the wait and the prices here . the margaritas were very good and compensated for the lack luster food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "number one happy hour spot in gilbert , no contest ! there are quite a few drink choices on sale as well as tacos . we loved the assortment of salsas available as well . this is a great place to go on a spring day when they have the huge windows open .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joyride was a joyride . finally made it in after being on my radar for a few weeks . quite possibly the best tacos i 've ever had ( carne asada , baja fish , and short rib ) . not sure if the 2 star reviewers are on crack , but these tacos were muy delicioso and service was definitely top notch . i ca n't wait to be able to sit outside in their lawn area with some tacos and brewskies without melting away .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the grand opening week was the first time we visited - tacos with a minuscule amount of meat - but things have much improved . i 'll chalk it up to the loads of trendy skinny -jean wearers trying to be as cool as we are . now that it 's filled with normal citizens , the food is much improved and they do have a nice draft beer assortment along with some wine for my wife . it 's nice to dance between postino next door and here so you can mix it up depending on what you are craving . very cool decor inside and a nice big bar .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "atmosphere is great , good music , friendly and very attentive staff . our waitress was always right there to refill our drinks when they got low . over all great customer service . i believe something i ate there was either bad or i had a reaction because the whole next day i was puking ... however i ca n't fully blame them cus i ate other things that day too . would try again", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good , but not great . my experience was similar to that of other yelpers . - cool atmosphere - condiments were the star more so than the actual food . excellent salsa - drinks were delicious , but mostly ice", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came here once before , had the nachos and , meh , had better . but decided to give it another try . thursday , 5:00 , there were plenty of people but not extremely busy . it was pretty clear that the waitress was new , but she was pleasant and smiled , she just needs more practice . we had tacos . luv ... the shredded beef and the crunchy fish . so good , lots of flavor . so much better than queen barrio we tried several weeks ago . just thinking about this , i am ready to go back for some more tacos .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went twice and had okay-poor experiences both times and have n't been back . both times the hostesses seemed generally uninterested and could n't even manage a smile . both times the service at the bar was slow , i get it when the bar is busy but you have to acknowledge a customer when they arrive at the bar ; ie , `` i see you , i 'll be right with you '' . the food was okay , the fish and shrimp tacos were good , the chicken tacos had no flavor and everything is pretty pricey for what you get . i did not like their signature drinks ( maybe it 's just my taste ) they were very sweet and had the consistency of pur\u00e9ed fruit .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "took the girlfriend here for dinner last night , we had been here one time prior . still an amazing experience , the wait staff is great and super friendly and the food ... well the food is outstanding ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were seated promptly . the menu was simple and easy to read . prices ... some were slightly pricey . we liked the ambience . retro fun ! ^_^ service was prompt , and those who helped us seemed knowledgeable of their offerings . we ordered tacos and chimis . oh and salad as well . we liked the fact that it 's not processed . however , it seems to lack flavour . it 's either salty , spicey , or tangy . their chips were yummy , and like the fact that darth vader kept us company ! lol give this spot a go ! ^_^", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went for taco tuesday , left super satisfied . some of the best tacos i 've ever had for $ 2 each ! i ended up ordering 3 , then 4 more to go ! the carne asada is some of the best i 've had , and that 's saying a lot living in az . i totally recommend that and the crispy fish ! service and atmosphere was also great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joyride is hit or miss for me . the fish taco 's were great , but i do n't think i would go out of my way to go here . there is nothing wrong with it , and most of the food was good , but the portions are kind of weak .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "was a little turned off by the snobby hipster waiter serving us drinks while we were waiting an hour for a table but a friendly young lady helped , and ultimately the wait staff and food made up for the bad wait . the drinks were refreshing and different , we had a mix of quesadillas and guacamole appetizers , both delicious and the fish and carne asada tacos were delicious and filling . my next visit will be earlier to cash in on the happy hour specials , i will be back for sure ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "joyride makes up for some inconsistency in flavor profiles with a super cool ambience , friendly and capable service , and reasonable pricing . some of the tacos we ordered were well-seasoned and flavorful , and others slightly bland - the shrimp could have been fresher . the nachos were to die for , but the side of pinto beans was heavily over salted . the setup is open with a hip and inviting color scheme that speaks to the casual and laid-back vibe . there is a sizable bar with interesting drinks ( aguas frescas ) which are all spike-able . the hostess was probably the friendliest person i 've ever met and servers were definitely capable and friendly . a little more work on food consistency and this place would easily earn a 5-star rating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really love the experience at joyride ! the atmosphere is very fun , the decor is colorful and trendy , and there is a lot of patio seating ! i 'm a huge fan of their drinks , especially those on the $ 5 happy hour menu , and their tacos are pretty delicious too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't go unless you are ready to wait for no one to know you are there . extremely slow serving , i had 5-10 people walk by us before we had to ask to get a drink . then 15-20min later , we had to ask about getting a food order in . we sat at the bar . the place itself is a great looker , but the service is what 's going to keep me away . will not try this over priced taco house again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really love the decor & the feel of this restaurant ! the servers are all pretty nice too ! i wish i knew the name of the server who took care of our big group of 23 people- she was awesome ! i had the lola grain salad ( it may seem crazy that i had salad at a taco place ) . it was delicious ! one of the best salads i 've ever had really ! it tastes healthy & full of flavor ! ( i had it without the bell pepper ! ) i 've tried a couple of the tacos- they are a little too `` different '' for my taste , but they are n't bad- just not for me . i had the mango-mandarin margarita & it was very tasty ! many people love the prickly pear margarita , they are bright pink & really attractive for a cocktail ! i highly recommend the salad , chips & salsa & drinks here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm giving this place 4 stars for fixing their error . i 'm highly allergic to avocado . i asked to ensure it was removed , but the kitchen put guacamole on my tacos . i let the waitress know ( i always double check because of how bad my allergy is ) and they sprang into action . they made me new tacos , took them off our bill , offered me dessert on the house , and gave me coupons for discounted tacos in the next visit . the food was very good and the atmosphere is very trendy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really good ! shrimp tacos are great but really pricey ... highly recommend going during happy hour . other wise your paying a lot for a little bit of food . updating my review : we have gone back a couple of times since this review and me and my husband really enjoy sitting up at the bar , watching a game and munching on that delicious bowl of chips and salsa . the staff is super friendly and is starting to become one of our favorites downtown . but still we try to only go at happy hour , otherwise its really pricey .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were looking for a tasty mexican restaurant and saw favorable reviews for joyride . we were not disappointed . located in the heart of old town gilbert , joyride is nestled between two other restaurants . we sat outside on a relatively cool day but were kept warm by the fireplace and space heaters . the salsa is outstanding with a kick and the cadillac margarita delicious . we had a variety of tacos which are served on outstanding corn tortillas . wonderful flavored . impeccable , attentive service ; we were brought more salsa without having to ask and were asked if we wanted more chips . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food and atmosphere . server , bailey , was one of the worst servers i have had while eating out . never felt welcome from the start , it was our first time at this restaurant . difficult for our server to even crack a smile , she actually seemed irritated when i asked for a refill on the salsa ; barely any in the dish the first time around . chips that were brought to the table were completely broken . after the first 10 chips , we nibbled on quarter sized corn chips until the meals arrived . do we want another round of drinks ? hell , no ! the check please . so , she takes the basket full of broken chips that we were still nibbling on , while waiting to pay . a sad experience . friendlier and more courteous service at in n out burger , but they do n't serve drinks and tacos . followup : the general manager did reach out through yelp to make it right and take corrective action . i declined contact , my key points are covered above .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love joyride taco house ! the service is always friendly and attentive . the decor is fun and contemporary . best of all , the food is consistently delicious . i love the roasted veggies , the mexican street corn , all the amazing tacos ( especially the two kinds of fish tacos ) , the tamales , the burritos and black beans . and , oh my , the hot homemade churro 's served with slightly spicy warm chocolate sauce for dipping ! joyride is our go-to place for special events . there can be a long wait ( wish they had call ahead ! ) and it can be somewhat noisy inside . but this restaurant is well worth it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no biggie , just the best street taco 's north of the border . sides were great , service was great waiter was dry and slightly snobby . what else do you want . it was loud and super cool . this place is a `` must go to '' for all of your out of down guests . they do n't have a place like this in des moines iowa .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "still working out the bugs ? ? ? undercooked rice , small tacos for the price ... .not sure this place will last ... .we wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "well any place in phx that serves mojitos wins points with me . we ordered a range of tacos and they were ok..nothing spectacular . we actually liked the appetizers better . the ahi stack was my favorite part of the meal..if i go back i 'll probably just get that an a salad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "since our first visit to joyride taco house on july 7th we have been there numerous times . we are huge fans of upward projects restaurants . it 's one of those restaurants where you just like `` being '' there . great music , great service , yummy food and do n't get me started on the mazatlan mules-hands down my favorite current drink ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place . downtown gilbert has really needed a place that can make a good cocktail . the mazaltan mule and pineapple mojito are especially delicious . the food has been excellent . wonderful tacos filled with very fresh fish or tender meat . the rotisserie chicken is a very nice take on a classic american dinner . the staff is one of the shining points of this restaurant . all the bartenders are more than happy to serve up exotic libations with a smile . joyride is a very welcome addition to downtown .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my best friend and i recently went here a couple of weeks ago . it was the absolute most amazing tacos i 've ever had . i might be over selling a tad bit , but this definitely a place you want to try out , their tacos are seriously great tasting . i 'd love to come back soon and try out the burrito next , my friend said their burrito was amazing . unfortunately i ca n't remember the name of it . please check out this place , it 's amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love love love the ambiance of the restaurant . it is fun and funky , great youth for gilbert ! the margaritas are great and you ca n't really mess up chips and salsa ! having worked in restaurants for 6 years , i have probably sent food back less than 5 times in my life . joyride would be one of those times . very bland carne asada . management was great in offering me something else and giving me coupons for my next visit - i really appreciate the customer service . so basically , i will go back , but i will stick to drinks and apps : )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had to wait a longgggggg time to get seated . then a long time to get menus and a long time to get our food . my husband 's burrito was good but mine was just mediocre . the music was super loud and i left with ringing in my ears . probably wo n't go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wife said she wanted to try gilbert 's joyride taco house . `` taco house , '' i said ? `` meh . '' but holy moly was i wrong . this place is fantastic . we had the chicken and carnita nachos , carne asada tacos , roasted veggies , and finished off the meal with a mo 's definitely dessert . everything was delicious and so unique from the other mexican taco shops in town . very relaxed place to dine and the service was excellent . we sat outdoors on the patio and they did not try to get us to move along but let us take as much time as we wanted to enjoy the evening . taylor was our waitress and was so pleasant and helpful that we wanted to adopt her . anyhow , we will be back for more tacos and are eager to try the other menu temptations . our only regret is it took us so long to finally stop in and try the place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the first fox restaurants we visited when we came to the area . it never disappoints . you can always expect there to be a little bit of a wait , however , nothing that some visits to the bartender ca n't help with . you ca n't go wrong with any of the tacos and definitely ask for the mango habanero salsa on the side for your chips . the mexican street corn is the bomb and the service is too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love this place . we went on a sunday afternoon and were able to take advantage of the happy hour that runs till 5pm all day every day . the guys stuck with the pitchers of beer , while us girls tried out a few of the `` coctels '' and `` agua frescas '' my favorite was the mazatlan mule . we started with the nachos and found them to be amazing . ordinary nachos just will not do it for me ever again . it was hard to decide on what tacos to order , they all sounded great , and no one was disappointed in what was placed before us . the carnitas , short rib and shrimp were among the favorites . and do n't forget to order a few sides ... .among the best were the mexican street corn and the heirloom anasazi beans we can not wait for much cooler weather so we can enjoy the great outdoor seating they have so run to joyride taco house if you are in the area ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for dinner and the choices for someone on diet restrictions is terrible . normally i can adjust something to fit what i am looking for . i ordered chicken burrito but placed in a bowl and asked if i could have lettuce and no rice to make more of a salad . all the salads had grains and i am trying to stay low-carb . i even mentioned this to the waitress and there was not problem . my meal came very little lettuce a lot of corn and very little chicken . i ate the chicken out of the bowl and when the waitress came back and saw my bowl pushed away instead of asking it there was a problem or anything she just asked if i was done . the taste of the food was nothing to right home about chicken well just chicken . i can say overall experience was not good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good ! tacos were a nice new type of flavor i have n't had before . cool and interesting decor . recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "today i tried joyride taco house for the first time . there was a lot of rave and talk about this place , so i have been wanting to try it . it is usually really crowded , so i never want to wait , but since today was easter , there was no wait . i read a lot of reviews about the service not being good , but all of the staff , waiters and waitresses were nice to us . i got a carne asada taco and the standard taco . they were both pretty good , but i think the carne asada taco was better than the standard taco . the tacos were both $ 3.75 , but on tuesdays they are $ 2 . you get complementary chips , salsa and water right away before you even have time to look at one thing on the menu . they were quick with that which i liked . the restaurant is pretty hipstery and cool . i like the feel . i would recommend this place to other people .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my favorite restaurant ! excellent food . awesome drinks . fun environment . i 've had many of the tacos and they 're all good , but i highly recommend he braised beef and carne asada . and , they 're cucumber orange salad is ah-ma-zing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here last night with some friends . we were seated quickly on a saturday night . got our drinks , and chips . the chips were thick , and not my favorite style , but the salsa was great flavor . we also ordered the habanaro salsa- it was spicy , but not too bad . my blood orange margarita was n't very good . tasted like a mix . i ordered a fish taco , and a salad with walnuts , goat cheese , yellow beets , and a great cumin vinaigrette . the salad was wonderful ! ! i could eat it all day ! ! the taco was good , but super small , and it had a weird mix of corn and flour tortilla consistency . the fish had good fresh flavor too . my friends each picked 3 tacos . they were done , and waiting on me to finish my salad . if you are a big eater , get 6 or 7 tacos , or an entree . very expensive too . my margarita , salad and taco was $ 31 with tip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "consistently a favorite for its awesome food , relaxed and fun decor , great energy and fantastic service ! i avoid the downtown area in general during peak times , but always sneak into joyride midweek for an early dinner that never , ever disappoints !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love joyride ! the tacos are amazing , the queso is awesome , the tea is magnificient ! i even like the cucumber orange salad and i do n't usually eat any types of salads ! the service has always been great when i 've been there . even when the person i was with sent something back . they took care of it and the manager came over to check that everything was better when the alternate taco came out . the lunch special is pretty great too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great chips and salsa , nachos , and guac . tacos are mediocre . do n't get the tuna tacos , they are not good . crispy tacos are good . i fear this place wo n't last long unless they just pick up the overflow from the other busy restaurants . i expected more from the postinos owned restaurant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place . good service , tasty food and a fun atmosphere . the drinks are amazeballs ... omg . plus $ 5 for a pitcher of delicious brew before 5 pm makes this my go to weekend lunch spot . salsa 's have a lot a flavor and good heat and the tacos are delicious . i was not impressed with the chicken tinga , it was just ok , the fish taco 's are wonderful and the tortillas are handmade . the tortilla soup is really tasty as well , it can be a little to thick , but has great flavor . you have to order the cheese y mas ... oh buddy . i could eat that all day erry day ! overall , you should go here - belly up to the bar , the bartenders are fun and the service is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thought overall it was an expensive meal for mexican and have had better for sure . the margaritas overall are average , but expensive at $ 9 a piece . better off with the pitchers of beer as those are cheaper . ordered the rockfish ceviche for an appetizer , which was nice and fresh tasting . i have never been to a mexican restaurant before where chips and salsa were not free of charge . not at this place and would not pay extra for salsa . got the beast burrito , which the meat was flavored well , but with no typical sides was kind of disappointing . too much hype for a new restaurant . think you are just paying for the ambience . in my book , mexican should not be an expensive experience . by the way , i like how yelp filtered this review even though it is real . i 've had this happen before when writing negative reviews for places . no doubt i ate there yesterday at the restaurant !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was by far the best fish tacos i have ever had . i have been to a variety of places in florida and hawaii and california , with some killer fish tacos . these rank right up there . i thought only two tacos for sure i wont be full and will want more . i was pleasantly surprised on how full i was . their pitchers of beer were very reasonable 7 dollars for premium mexican lager . omg the churros were amazing ! must get for dessert no matter how full you are . very fresh overall !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small and causal . tacos are good . they have a liquor license . it gives you the sense of a fast food place because it 's so small but you get a server .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "funky decor ; friendly , fast service . like the casual atmosphere & open , airy dining room which is great on a nice day . great salsa . if you 're looking for untraditional flavors this is the place to go . we ordered carne tacos , quesadilla and chicken salad . carne was sweet , which was interesting . chicken was n't all that great - i would almost score this place a 4 but chicken ruined it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great spot to hang out with friends and catch up on a saturday night . the aguas frescas ( with and without alcohol ) were delicious , also making it a great place for drinkers and not drinkers alike . we followed the suggested mixings ( ie gin and citrus agua fresca ) , and they were dead on . the band was fun and loud but not too loud . we had the ahi stack , which tasted very fresh . and the chips were perfect . would love to go back . seemed much more chill and fun than the place ( postinos ) next door .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what is not to rant & rave about this place ? you have got to try it ! so last night the lady and i decided to try this place . we tried to make the happy hour but just missed it by about 20 minutes ( fyi , hh is all day until 5pm ) . not so bummed b c the prices were reasonable especially when you factor the outstanding service and the fresh ingredients . made to order corn tortillas for your tacos ! it wo n't get any fresher unless you grind the corn at your table . we had the fish tacos ... unbelievable ! we usually rate a place by their nachos but already have a new fav place . its a mix of people who dine in there retro-ish looking place , low music ( which is nice for conversation ) . ca n't wait to go back and try other items like their nachos , aqua fresca and melt your face salsa ! see you there", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the people that brought you postino 's , federal pizza , chelsea 's kitchen have done it again ! we went on a sunday at noon . we had excellent service with numerous servers checking on us throughout the meal . i 'm a new yorker , husband is a londoner and we really get crazed when the service is n't good and this was not the case ! service was top notch ! the tacos were terrific . i had grilled shrimp , baja fish and ahi tuna and loved them and i 'm not even a mexican food lover . hubby had carne asada , shredded beef and i think chicken tinja and he thought everything was delicious . the music was great - cat stevens to prince to sting and not too loud like federal pizza . the interior is a well designed cool urban space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "eh , food was really expensive . it was okay food , the carne asada was good but still it was all a bit too pricey . short and sweet- service was garbage . might have over looked the price but could n't with the slow service . i did like the music though . probably wo n't go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . insanely good tacos ( try the crispy fish ) , unbelievable service and incredible atmosphere . hopefully your server is taylor because she rocks and is spot on with recommendations for drinks , entrees and dessert . awesome place . ca n't wait to come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their tacos are really good but expensive so try to catch happy hour or during lunch and you can get 2 tacos and a salad for $ 10 . the salads are unique and refreshing , and i love how they put a good amount of avocado on almost everything ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a very fun place . we sat at the bar and were served immediately . this is americanized version of mexican food that uses fresh ingredients and crafty presentations . the restaurant design is modern and hip . our salad and burrito were delicious . cool hangout or date spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yummy tacos & spiked aguas fresca ! it stays open til midnight on weekends which is very convenient since nearly all of gilbert is usually closed by 10pm . i am a huge fan of all of upward projects restaurants and the area of dt gilbert so this is a plus in my book ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "joyride never disappoints ! i always get the standard tacos , but i 've had pretty much everything here and it 's all delicious . you could order anything on the menu and end up a happy camper . the atmosphere is super chill and bright . it 's definitely a tight squeeze , but i 've never felt claustrophobic or squished . it 's like a cozy little family in there ! the patio outdoor eating area is beautiful during the winter months and is a great hot spot during happy hour . pro tip - i ( obviously ) recommend the standard . plus , if you buy 3 tacos , you get a free side-dish , which i love . their blood orange mule is pretty awesome too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this place ! my husband got a steak quesadilla which was fresh and the meat was juicy , tender and flavored perfectly . i was n't very hungry but wanted to try a taco so i went with the crispy fish , so glad i did . it was really good . the restaurant was pretty packed and the workers were all busy but the service was fantastic . ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joyride is so deliciously hip ! although it 's not your typical authentic mexican food restaurant , the creativity of the menu makes up for it ... ..oh ! and the happy hour menu is everything ! the 'cheese y mas ' is a must ! very cheesy , topped with chorizo and paired with homemade chips ... ... yummmn ! i also ordered three tacos : chicken tinga , carnitas and pork adobada . noo regrets ! the meat was flavorful and very delicious ! if you happen to be in the mood for a drink or two , try their 'prickly pear margarita ' ... super tasty ! it compliments anything on the menu . as far as service , tony was amazing . his taste buds were on point , everything he recommended was delicious ! he was also very attentive and friendly as well as everyone else who serviced us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was awesome ! exceeded my expectations ! i had 3 tacos and wish i would have tried the fish taco but figured the 3 would have been plenty . plus going on $ 2 taco tuesday night even topped my first visit here ! i also tried some of the nachos that my friend ordered and it was very yummy , as well as the 3 tacos that i ordered . the chips and salsa were also great ! the waitress was very welcoming and the service was above and beyond ! at the end of our meal my friends and i were debating getting dessert , and the waitress paid for our dessert since it was our first time there , how awesome ! i will definitely be going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what 's the big deal about this place ? food was good but the atmosphere was moderate the service horrible and the prices were a little steep .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love upward projects , but unfortunately , i was not wowed by this place . my friends and i came here for margaritas and tacos on a sunny saturday afternoon . the guacamole was delicious , but the portion was so small compared to the high price tag . i ordered the crispy fish tacos and the fish was dry dry dry . i think they over fried it because it was really tough . i also ordered a side of the street corn . that was very delicious , but the corn was not cook throughout . i will give it one more chance before nixing it . i do however love their $ 5 drinks before 5pm . : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so glad that there is a great urban vibe with great food coming to the east valley . this type of eating is a first of its kind , and if you love tacos and want to eat at one of the coolest ( meaning reddest , most hip , not referring to temperatures ) places in the valley , then stop here . oh . the tacos are amazing as well . i ca n't remember what the waitress said , but i think it 's owned by some famous chef . speaking of waitresses . you 'll have multiple ones . they all just stop at your table and make sure you 're taken care of . awesome concept .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had heard a lot of buz about this place and the food was just okay . i has the carne asada and was terribly disappointed . i 've had a lot of carne asadas in my time and never has been so fatty . the reason for the 4 rating is because of the staff . my waitress dee was awesome and informative and very accommodating . i will try again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just easily had the best lunch i 've ever eaten ! it was that good ! the chicken tortilla soup was out of this world ... light and delicate ... fresh and hot ! ! ! i had two fish tacos with no tortilla . one was a regular fish taco and the other was a beer battered fish taco.l the fire roasted salsa was easily the best salsa i have ever had , too ! this place is a serious gem ! i could go there every single day ! thanks guys ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh my gosh i missed out on joyride the past years it 's been open but went last night and was so impressed . the beast burrito chimichanga style was amazing . joyride 's carne asada is the best carne asada i 've had and i 've had a lot of carne asada", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent ambiance , not so flavorful meats . definitely a place to go for happy hour , but not tacos . and not the grilled corn . no good . sorry guys .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love the music , food , service , and food ... the food is amazing . i would also suggest only four frescas ... 5 was too many ; ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off , you need to know that friday and saturday nights are busy so you need to be prepared for a wait . also , the environment on these nights is festive and loud . personally i do n't think it 's a good place for group events . the quality of the food was high . the carne asada , salsas , house made tortillas etc . were all very tasty . we were both impressed that when an error was made and someone took a special ordered item to the wrong table , thus causing a meal to be deliver late , they were obviously very concerned . we had 3 people come to the table to apologize and the manager ( i believe ) came by to tell us that they 'd taken that item off our bill ( without us complaining or asking for it ) . that obvious concern and care for patrons goes a long way . the food alone is worth coming here for . the obvious pride of ownership and care for customers makes them even more impressive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ... a friend introduced me and it is now my go to place . yummy and great drinks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stumbled in here on a work trip and i am glad i did . i had tacos and beer only . tacos were so good i had 6 ! to make it better it was taco tuesday so 2 beers and 6 good tacos only $ 20 . ill come back for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ended up walking here because postino 's next door had a 45 minute wait on a sunday afternoon . and boy , am i glad we did . we ordered the chicken nachos , 3 different tacos . my favorite was the braised beef taco . to drink we had their blood orange margarita , which was phenomenal . only downside is that i could n't ell who worked there and who did n't . the waiters do not use uniforms or even the same colors . i think the manager was our waiter and he had a batman shirt on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "busy lunch spot , parking was the biggest challenge . once inside we opted for the bar . wow , the drinks are amazing . chips and salsa can easily fill you while you are waiting to place your order . good thing they were fast with the drinks . we all had tacos , nothing special . the drinks however , wow . get the prickly pear , yum .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love the tacos here but its really annoying that they charge for chips and salsa . they give you a super small bit of salsa and a huge bowl of chips but if you want more of either you have to pay . the servers are pretty nice too . i would not go here for anything other than taco tuesday . i went with four people and the bill was 60 dollars ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we ended up here after the place next door had an hour wait . they sold us on their $ 5 drinks but ended up staying for lunch . i got the chicken burrito which looked unassuming but was full of flavor and huge . my wife got the kale salad and it was awesome . we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "round 2 this time for dinner . realizing all these local gilbert restaurants do not take reservations is a huge turn off for us . 6:30 , and it was a 45 minute wait for a party of 2 and honestly the managing of the table space is ridiculous ... sitting 2 people in a huge booth for easily 6 . badly designed , bad seating management . the food as i had reviewed before was really good , service was excellent . the $ 8 citrus vodka was so weak ( not worth the calories ) . the basic margaritas were excellent . we had the guacamole and chips , 3 taco platter with a side , and the beast burritos w no sauce . if we came again for dinner i would either advice eating earlier ( then i feel like an early bird `` snow bird '' ) or coming late late .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went for the first time today after constantly driving by . first impression was that it was too dark , i had to shine my phone onto the menu to be able to read it . then the real issues started with the service being the biggest one . took a good twenty minutes to order and then an eternity to get my tacos . they were okay , nothing great though . server came by one to all if o wanted a refill however never brought it out . between the mediocre food and terrible service i do n't think i 'll go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! ! the food is outstanding ! everything my wife and i had was wonderful and full of flavor . the beast burrito is a true `` beast '' so bring your appetite for that one . drinks are new and very good . let them help you pick a good one . the atmosphere was great and they play some really good tunes . of course you have to like old hair bands to dig the tunes . we will be back to this place again and again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "of course this place opens when i move back to california . where was this place during the four years i lived here ? ! where to start . . . ambviance- 5 stars . comfy booths . great vibes . fun place to come with your friends . food- 5 stars . the menu is super fun . it is full of delicious drinks , both alcoholic and non-alcoholic . they have a large selection of juices including cucumber and horchata . i was in love with my almond and cinnamon horchata . you ca n't go wrong with their guacamole . their tacos were awesome . i personally loved the shrimp taco best . prices- 5 starts . prices range around $ 3 taco . amazing deal ! overall , i love this place and will return every chance i get .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very casual and laid back place downtown gilbert with great margaritas and tacos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trendy taco place in the heart of gilbert downtown . we went there on fri night at 8pm and had to wait 50mins before we got the table . while we waited we sipped on their margaritas and horchatas . i loved the cucumber serrano pepper margarita , i was made just perfect for my taste . almond horchata was too cinnamony though . the highlight of the food was their mexican street corn . fantabulous ! ! ! tacos were good but nothing extraordinary . crispy fish taco and chicken tinga were the best amongst the ones we tried . must go place for their mexican street corn and margaritas i would say .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came in later for drinks and dessert . 10pm-ish . they prepared my fianc\u00e9 's whiskey perfectly . i had the horchata w o alcohol . good horchata ! i tried the churros . they were excellent ! not greasy at all ! someone knows how to fry ! they had a perfect amount of cinnamon and sugar . the chocolate dipping sauce was good i think i would have preferred a vanilla cream custard to dip them in though . great vibe , good music . felt like i was in another town . i love the atmosphere there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we really enjoyed brunch here last sunday . the food was good , we really enjoyed the tortilla chips with ceviche . the drinks were fresh and tasty . i would highly recommend trying joy ride if you have not yet checked them out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kept seeing friends posting pictures from here so figured it would be worth a shot . the cocktails were refreshing and unique . my favorite was the agua fresca cucumber with vodka . the tacos were great too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "met a good friend here for lunch today . really outstanding service ! chips were light & served with a nice tomatillo salsa . i ordered three tacos : the standard ( chicken , guac & a mild aji amarillo ) , the crispy fish ( beer-battered fish & slaw ) , and the shrimp . so.good ! with three tacos , you get a side , and we both got the orange-cucumber salad -- cukes sliced on the diagonal with pepitas . the food enhanced the company , which is always nice . and the restaurant provided a great vantage point to watch a very fast dust storm move in ! will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for starters , the place has a lovely atmosphere . we came in on a saturday afternoon . they had the large roll up doors open , which allowed a nice breeze in , great way to enjoy a nice day . the service was quite slow . friendly , but a bit inattentive . the complimentary chips were good , with salsa that actually had a nice kick to it . now for the main foods ... i ordered the fila salad . very fresh ingredients and nice presentation . salads are about $ 10 a pop , then an extra $ 3 to add meat . it was good , but nothing to rave about . for $ 13.50 i just was n't that impressed . bf ordered the beast burrito , chimi style , with shredded beef . it was surprisingly bland .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "over priced food and drinks . noisy atmosphere , and they are always trying to upsell you to buy more appetizers , drinks , etc . unique food and drinks but nothing really that great . wo n't be back . perhaps it 'll improve over time as i like the concept .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place was awesome you dont see these kinds of places in philly and with cheap prices . food was so good and the service was exceptional . she was really nice and energetic and made me feel really comfortable : ) i am only in az for one more week and i def have to come back before i leave .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was scrumptious ! i cant wait to be back in gilbert so i can experience their super tasty food . the drinks were decent , our whole party of 5 ordered the fresh pressed juice ( agua frescas ) . i ordered the cucumber mint which was different , and kinda dangerous in that i could n't even taste the vodka that i ordered it with ! i would love to try another flavor next visit . the chips were good and salsa was fresh . the food was great ! my friend ordered the fish tacos , i ordered the veggie burrito ( which was a tad salty , but still very good ) and my husband ordered the beef burrito . the portions were very generous . we went during happy hour , so 2 drinks and 2 burritos ( for my husband and i ) came out to $ 24 ! super affordable ! cant wait to come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joyride is a bad restaurant to go to because the music is far too loud . also their margaritas are of very low quality , using only the cheapest possible ingredients . i do n't know why they need a bartender because they serve what could be a store bought margarita mix . the cost of two margaritas and a diet pepsi was $ 22 . also , joyride as no blender , so all they make is margaritas on the rocks . why they would not have a blender is totally illogical . the waiter actually said , `` it we would be great if we had a blender . '' joyride is the type of restaurant that you have a hard time believing is still in business . we were not able to stay to actually eat anything becuase the restaurant itself was so unpleasant to stay in . but the restaurant is clearly focused on style over substance .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "chill atmosphere , cold beer , tasty tacos . `` the standard '' is my personal favorite . and the rice ... .. be sure to get the rice !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "five star rating is for the great food : baja fish taco , braised beef , and carne asada taco -- all great ! chips and salsa also fresh and very good . service on the other hand was subpar . not bad enough to lose me forever . since the food was so good i will give them another shot ... just hope service is better this time . update - had to bring down to a four after eating at barrio queen -- new standard .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the absolute perfect place to hang out , eat amazing tacos , and have a few margaritas . the servers are very attentive and friendly . great service even when they are busy . they have a nice outdoor patio with space heaters and a fire place which is a plus . and ... .. $ 2 tacos on tuesday . boom !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here on a weekday for lunch with my daughter . she goes her all the time and she thought i would like it . it was amazing . got three baja fish tacos and a cucumber mandren orange salad . also very good . the place was crazy busy and very fun . the place is very edgy in a good way . definitely will be going back here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally got to try this place today . we 've attempted to come a couple of times but were deterred by the two hour long wait . we went in today ( a saturday ) at about 4:45 , and there was no wait ! the tacos were really good . we especially liked the fish taco and the braised beef taco . the ahi taco was not impressive at all . the guacamole was pretty good ... not amazing but good . drinks were good . loved their salsa that comes when they seat you . very fresh ! i 'd definitely go back , but i would never wait two hours for it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a trendy and super yummy little place . it reminds me very much of la and west hollywood . this is not a good place for large groups ... they can put a few tables together on the small patio outside but unless it is one of the few nice days of the year in arizona , you wo n't be comfortable . also , the wait can be really long . ask them about an app you can download on your phone and you can put your name in at a restaurant and they are one of them . i forgot what it is called . the wait will very likely be 1-2 hours wait on friday and saturday nights . brunch there is fun too though !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pleasantly surprised by ... everything . short wait for a table of 6 , drinks while we waited . i was impressed by the salsa , i think it had jicama ( ? ) as did the guacamole . tried 2 different agua frescas ( cucumber mint with gin & horchata with amaretto ) both delicious & $ 5 on happy hour . the taco combo ( 3 tacos + 1 side ) is a lot of food . tried the shrimp , carne asada , and some chicken one ... the shrimp was my favorite . i was very pleased by how clean and decorative the inside is , the staff is friendly , and of course delicious food . will definitely come back . i 'm craving a mexican mule now ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to joyride tonight with my wife . both of us needed a fix for churros with chocolate . we were hoping for something similar to what we had in madrid near plaza mayor and calle toledo about a year ago . it was nowhere near that . we still say what we had in madrid was more to our liking . the churros at joyride in gilbert were too sugary , and therefore too sweet the churros were missing the cinnamon ... only tasted the sugar the chocolate was too sweet . on our drive back home to mesa , my wife and i discussed this , and said that what we had for churros at joyride was nothing like like madrid . perhaps if we want churros like what we had in madrid , we shall have to return to madrid .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came in on a recommendation from a friend , and boy i was n't disappointed ! the mexican street corn was perfect , i 'm a sucker for cotija ! the cochinita pibil was great too . awesome atmosphere and music as well . but the highlight was our server hayley , my wide and i are both in the industry and can be tough customers to impress . it was honestly refreshing to have her as our server . great recommendations , super positive and upbeat professional young lady . we will most definitely be returning to try the adobado she told us was so amazing . thanks again to hayley for giving us the best service we can honestly say we 've ever had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just tried this over the weekend . went with a friend of mine and our tacos were yummy ! loved the hip trendy d\u00e9cor . we each ordered three tacos to get the free side . i ordered the carne asadas and one baja fish and a side of beans . she ordered one baja , one chicken , and one shrimp and a side of orange cucumber salad . i loved my carne asada , the fish was fresh but i wish it was more tasty . she did n't like her chicken very much , liked the fish , but said the shrimp was the best . we both liked our sides - actually she loved her cucumber side ! my side of beans was very generous and could have been split between both of us . service was efficient , wish it was a little more friendly but can tell they wanted you in and out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've now eaten here twice and tried all of their tacos . joyride has amazing food , amazing staff and the cutest decor ! i like to sit outside on the patio- which often puts you at risk for being forgotten- but not here ! the staff is bubbly , helpful and checks in often ! everything i have tried here has been gorgeous , the presentation and flavor of each dish makes it hard to choose- but my favorites right now are the standard chicken and baja fish tacos ! i also would like decorate my house like that place haha ! i think i will try the agua fresca next time : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visiting from ca and our host took us here . i had the the three taco plate with chicken tinga , short rib and conchita pibil . they were all delicious . the service was good and a manager touched our table and gave us a complimentary dessert . my only negative was the bomb beans were under seasoned . this did not ruin my experience however . would recommend this place ! excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here on my birthday which was in january . aquarius baby . i loved the tacos very delicious , my fave was the braised beef taco . what was the best about thing about this place ? it was the atmosphere and it 's open and spacious no matter where you are seated . it feels very san diego for a gilbert resto . very fun and would like to return for happy hour and more tacos please !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the fish , carnitas , and carne asada tacos . the carne asada tacos were the best , although they did n't taste anything what i expected . they were kind of sweet . what really makes the tacos are the homemade tortillas which are fresh and perfect . chips were cold and not good at all .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was actually trying to go to postinos- my az friends wo n't stop talking about it . i accidentally walked into joyride instead , so glad i did ! ! ! everything i had was insanely good . i love the funk decor , great music , very friendly ( and good looking ) staff . service was quick ! there 's outdoor and indoor seating- it 's comfortable and aesthetically pleasing . the food was yum . yum yum ! ! i had 3 tacos- braised beef , tinga , and pork . first off all it 's awesome that they even have tinga on their menu . but the fact that it was good ? ! i 'm grateful for being so tired after work to make this restaurant mistake . oh ! ! ! they serve aguas frescas too- they 're take on them anyway . i had a cucumber one and i wish i had that recipe . i only wish i lived locally so i can return over abc over again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "muy bueno ! delicious street tacos . fresh ingredients . margaritas are tasty too . the decor is a much needed switch up from the norm . we love meeting friends there . just like anywhere in downtown gilbert , it gets crowded on weekends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went for lunch and the food was great . we have been waiting for gilbert to get some good mexican food , and this place seems to have it . the chips and salsa was good , the service was good as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was great ! had 3 tacos and some hot mess-thing with eggs on top which was pretty awesome . service was even better ! only not giving 5 stars since i did n't have anything that i think will absolutely compel me to go back . that being said , i would go there again and recommend it to friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came here after watching a play at the hale theater . first we started off with margaritas and i ordered the blood orange ... .omg it was tasty . they do n't short you on the tequila either . i ordered the standard taco , carne adobada and the shrimp tacos . i have to say they were all amazing but my favorite was the carne adobada ! i would definitely return . very nice outdoor seating too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there for lunch on sunday . sat at the bar and received chips and salsa immediately . the salsa was really good , spicy the way i like it . i ordered 1 chicken taco , 1 carne asada and 1 grilled fish taco . my friend ordered the shrimp tacos . we received tacos , like taco bell fast , i was impressed . all 3 of my tacos tasted good . but as previous reviews mentioned , the carne asada is a little dry not sure why . my friends shrimp tacos looked awesome . i wish i would 've ordered one . he said they were good and he would order them again . the staff was really friendly and the restaurant has a great vibe and feel . i love the patios . i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awful and over priced ! water spilled all over me and my new coach purse and snobby staff all expect for our waiter . hated everything about it . i knew we should of went to the bbq place across the street .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i loved the mango-mandarin margarita . it was awesome . definitely try the standard , crispy fish , and pork adobada tacos . the servers were friendly and attentive . i 'm looking forward to coming back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "order the nachos , they are some of the best i have every had ! the agua fescas are delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the setting is swank and spacious . i decided to go with the tacos as that 's what they pride their menu on . the meat in two types - which seemed a bit bland - did n't impress me . with that being said , i think they are a bit over priced for the product . i 'd say average on food , but the atmosphere does create a special and unique dining experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went to joyride again tonight . had the chicken burrito . amazing that is one fine burrito . my wife and i each ordered a margarita . oops ! ! ! delicious , yes , but small and $ 9.00 each . not worth it at all ! ! ! ! ! i will not order that again . wow ! ~ ! ! this is a 4.75 - 5.00 drink and it is really good but massive overprice . the service was excellent again . definitely go to this place but , watch those drink prices . whew ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cute decor and delicious food . the tacos are small street tacos so if you come really hungry , it can get a little pricey . i 've tried all of the tacos , except for the ones with seafood , and all of them were very tasty . there is a good selection of beer and other alcoholic beverages . i really like all of the watermelon drink concoctions they have , but everything i 've tried is delicous . i enjoy coming here for drinks and smaller meals . i like to come during week days on sort of off hours when its not as crowded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our tacos were cold , the fish tacos came with just one tiny fish piece , and no lime or hot sauce offered . the guacamole saved the day , it was great . one thing that was strange was that the sides came out on the flat appetizer dishes like they ran out of side dishes . i guess i just expected a better fish taco . with so many options next door , tough to come back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a staple for restaurants in gilbert . a wonderful place to eat at if you are looking for a drink or just good food . i love the crispy fish tacos here and the salsa is amazing ! i would rate this place 5 stars on a good day but sometimes the food can be a bit inconsistent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the atmosphere at this location . the staff is always friendly , and the service is fantastic . just beware of taco tuesday ... the place is packed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just had my first visit to joyride and i loved it ! i had an amazing salad , the drinks are wonderfully refreshing and the atmosphere is heavenly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the atmosphere was fun and vibrant ... reminded us of austin . the tacos were a bit bland , but the margaritas were great ! not sure if we would go back for the food , but the drinks and atmosphere were great !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went to joyride for my first time , had excellent tacos and the mexican street corn there is to die for ! amazing happy hour , they also do give you free chips and salsa ... will definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really awesome food , good portion sizes and the salsa is fresh and awesome ! though i do wish they would give more salsa with their food , it was a great experience and atmosphere !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tacos are good . i recommend going on a tuesday , so you can get more bang for your buck as many of the tacos are half off . unique and flavortul margaritas . i ordered one of the chile ones and it was very tasty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visited with my cousin and the service was wonderful ! we recommend the fresh fruit juices with the add of your choice of alcohol . yum ! everything was so fresh and good . the churros with caramel is the best . i 'm happy heading home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food , music and drinks . recommend the baja fish taco and cucumber serrano margarita .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is horrible , i do n't know what the hype , on any level is about . my family and i went there this evening as a recommendation as one of the top 5 places in gilbert , hardly ! our food was cold , my sons soda was flat after two tries of two different kinds and it was still on the bill , the waitress reached right across my face mid bite to take my sons plate away , the portions were ridiculous for a $ 5.00 street taco , the carne asada taco tasted like it should have been a hawaiian taco , the shrimp taco\u00e2\u0080\u00a6..what shrimp , the guacamole was bland , the chips were stale , the margarita was weak , the beans were runny , the grilled vegetables were cold with a blob of tomato paste thrown atop ; the meal all around for a family of 4 @ $ 80.00 was horrible ! ! ! we will never ever go back . disappointing and unsatisfied is a mere understatement .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my friends have been hyping this place up so i tried it today on a business lunch . i liked the atmosphere . the music and the open feel we nice , and the service was very good . food came out fast as well . that 's about where it ends . i had 3 different tacos , two of which i would probably never order again , with the third being just ok . the chips and salsa were not that good and the rice was average . i think if you wan na go somewhere uber-trendy and way over-pay for tacos that are not that good and are definitely not mexican food , then this is the place for you .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went here for a lunch date and was not impressed . we had a great server , but the food and drinks were not all they are cracked up to be , especially considering how expensive everything on the menu is already . the chicken tinga tacos that i had tasted just alright , while the carne ones my boyfriend had were not good at all . definitely wo n't be coming back here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fun place ! ! great atmosphere and being downtown gilbert makes it a great location ! warning though - you will most likely have quite a wait !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great bloody mary ... nice and clean place.fish tacos not so great.rice was mush and bla.if your just having drinks great food not so much . very nice workers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ohai . tacos are good but expensive and so are the fresca . try to make it to happy hour ( no food just drinks ) use coupons when able . kthxbai", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food here is sooooooooooo good ! the prices are a little high but the portions are a good size ! plan on waiting to be seated , most nights it 's crowded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food and service are very good . if the prices were about half of what they charge , i would give it 4 or 5 stars . but , street tacos just should n't cost this much . last time there i had the chicken mole plate . it was way too sweet for my taste .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i keep reading about people going to joyride for taco tuesday but they neglect to mention that the $ 2.00 tacos are not available until after 2pm . i went last week at 1pm for lunch and was a bit disappointed that i could n't get the tacos for the taco tuesday price . i found the food to be on the spicy side , which some people like but i do n't . the chips they brought out was good and the salsa was fine-but again , it was too spicy for me . good atmosphere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went on a friday night , when the wait is 20+ minutes . we sat at the bar , and we 're immediately greeted with a friendly hello . the drinks came pronto . the joyride margarita was yummy ( and strong ) . the prickly pear margarita was a little too sweet . we were seated in 20 minutes , and once again received a friendly greeting and fast service . the tacos are amazing . the abodada taco was our favorite . chandler and tim both came to our table , just to check on things . the great service & yummy tacos makes this place an a+ in our book .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of our `` go to '' places for a good quick meal ... or even a longer one with friends . great food , great service , laid back eclectic crowd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this place . it 's always busy , great drinks , food is well above average . i always enjoy myself . service can be a little slow but everyone is pretty friendly . as it stands today i will be back but there 's a lot of other options now downtown gilbert so my visits are less frequent . that may change . still getting a feel as to how much i like the newer restaurants . we 'll see .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "joyride has the absolute best mini tacos . their corn - out of this world . i love eating here ! the staff is always excellent and quick- even on busy friday nights !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was great . we sat outside and had drinks and appetizers . the staff was friendly and the area we waited for our table was cozy . once inside , we had a great dinner . great atmosphere and totally worth the price . ca n't wait to go back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time there last week and it was amazing ! ! ordered 3 tacos and the guac . best guacamole in town ! ! definitely recommend and will go back . service was great and manager richard kept making sure we had a great experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well ... the only joy here was when i was riding home putting this place in my rear view mirror . truly a letdown ... the place was busy ( it does have a great atmosphere ) . my wife and i were excited to try the food out . started with mexican street corn ... unseasoned and out of season corn . my wife and i each tried 3 different tacos ( 6 total ) . there was not 1 out of the 6 that i would ever want to order again . two main themes ... under seasoned or strange flavors and little hard burnt bits in almost everything . the only thing that i thought was passable was the chips and salsa . although , after reading other reviews , the question has to be asked ... what does this place have against seasoning their food ? and , who are these people who are recommending this place as having great food . again it it 's a shame that with a great location presentation and atmosphere they could not produce a quality dish .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thoroughly enjoyed taco tuesday . had the standard ( chicken ) , carne asada , and crispy fish tacos along with a few pineapple mojitos ... . delish !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food staff is always friendly and great sour mix for any drink ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great tacos , margaritas , and the vibe and servers were fantastic . a perfect place for friends , coworker happy hour or family .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was not impressed but my husband liked it more . we went for cinco de mayo so it was busy . i noticed their happy hour ends at five . am i the only one who thinks that is weird ? the tacos were ok but over all not really worth the price . drinks were decent . the decor and atmosphere were great but there were a large amount of flies . i think there would have been less trouble with flies if we ate outside . i might give it another try but maybe just a drink and app but there are better places nearby .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we shared a crispy fish taco and the torta with pork . it was delicious ! we also got a pitcher of beer for $ 5 ( happy hour ) the only reason i gave it 4 stars is because the fish taco was pretty small for over $ 4 . the chips and salsa were really good too : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for taco tuesday tonight with my parents . the ambiance and music were great ! i ordered 2 crispy fish tacos and 1 standard taco . the crispy fish was my favorite . i also ordered my favorite margarita , the blood orange , i get that every time i come in . the service was great , i never had an empty water glass and the 2 hostesses that greeted us at the door were super funny , putting smiles on our faces before we even sat down !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "$ 5 margaritas on a sunday afternoon ? yes please ! very cool place with a nice vibe . busy place with delicious food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food . service so so . 2nd time there . waited a bit for drinks order , never got a refill on salsa . just ok service . hoping for a better experience next time ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my wife and i decided to try out this place of a so call street taco . the name joyride says it ! they will take you for a joy ride on there so call tacos . im not going to pay 4 dollars for a taco with no sides . the drinks are horrible . salsa is mushed up with who knows what . everything on the menu is so discrimintive . why gringo ? or is this place is only for whites . i wouldnt eat here ever . if you want good street tacos , go to a real mexican resturant , at least youll get sides with it and real food . if there were a choice on the star , i would not even give one . horrible . never eat at joy ride again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food is not bad . the place is very loud and it is hard to hold a conversation while eating . the staff seems to me is pretentious , like they are doing you a favor by tending on you ( or it could have been the person that waited on us ) . i might go back to it in a few months ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i expected to have a better experience . i ordered an almond orchata , there was no almonds in my orchata , there were pecans that 's to start the second con is that it was loaded in cinnamon and i mean loaded , i love cinnamon but this was exagerated amount in my drink , it was hard to drink it . i ordered the chipotle chicken tamales , hmmm they were n't seasoned as i would expect , actually i did not find the chipotle in my chicken and the third comment is that we ordered the hot habanero salsa and it was not hot at all : ( . the service was a little slow but i understand it was a crowded friday night , if the waitress would be a little more friendly i would n't mind that detail . the place is nice to go out , the food not so good to my mexican palate , the drinks i would give them a second chance , perhaps .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my go to place for a quick date . service is awesome which is important on a date . always there to add extra energy to conversations and help take away some of that first date awkwardness . tacos are ok but environment and energy is awesome . no downside .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service fast beautiful mister patio great tasting salsa ... we came on taco tuesday 2 $ tacos from 2 till close ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an awesome fun place with food you love to eat and come back to . our server jackie was a rick star !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their wait is always way too long . after finally waiting and getting in our server was so crazy . she was very nice , but knew nothing about the menu or the restaurant . we ended up getting offered free desserts by the manager which they charged us for and had to wait another 10 mins to get that cleared off the bill . the food was just ok nothing special i 've had way better mexican food here in the valley .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped in for their $ 5 house margaritas . on ice my first one went down quick and did not really feel it but did start to feel a kick halfway through my second one . so they passed my margarita test . crispy and fresh chips and very savory salsa were offered and they are really really.good . then not being so hungry i ordered just the fish taco , no rice or beens . satisfying and tasty . the bar was pleasant and not crowded at the time and the bartenders were very attentive and nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here ! great place love the blood orange margarita ! ! food was greattasting , portions are small for the price ! would go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "place is overrated . service was slow , fish taco was n't very fresh . waiter forgot our rice and the price was too high for such a small taco ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fun atmosphere . yummy thin chips with salsa . agua frescas con booze por favor . would go again with friends .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "shrimp & veggie tacos with mango mandarin margarita ! highly recommended ! everything was on happy hour menu besides the shrimp taco .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the bandit taco platter was the choice for dinner , all three tacos where very good but my favorite was the carnitas tacos . also had the pineapple mojito which was very good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hate paying for food that is n't good . nice vibe but that 's what you 're paying for ! food is just ok .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place has a really cool atmosphere ! service is good . i got the standard tacos and they were absolutely amazing . i like it because it 's very unique and they even tie that in with their menu . not a typical mexican restaurant but i definitely love it . will definitely be coming back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "must go again ! ! ! ! most awesome fish tacos ! happy hour includes taco , guacamole , & drink specials ! wait staff was great - they all helped each other bring food & drinks out ! audra was super ! ! atmosphere was great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is our 1st time here . wer family of 5 . everything is good , tacos r so good . n services is 5 star no doubt , but only thing i have complained is d price of shrimp ceviche is xpensive for that lil bowl itself . oh well not gon na order that again for sure .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the staff here is awesome . the food is pretty good , too . we always sit at the bar and they take care of us : ) i love all the different salsas and the blood orange margarita is a must !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved the fish tacos ! oober tasty ! the cucumber salad is soo delicious ... yum ! just the right amount of sweet and spice !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried it out for the first time this weekend . the drinks ( agua frescas with alcohol ) and food were good . i ordered a couple of tacos , and my friends also enjoyed the good ( tacos and vegetarian burrito ) . however , the service was blah . they forgot an item and drink we ordered , and they arrived about 20 minutes later . so late that everyone else was done eating . there seemed to be confusion over who was managing our table- different people kept stopping by to tell us the food and drink were coming , but we continued to wait . they did credit our bill , and i 'm willing to give them another shot because i liked the food and drinks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love the fish tacos and the street corn is one of my favorites . good stuff ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "normally , i love joyride , but i was so disappointed to see they 've literally shrunk their kid meals . the bean and cheese burrito meal was made using taco tortillas . my 3 year old and 5 year old finished their meals before mine even came out ( yes , all ordered at the same time ) and were still hungry , so i asked to order two more burritos . they said they only sell the meal , so , $ 20 later ( $ 5 meal x 2 kids x 2 meals ) , my kids were finally full . so disappointing !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent food , excellent service , will definitely return . got seated immediately , i got my water refilled like 3 times , the waiters kept checking in . i 'm very impressed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did n't think there was anything special about the food , it 's more about the atmosphere . off the bat got free chips n salsa . i got 3 tacos and a side for about $ 14 : chicken , beef , fish with black beans . tacos were street taco size but they jammed it with plenty of meat . black beans tasted plain but probably made from scratch . also got the almond horchata which was good but did n't get a lot of it since they filled the glass with mostly ice . for dessert , got the churro with chocolate ... if you 've never had the real churro from madrid then it 's pretty tasty . would i come here again ? probably just to hang out with friends but not for the food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "opening night ! great food ! great service ! great drinks ! billy and the staff are first rate . all in all , could not be more pleased ! michelle was a great waitress , as well ! great stmosphere , as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such fantastic service here . the staff works as a collaborative group and np drink is left behind . love the modern ambiance and local art on the walls . can not beat th wie happy hour specials either !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place but why oh why did you get rid of the el capitan sandwich ? ? it was amazing ! bring it back please !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here with a party of 14 during their anniversary week and the place was crazy . i have to say they could not have done a better job considering the situation . i 've been before when things were n't so crazy and the service was good but i must say they rose to the occasion ! this place has some seriously yummy food and great drinks ! do n't let the prices scare you , the quality is there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere , amazing food , tasty drinks , and salsa that was to die for ! i had the taco trio and was very impressed , chicken , pork , and grilled fish were all fantastic . the blood orange margarita was mouth watering and at $ 5 ( even on a saturday afternoon ) it was a steal . our server , fransisco , was very knowledgable and got us very excited for the food . i enjoyed the large selection of tasty yet dairy free options - as a dairy free individual i find it hard to find a good variety of mexican food that still tastes good without the cheese . but now i have since they use house made aioli in their yummy sauces ! ca n't wait to go back and try more heavenly creations !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we enjoy the experience of eating at joy ride ; the vibe and decorations are amazing ! however , it 's a little pricey and the food always seemed rushed even though the wait for a seat and your food is quite long . when we go we always set aside all night because we know we 'll be waiting a long time , but it 's to be expected in such a trendy area ! we love downtown gilbert !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service was prompt and friendly but the food was overpriced and skimpy . the baja fish tacos needed more sauce and fish was dry . carne asada was tasteless and dry . very disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "these tacos are awesome ! i have been a few times and have never been disappointed with the food . super yummy . only bummed about the wait time . they do n't take reservations so if you go on the weekend or during a busy time- be prepared to wait .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "somewhat pricey for what you get . i do like aqua fresca they serve . service is ok and wait can be long .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "probably my favorite place in gilbert . $ 5 pitchers of awesome beer during the day every day ! their carne asada is ridiculous . i usually get the beast burrito or a carne asada quesadilla , but everything i 've ever had was amazing . great service too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great spot in downtown gilbert . i always sit outside . i like their burritos . great chips and salsa and they keep them coming which is how it should be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . but will miss the outdoor seating area . the margaritas and shrimp taco 's are my favorite ! ! the cucumbers salad is so refreshing . the atmosphere is seriously cool .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such a cute place ! i have been obsessed with joyride for the past 6 months . all they 're tacos are amazing . the fila salad is also great . the first time my boyfriend got the mexican street corn he said every single person should have this on they 're table . and he 's not usually impressed by food . i have never been disappointed with the food drinks or service at joyride .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mediocre . tacos are ok. had the fish tacos and i did n't think it taste that good.i was told they were the best tacos at joyride but i personally would 've just eaten their chips and salsa the whole time . it 's too high in price , too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always so busy - but amazing food . i love the d\u00e9cor and the service has always been great . this was a great restaurant to add to downtown gilbert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we tried joy ride a few weeks ago during happy hour - the prices were great - the atmosphere is great - we will be back -", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place and come often , but the service is horrible . i understand it 's happy hour and they get busy , yet that is no reason to give bad service . every time i come , i see my server only once and i have to always ask another worker for a refill , more food , etc ... i am a server and i have to deal with being busy , although i always give my best service . i expect be same when i go out to dinner . it 's weird because it 's only this location that gives the worst service ! if you want a better experience i 'd recommend the joyride in phx .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great taco shop ! good food , drinks , and sides with excellent service . set in the heart of downtown gilbert , joyride is a great take on street tacos . we started with the free chips and salsa ( second order only $ 2 ) and some ceviche . the size of the salsa and ceviche was small and was n't enough for two people . ordered three different tacos and a side of cucumber orange salad . all tacos were good and the salad was excellent . we ordered the fish taco , but they were out of it . guess i should have went down the street if i wanted fish tacos . the drinks are probably joyride 's best menu choice . we had the cucumber mint agua fresca . definitely our best decision . with all the wonderful choices in downtown gilbert joyride is a good eatery , better drinkery , with five star service . stop by if you 're into chips , salsa , street tacos , and delicious drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "knowing that joyride is owned by the same folks as postino and windsor , the flavors are exactly what you would expect - fresh , colorful and everything we tried had several layers of flavors . we went for lunch and our server was great and quick . beverages were always full and we tried several of his recommendations . i had a couple tacos and the cucumber orange salad , my friend had a burrito . all of the was great . the salsa that comes right away is very flavorful and was well enjoyed . only downside for us ( just based on our preferences and sounds super picky ) is that the chips are just too thick . all in all , great spot for lunch and looking forward to trying more again soon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got a to go order there about 45 minutes before they closed . had never eaten there but drive by it a lot . got the 2 battered fish tacos and 2 carne asada tacos . took about 20 minutes for a to go order and they were n't busy . i went straight home but found that the food was n't warm . after biting in , i realized i probably should have heated it up . not bad but not very flavorful . overall ok and i 'm not going to turn down tacos . they also forgot my side that was supposed to come with the meal . there is another taco chop nearby that i 'm sticking with . i will give them 5 stars for their churros though . i 'm really picky about churros and these were great . i tried it which was my goal but i do n't really see myself returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tory our waitress was amazing . made amazing suggestions and we loved everything . the ceviche is a must . my son ordered 2 orders of the kids quesadilla because he loved it . fish tacos were my favorite , the husband loved the carne asada tacos . we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "go on taco tuesday for $ 2 tacos . the meat is always tender and the tacos flavorful . my ultimate favorite though , is their market veggies . y'all need to order a side of their market veggies - it 's not what you 'd typically find at your usual restaurant . the veggies are slightly spicy , flavorful , and are melt in your mouth delicious . the market veggies change daily , so come in with an open mind ! this is my favorite taco shop in gilbert . you really ca n't go wrong . true to their name , this place is an absolute joy to go to . also , they have a great happy hour ( 2-6 pm ) ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pricey tacos are good , just pricey . i am a real fan of the atmosphere , it 's like hipster before hipster was cool which made it not cool . anyway , fun place to pretend like you 're in california where mexican food is made by sous chefs . feels corporate ... yet hipster corporate .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awful service , hit and miss food . it was a revolving door on the wait staff . our waitress showed her face to take our order then everyone else had to pick up the slack . i had to flag down bus staff for drink refills . the good taco was the braised beef and the rest was okay . really the service is what blew it . walked up to the manager to have him tab me out after waiting 10 min with a cleared table . then he forgot to return my card . not going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place ! the standard taco is the best ! my husband also really likes the crunchy fish taco .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere , kind of hip and eclectic . good selection of good food and drinks . great service . nice location in the heart of old town gilbert . went with the 3 taco plate where you get 3 different types of tacos . did not disappoint .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best bang for your buck taco happy hour ! $ 2 tacos paired with $ 5 margaritas or pitchers . ca n't beat it . my husband loves their carne asada tacos . my favs include the chicken tinga and crispy fish . all of them are super fresh and flavorful ! huge patio and good sized bar . all the staff was friendly and efficient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've dined here 3 times and have to admit that i ca n't get past the fish taco ! yum ! crunchy , flavorful -- so yummy ! there are many other treats to try at this establishment . the decor is fun , seating in a booth is comfortable with others and the service is always consistently right on . they will do for you whatever it takes ! you place your order , and it 's there in hardly no time at all . fresh !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a fun , colorful place for drinks or dinner . we 've been here several times now and can say that the food is consistently great and the service is excellent . try the blood orange margaritas !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food and good drinks ! the ambiance is chill and the happy hour menu is great as well !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! best service and amazing food ! everyone was super friendly and the atmosphere is great . you cant beat happy hour prices . $ 2.00 tacos and $ 5 margaritas ! lipsense , tacos and margaritas for the win !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is great- the crispy fish tacos are awesome , as are all the other tacos we 've tried . the meat is the farthest thing from dry and is super flavorful . the churros dessert is insanely delicious too ! side note- if you 're not a cilantro fan ( i 'm not ) just know that it 's mixed in their pico and they ca n't really remove it . i had asked for no cilantro on my fish tacos and the bartender did n't know they could n't remove it and i ended up having to scrape the pico off of the top , leaving me with a tortilla and a piece of fish ( not really worth the $ 4.25 price tag ! ) the customer service was great though , the bartender was incredibly sincere and offered us a free dessert to make up for it . would definitely come here again besides the cilantro aspect- we saw a table by us get some mexican corn that looked super delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bomb.com and a great happy hour too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great happy hour . great tacos . good people . highly recommend to try at least once .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . everything i 've tried has been really good and decently priced . i love the atmosphere as well . although i prefer the outdoor dining area more because the music is really loud indoors and difficult to have a conversation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joyride is one of my favorite restaurants . i go regularly and always have a great experience with both the food and the service . i love the lunch special : 2 delicious tacos and a wonderful salad for less than $ 10 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cheap tacos . cheap beer . excellent quality of both . service was great , i believe the guy behind the bar was gary . we will definitely be back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here three times and each time has been a joy ! the service is pretty quick even during their busy times ! i absolutely love the music they play . although i could do without the flies that buzz by because of their open windows . i especially love their agua frescas ! fresh food and fun atmosphere ! come here if you 're looking for something fun !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service and even better food ! if you 're in the old town gilbert area , you have to give this place a try ! you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is tasty and it has great service . it offers gluten free options as well . the meat is of good quality and so are the fresh vegetables and salsa . it can be slow during busy times .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the salsa that came with the chips was too spicy so i asked if they have a milder salsa . the waitress said they have some pico that was milder a brought some out . however , there was a $ 2 charge for the pico and we were n't told . they removed the pico charge upon my request . i wanted a taco salid but they did n't have one on the menu so i had nachos with added chicken . the chicken was spongy and did n't seem to be real chicken chunks . the cheese was a white sauce and not flavorful so the nachos were bland . the service was fine .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "well , it 's not bad ... but it 's not great either . walking in i was pumped to hear deltron through the speakers and see the place was not as pretentious as i had heard from the grape vine . since i 'm not one for negativity i 'll start out with some positives . a wide selection of aguas frescas with the option of adding booze to it was quite a delight , and the salsa they bring out with your complimentary chips was actually tasty as a mofo . service was pretty good and , , , well ... that 's about it . if you are going to be charging around 4 bucks each for mf'n street tacos they better be amazing , the truth is they were not . you could score a hell of a better fish taco at rubios , the cochinito pibil tasted like a corona with a few cigarette butts floating inside , and the short rib was alright ... just kick up the seasoning . a few adjustments and this place could be a gem .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great spot for a lunch or dinner date . i 've had business meetings , beers , tacos , ... whatever . the scenery is fantastic , close to a few other spots . the crowd is slightly sophisticated with zero pretentious fools . i will definitely recommend this place to my friends and family", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was my first time here and the wait was an hour on taco tuesday around 8pm.. let me just say i would wait another hour for these delicious tacos ! ! so much flavor and so fresh ! the warm chips with salsa were also amazing . i will be back ! ! would have given 5 stars but our server did n't seem to like their job .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a great night with friends and tim was a great server ! great drinks and food . dessert too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ahi tacos were out of this world ! i could n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome ! service was great ! ambiance was great ! food was amazing ! highly recommend : crispy fish taco , braised beef taco and shrimp ceviche . this might be my new favorite spot ! one thing i would change , is i would love for these tacos to be a crispy shell . the soft was good , but crispy would have been the best ( for most tacos , not all ) . maybe the option to choose ? ? ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been there a couple times now and a great experience both times . cool atmosphere , though it seems like the outside part of the property could be set up in a more useful way ( looks nice but not too many chairs or tables . ) we ate at the bar both times and service was exceptional . they were friendly and very attentive but not overly hovering checking in like some places do . the first time there they had an accidental corn on the cob appetizer they had an extra of and the bartender asked us if we wanted it . i thought that was nice , since most places would chuck an extra rather than give it out for free . they also had a pretty decent beer special . ca n't remember exactly what it was but something like $ 5 small pitcher during hh , and that was for good beer ( kiltlifter ) not the cheap stuff . tacos were delicious , i liked the standard fried fish the best ( i ordered a combo of three types . )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was fantastic - and the food was very good . had the chicken burrito as an enchilada- delicious ! will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! from the food to the drinks to the service , this place is great in every way . we have taken friends and family from out of town and everyone seems to always enjoy the experience . highly recommend . kid friendly too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love this place 's street corn . amazing service and great food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the street corn here . i usually just go here for the corn . tacos are okay . the reason why i just gave 4 stars . the guy was super nice here ! he felt the corn was too small so he gave me 2 ! score !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "outstanding food and customer service . if you have n't tried this place , then you must . i love the vintage atmosphere . they have beautiful seating outside too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i tried joyride on saturday for date night . it exceeded my expectations ! from tasty unique cocktails to authentic and delicious street tacos and street corn , we we very pleased . many restaurants in the heritage district are busy on saturday night at 7pm , but we found seats quickly at the bar and did n't mind . i am guessing a little earlier would have garnered us a table . i ca n't wait to take family there when they visit town next month .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome food and friendly staff . we had the crispy fish tacos and sweet corn . could not have been better . we will be back for happy hour . great atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very average . kind of a hit and miss . one day it 's pretty good , the next day things are n't seasoned right . went on a tuesday for taco tuesday . 1.5 hr wait time . walked around downtown gilbert and they texted me when the table was ready , which was nice . ( so we did n't have to wait at the door and lose our spot in line ) not all of the tacos on the list are $ 2 . well , the best ones on the list are n't $ 2 . lol . but if you get the $ 2 tacos they 're pretty filling and it 's a pretty good price , but not the best tacos in az for us taco enthusiasts . still on the hunt !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my favorite taco spot on a tuesday . the food is delicious and the drinks are strong . my friends and i have never had bad service and we keep coming back every week !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for the high price i would have expected better flavor . we had the fish tacos . the presentation was nice , the service was good , but we felt it was too pricey for the experience . i have to say we are do n't drink alcohol so i ca n't rate the drinks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tacos were awesome had the standard and the fish tacos . make sure you try the mexican street corn ! our server tony was wonderful and on point . great afternoon happy hour .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing place ! ! smoked sweet corn - this is my first try for a sweet corn . topped with 3 kinds of cheese and paprika . totally loved it . worth a try . veggie tacos - most delicious tacos i have had after velvet tacos in dallas . week days are the best deal for $ 2 tacos . margaritas - bang for the buck .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what a bad experience . we ate here back in july and loved it . this time it was totally different . flies filled the restaurant , the taco meat was fatty and the salads were wilted . luckily the manager , daniel , dropped the bill , but they need to make some changes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fancy mexican food , not real authentic but not bad , just different . great atmosphere , sort of pricey though . does n't make it in to my regular rotation of restaurants but i probably will stop in 2-3 times per year .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great tacos at a great price ! it was extremely busy during lunch but there is always room at the bar . the service was fantastic . chips and salsa included with the meal is a sign of a true mexican restaurant . loved it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am coming back here . went with a friend who is a huge fan of mexican foods of all kinds . we were both impressed with the food and service . the guac was great , the almond horchata was a pleasantly refreshing surprise , and the garden variety burrito was the best veggie burrito i have ever had . my friend was happy with her street tacos as well . the service at the gilbert location was wonderful as well . we were immediately brought chips , salsa , and water , and our server was pleasant and very accommodating . her recommendations were spot on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic all around . we 're in town for a week and we went twice . the $ 5 margaritas and pitchers for happy hour are a great deal , that 's even before you get to the food . had tacos , queso and burritos and they were all top notch . the place has a great vibe . we might be back for a third round later this week ! service was friendly and prompt both times we went .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really cool spot ! a bit of a weight on a friday night , but it cool that you can have drinks & apps on the patio . drinks were good and strong . chips and salas really good too . tacos are street style so small in size , large in flavor . if you r hungry , ap and maybe 3 tacos would be perfect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first of all i hate comments from people who have no clue about the restaurant business . do n't go out to eat if you are in a hurry . sitting and the ambiance is great . large place with a ton of seating . i am not eating here but i 'm drinking here . the cucumber serrano is great . my wife is drinking agua fresca with vodka and its great . i will update the post when i eat here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yay for an awesome taco place ! service was good ; a very casual atmosphere . the food was awesome ! we built up a taco plate ( you can do a la carte as well ) , and had the guacamole . portions are decent . convenient location in downtown gilbert . will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cucumber mint agua freasca ... enough said", "score": "5"}
{"review": "over priced to start with , not traditional mexican food , more fusion style . they poured the mole sauce on the chicken enchiladas and . green chili ( salsa verde ) on beef enchiladas.. waiter did n't offer to fix ... .they used flour tortillas for the tacos so everything was soggy and had no crunch , also no heat it 's like mexican food for people from iowa ... well margaritas were expensive and the tequila they used was awful .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they have a great lunch special- 2 tacos & either a generous portion of soup or salad . the crispy fish and the shrimp tacos are very yummy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great outdoor dining ! my husband and i came here because i had a voucher for a free appetizer , which happened to include any app ! we got carne asada nachos ( $ 15 ) and they were so delicious . there was no lack of toppings and they were extremely flavorful . we also ordered a chicken burrito ( $ 10 ) which was huge , but did n't have sides or anything . the service was quick and very friendly . we never ran out of water . the first round of chips and salsa is free ! i wish the prices were a smidgen more reasonable , but overall we are for sure coming back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i tried this place with a friend while out to lunch today . the menu had many innovative dishes , they have taken your typical mexican dish and spruced it up a bit . my friend ordered an enchilada plate that she raved about and i ordered a chicken taco and a cucumber and orange salad . i had never thought to combine those two but it was very refreshing . i will be going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we go to joyride every tuesday for taco tuesday . once you know what to order this place is amazing and the service is fantastic ! david and the other bartenders are awesome people and great at their jobs , even on such a busy night . the carne asada tacos are # 1 for sure . i like the crispy fish as well . if you 're looking for a burrito ask the bartenders for a recommendation . they know all the secrets ! as far as legit mexican tacos , that 's not what you go here for . order queso y mas , carne asada tacos or a burrito with braised beef . add in the atmosphere and bartenders and you 're golden !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful trendy place ! food is sooooo fresh and so good tasting ! highly recommend for lunch or dinner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i held our wedding rehearsal dinner here for 20 people , and we were beyond pleased with the booking experience , customer service , quality of food and overall experience . the food and drinks are delicious and the service is top-notch . prices are very fair for the quality of food . the atmosphere is fun and festive . we ate on the back patio - it was perfect . we will be back again for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not as great as we thought . we had to wait about an hour which is not a big deal when you think they are as great as the reviews say . ordered drinks while we waited for a table . did n't get the drinks until about 5-10 mins before our table was ready . we still were n't complaining we knew they were busy . our server was too busy to serve us so someone else helped us . it took about 30 mins to get our order in and 30 mins until we received our food . the shrimp tacos we ordered were burned to the point where you had a lingering after taste of charcoal in your mouth . they gave us another taco for free but the food was not as good as reviews made it sound . maybe it was not a good night for them but we waited forever to get food that a hole in the wall place could have served in a fraction of the time . the staff was very friendly but the food was not good in my opinion . very unlikely i will go there again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do not come here on taco tuesday ( dinner ) unless you 've downloaded the app and put your name in ahead of time or you 'll be waiting for a while ! the service was understandably slow as it was extremely busy but food was good , not great just good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is very good . the atmosphere is perfect . it is nice , but not stuffy , and very relaxed comfortable place . i was most impressed with how kid friendly they were . our kids food came on kid friendly plates - nice hard plastic red ones . i have never seen this before at restaurant . the kids food was also very good . sometimes when you order kid menu items , you can tell they are frozen , or no effort is put into it . not here . they made their kid food with the same quality as the adult food . this is the part that impressed me most . our adult food was also amazing . we will be returning customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid . great service ! food was very good . price is right and you should not be disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best drinks ! love the strawberry aqua fresca . tacos are yum , fish and chicken are my favorite . guacamole is worth adding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joyride is my new favorite restaurant . i am absolutely in love with the food , decor and their tacos ! my absolute favorite is the crispy fish taco . we went in on my birthday and ordered an appetizer , tacos and a few sides . the tacos came out but the appetizer did n't come out until we were done eating our meal . i told the waiter how late the appetizer was , and the manager came right over and took care of the whole meal ! not at all what we were expecting but so wonderful and kind on my birthday . joyride is absolutely wonderful from the customer service to the great food ! i love this place and go back as much as i can .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love joyride ! most things i 've had are full of flavor , in a simple understated way . the fresca 's are a must ! my fav is the citrus , a super tart slightly sweet refreshing beverage . nachos are on point as well ! the mexican street corn ( although looks amazing ) is n't that fab .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service is extremely hit or miss . the first time my girlfriend and i went here our server was great - everyone else ... the other 4 people who brought us something or sat us ... were bad . at first we were going to brunch down the street , but they were on an extremely long wait . then we walked past postino 's and decided to try something new . our server was attentive , yet the chips and salsa were slow initially and for refills . the food was delivered by what seemed like a manager and she did not ask if we needed anything else or offer to refill our empty waters . great beers on tap , the tacos are very good , and the servers make up a little bit for the overall way too laid back service . the decor is nice and the location is great , but get there early on the weekends or be prepared to wait .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fun place , california atmosphere good food . the corn on the cob is excellent , the black beans are excellent . tacos are very good with good selection . highly recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic service , excellent tacos and guacamole , trendy fun atmosphere ! my husband loved his burrito . blood orange margarita is my favorite ! we have been here half a dozen times and every time it 's been stellar ! if you order tacos in a group they bring them all out together which can be complicated . great place if you have kids !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the pork tamales and they were pretty good . the meat was nice and moist and flavorful . the aqua fresca 's were excellent as well . my wife had the horchata with a splash of amaretto added and it was tasty . i tried both of their margaritas , the blood orange and the house and they were very good . my wife had the enchilata 's and she enjoyed them . my only complaint to this place is the drink prices of their speciality drinks . when it 's not happy hour they are $ 10 each . if you like to have a few drinks , it would be best to visit here during happy hour which offers some great prices for drinks along with food . we will be back and plan on trying their happy hour food drinks next . forgot to mention , we were able to get seated right away , service was excellent and food came out really fast . we were in and out within an hour .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great nachos ! they 're big . great grilled mahi tacos and the house made vanilla pudding is the bomb ! atmosphere on a sunday afternoon was relaxed and the service is at the top . we 'll definitely will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place for ambience and good quality food . food was fresh and i was able to find vegan and gluten free options . what more can i ask for ? oh wait , house salsa needs a little bit kick for another 1 star . overall great experience and i will definitely visit again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every tuesday i come to joyride and not just for the amazing $ 2 taco price but because they have the best customer service , best atmosphere , and hands down the best tacos . every time i come tori the hostess greets us in the nicest way and she literally memorized us within two visits and now it 's become our weekly ( must go ) taco tuesday tradition ! all of their staff have beautiful personalities and every experience i 've had was just perfect ! also they have the most respectful and kind manager in the world nick he always goes table to table to check on all the guests . he visits our table every time my group and i come in ! whether you 're bring your family or your friends this is one taco place you have to try", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for the first time . was actually pretty good . i like the flare and different flavor options and new ideas . the margaritas were amazing ! ! only downfall is the place is really expensive . the margaritas were tiny too . well the glass is huge but not much liquid in it ! overall good food but cant say id visit often .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cool ambience and good food . there were a couple issues with our order , but the server fixed them . the wait staff is friendly and attentive . i love the fact they have organic milk for the kids meal ! ! ! i recommend the nachos and the braised beef . choose black beans over pinto ( normally i prefer pinto ) and the fresh fish was n't my favorite , fishy flavor .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted to love this place as i 've been wanting to go for quite some time . i went as i was passing through one day . it was a nice day but i wanted to sit inside as it was a bit windy outside . i asked to be seated away from the open side door but it was still very windy ( no big deal though , it is arizona ) ... i sat at the bar and the waitress bartender was very friendly and helpful . i decided to go with the grilled fish tacos and kale salad . i was disappointed as the fish was very dry ! i probably should have sent them back but i was running late for an appointment and did n't have time . i would give them another try as the place has a fun atmosphere and i loved the salsa which to me is a food group ! just a little disappointing..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great experience . nice people start to finish and absolutely considerate . we simply wanted an appetizer and the nachos fit that desire and were amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we honestly stopped in because postino was super packed.. so it was kind of a back up plan . but definitely happy we stopped by . joyride is super cute . the decor is fun & the atmosphere is upbeat . i had to try a mazatlan mule , which ended up being delicious . we snacked on the chips and salsa & cheese y mas . the cheese dip was ok. but the street corn was amazing . i 'll definitely come back to try some of the entrees & more booze . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we recently had a late night light dinner at joyride . the combination of great food and service made our evening . we enjoyed the variety of the tacos to choose from and the fresh sides were a hit with everyone . my favorites were the shrimp tacos and the chips and salsa .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered take out for a late afternoon snack , a cup of chicken tortilla soup , and a damn good one at that ! looking forward to exploring the rest of the menu . that was a 5 star cup of soup !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is amazing ! the drinks are unique and fresh and the atmosphere has a california cool meets hipster vibe . we love this place and it 's located in the heart of downtown gilbert . the service is the only thing we have n't had good luck with , but we keep going back because the food is just that good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to check off you 're list in the gilbert area . it can get quite busy with a 30-45min wait at times . so plan accordingly . i think the food is a tad bit over priced as far as the quantity you get . service and ambience is what this place is known for i think . i 'm one of those super tall guys that can eat a lot . they do n't have a crazy entre that fills me up completely . i go for what they have to offer though : the beast burrito . the 1st batch of chips and salsa are complimentary ( they used to be all free though : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "negatives : hipster hangout . looks like a 70 's lounge . the mexican mule does not deserve the name . it was a passion fruit cocktail in a regular glass with tequilla . no taco tuesday deals ! what kind of taco place does not do taco tuesday ? tacos were flavorless except the chicken tinga . servers keep their phones in the retro ice chest at the front of the restaurant ( weird , i know ) . positives : the big lebowski picture chips and salsa", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been wanting to try this place ... but it 's hard when postino 's is best door ! it was just me and my kiddo ( 2 ) and we enjoyed lunch on the patio . service was great , they seemed to work as a team , it did take my burrito a little longer than expected ( carne asada & other deliciousness ) . i just got the kiddo a said of beans ( they were different , topped with some sort of oil ? ? ) , had i realized they were $ 4 i would have gone with the $ 5 kids meal but i did n't think he would eat it all ( entree , side & drink - smoking kids meal deal ! ) . i 'll bring the husband and six year old next time and give a margarita a try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "here with my son . enjoyed the food while dining on their patio . great place here in gilbert ' s heritage district . busy place even at 4:00 on a saturday .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent ! ! ! food was awesome , the atmosphere was great . service was busy but still kept me happy : ) free chips and salsa but we then bought a different kind , the habanero ( yum ! ! ! ! ) and hot ! will be back very soon ! ! ! ! plus , awesome happy hour .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love joyride too much for my own good . my friend always raved about this place so i finally gave in . we came here on a friday around 9 pm and were immediately seated outside . we got the guacamole and three different tacos , which were all amazing . our server was really nice and the music was great . i will definitely be returning soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here for happy hour with a friend . loved the joyride margarita and pineapple mojito . we got tacos and those were really good , too . the bartenders were fantastic and attentive . only complaint is get a foot rest around the bar ! ! will definitely be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally tried this place after eyeing it for months ! i loved the drinks and the tacos are pretty good . we ordered carne asada , fish and shrimp tacos and my friend got the tamales plate that came with beans on the side and some veggies . the tacos were good a little pricey but other than that good ! my friend said the beans were kind of bland and the veggies did n't really go with the plate but she enjoyed her tamales . so over all this place is good the drinks are awesome and the vibe is trendy and chill . i 'll be going again for round 2 going to give it another try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quickly becoming one of my favorite joints in downtown gilbert ! joyride has great food with a great vibe . trio of tacos is a fantastic deal with diner 's choice of ten different tacos . my favorite three are shrimp , fish , and braised beef and , since the side dish comes with , the back beans . i suggest eating at the bar . the bartenders make it a fun experience with their service and making sure the right games are on . in the booth , it 's perfect for get togethers ! side note - the old school early 90 's hip hop that happened to be playing was the cherry on top . on a final note , to the owner of joyride , your manager is absolutely fantastic . he is epitome of the joyride customer experience and his staff follows his lead . my server accidentally forgot my dish and he made sure to come by , apologize , thank me for my understanding and ask what dessert he could bring the table to make up for it . the pudding . the answer is always , `` the pudding . ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good here is pretty tasty but not as good as some . meat was a little over cooked and tacos were plain . plus specials were n't great ! still will eat there just giving an honest review", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really cool place particularly on a nice day ... they open up all the roll up doors and there 's a perfect breeze ! ! now to the food ... very yummy ! ! we had the street corn and the guacamole for starters . really great my only quibble ( if i have one ) would be , it can be a bit tricky cutting the corn off the cob ! however it 's well worth the wrestle . my hubby had the carnitas taco and the carne asada ... i think they were delish but ... . someone pigged them all up w out sharing a bite ! ! ! he said they were great ! i had the pork adabado and the crispy fish ( requested corn tortilla rather than flour and they graciously accommodated ) they were both amazing ! i had a house margarita which was fine but a bit sour ... no matter , followed that up w a kettle one and soda witch was sublime ! we 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "some of the best spanish rice i 've ever had - usually not a fan of it in general , but tried it here , and loved it . tacos are good as well , lots of options . recommend getting several kinds , including the baja taco .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome location and perfect vibe . decor is awesome but the food and drinks are to die for . spent a wonderful afternoon eating the incredible food and some great specialty drinks . highly recommend ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty good tacos but pricey ... $ 5 tacos ! : ( nice restaurant and good service !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "slowest service ever . sat at our table waiting for so long ended up just having to leave .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "joyrides was delicious , i got the tacos and they were great . but this place is very overpriced . the atmosphere was sweet and i had a great waitress ! she has blue hair shout out to you ! good food just to expensive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "joyride is delicious and fun . a bit overpriced , but the lunch specials are great . i enjoy the two taco and salad special . keep in mind their happy hour ends at 5", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food and good drinks ! the place had a great atmosphere and great service . i loved the pork tacos !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love joyride taco ! their tacos and mexican street corn are the bomb ! ! everything is delicious here ! i love their outdoor patio that 's dog-friendly . i 've always gotten great service here , as well . everything is very fresh . we eat here often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went tonight for the first time to take advantage of the anniversary taco special . the food was good and the service was outstanding . i ca n't even remember the last time i 've felt that good about the service in any restaurant in the valley .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is pretty good . not great but good . might be better if you 're a drinker . id recommend the chicken burrito .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we give all 5s . our server tori and the manager on tonight billy were amazing ! little mix up with happy hour advertisement . but billy hooked us up anyways ! the customer service was something that should be in every restaurant like it is at joyride ! we will be back as long as the service doea not change ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved it ! i brought my dad here for a father 's day lunch . the service was terrific ! they had just opened a few weeks ago . the cocktails and aqua frescas were unique and so delicious . i was told that they come in early to prepare the drink mixes from scratch . i tried three tacos ; the fish was my favorite . the chicken was a bit spicy , the pork was ok . i will definitely return and will be bringing my friends !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went during happy hour and had the strawberry agua fresca with vodka , it was so refreshing and for a great price . also had the ahi tuna ceviche , was a little spicy but again great flavor . must try the chicken burrito ! was a great experience all around and ca n't wait to go again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service was amazing cisco had great energy and table presence . the cevice was fresh the kids meal was amazing and our meal perfect . i recommend joyride 100 %", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great tacos - loud so you can bring the kids . great service - always a perfect place for lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't come . been waiting over an hour to be seated . people just sitting inside done eating but not leaving . horrible service outside getting drinks too .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "looking forward to a return visit . we all tried the blood orange margarita 's and they were very good . looking forward to trying the pineapple mojito on my next visit . i loved the chicken , corn and poblano tamale . i wish the rice was more of a mexican rice but the grilled vegetables with the dish were very tasty . my husband is still talking about the street corn . all in all we had a great meal . when the weather is nice the outdoor seating would be great . it was a little loud inside but too hot to enjoy the outside space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came for a friend 's birthday lunch , her second time and my first . it was pretty crowded although it sounds like that 's pretty typical for joyride . we had a 45 minute wait that went by quickly thanks to the fresh squeezed margaritas and craft beer . my favorite drink was the cucumber margatprita with serranos and green tea syrup . but the star of the menu was the guacamole ... and i am a picky guacamole consumer . it was freshly made with chunks of avocado , sprigs of cilantro , and a few diced jalape\u00f1os . we ordered two batches . i also enjoyed the neet , pomegranate , green leaf salad and my friends were gushing over their shrimp tacos . all of these plus the fast , pleasant , and attentive service and attractive decor make joyride a hit . we ca n't wait to come back on our next trip to the valley ; what an excellent addition to downtown gilbert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after and 1.5 hour wait we got seated under a shedding tree . we ordered a burrito and a couple of tacos as well as guacamole . guacamole was a little different than typical but very tasty . enjoyed the chunks of avocado . my husband ate half his burrito and complained there was too much rice . that being said if was very tasty rice . little light on the chicken . i had the baja taco and a chicken one , both very tasty . i would come back to the joyride taco house . i would not bring my son though as he would need to order too many items to feel satisfied . fun restaurant with great food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to joy ride today and was disappointed . the service was wonderful and attentive but the ceviche did not really have much shrimp and the tacos were light in filling . the ceviche had maybe 2 shrimp for 12.5 not a great value . however , the shrimp that we did try was seasoned well and tasted great . the carne asada taco again , great flavor little meat . i began to wonder today with the lunch specials that they offer are they skimping other places ? bummer ... joy ride is one of my favorites places to go . i love the funky atmosphere and food but it not really living up to my experiences there . i hope that in the future they get back to where they used to be fusing all aspects of dining : great atmosphere , great tasting food and providing a great to good value .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've had a few family members say this is n't their favorite spot , but we loved it ! really great atmosphere and delicious tacos ! street corn was also very good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have gone to joyride couple of times with my bf and it 's always an amazing experience . the salsa is a very good start ( the best salsa i ever had i guess ) . i ordered 3 different kinds of tacos and all are fantastic in their own rights . the staffs are friendly and accommodating too.. we will go visit again for sure", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love them . but now charging $ 1.00 salsa and $ 2.00 for chips refills on a $ 50.00 tab for 3 people for food and drink ! seriously ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the place was really nice we sat outside on the patio which had the fire place and the lights made it cozy and comfy . the food was n't really that great the tacos were loaded with too much cabbage and veggies barely any meat and the nachos had the white magic sauce which was really gross maybe not for my taste buds . customer service was great !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a great time being checked on by 4 different employees just sitting at the bar . the bartender was friendly and helpful when deciding on what to order to eat . his name was alex and made sure everything came out quickly and to perfection", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the wait was longer than we would have liked , and we ended up getting in sooner than expected after we negotiated with the hostess . the food was great though !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the tacos ! can be noisy inside during busy times . i prefer to eat on their spacious patio in the cooler months . still one of my favorites places .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "happy hour is the best . the $ 5 margaritas are so good and strong . love the crispy fish and chicken tinga tacos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place . great food . kids loved taco tuesday experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! we had a $ 5 picture of an outstanding ipa and the best burritos we 've ever had . we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "impeccable margaritas ! bartenders were super friendly and the food was memorable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is to die for and happy hour rocks ! seriously one of my top five favs ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joyride , best fish tacos and good for welcoming moriah 's two new additions . also they were kind enough to make me coffee and bring everett regular and chocolate milk .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service was astoundingly attentive , seated immediately and drinks and chips to table within minutes . the braised tacos are fantastic ! will return often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the check-in seating system here is ridiculous . we stood by 3 vacant four top tables while they made two old ladies in front of us stand and wait for 15+ mins , then they finally gave up and sat them at the table that had been vacant the entire time . my mom has a hurt leg and she had to stand and wait even longer because it was too hot outside . then she all of a sudden they realized they did n't put my name in the ipad , so another two tables was sat in front of us . if it were n't for the good wait staff and food we would have left a lot earlier . they just kept pushing to send people outside and to the bar and saving the tables for special clients apparently . i should mention this was on a saturday at 1:30pm . the food and drinks were excellent and for that i give it another star .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my wife and i frequent joy ride . the waits are often long for a table but we 're usually lucky enough to find a spot at the bar . we 've never been disappointed with the food . most of the time , it 's really good and occasionally , amazing . the house cocktails , while not classic , are good in a spiked fruit juice kind of way . the atmosphere is awesome . bustling but not overly loud . when the weather is nice , the patio is a nice option . the music is right in my wheelhouse . prices are fair and sometimes a bargain . for instance , they do a 32 ounce pitcher of draft beer for somewhere around $ 7 . the beer selection , while not terribly craft-centric , has a few good choices , i.e . dale 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food , a little pricey . it 's always packed and honestly the food is not worth a 45 minute wait .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had been wanting to try this place since it is so close to me . there always seems to be a pretty good crowd there . went for dinner on 12 7 13 . service was good and the waitress was informative when we had questions because there are a few funky items on the menu . we asked if we could get the vegetable enchiladas without mushroom and the waitress said no because they are all pre made ? food was ok , everything is a la carte so it gets pretty pricey . not sure i 'll be back unless it 's just for drinks , just not for me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "charging for salsa refills is ridicules . they give you a very small amount with chips and do n't tell you to use it sparingly because no more salsa for you a unless you pay extra . it 's mexican food for crying out loud and you need salsa . rip off and i will not go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "kind of a crazy place during rush times ... but they did well in handling it all . we were seated within 20 mins ... and points for keeping track ... and making sure people were seated in the order of their arrival . food was really good . maybe the best mexican we 've had since moving to gilbert , az .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time in for dinner before my sisters graduation . i really enjoyed the decor . the burrito i ordered was surprisingly larger than i expected although it was pretty difficult to eat but a fork helped with that . only complaint really is the tight space and the music was way too loud . almost had to yell across the table . otherwise good , i 'll be back at some point to try some tacos .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely love joy ride . the atmosphere of the restaurant is great and the food is even better . i typically go in on the weekends and sometimes we have to wait a little bit to be seated but it is worth it . the chips and salsa are amazing , and normally i go for the tacos . crispy fish is my favorite . tortillas , batter , and sauces are so yummy . my only complaint is that sometimes with their style of service ( you do n't have one particular server , they all kind of split zones and help out ) , you end up telling multiple people `` no , i do n't need another refill '' or whatever the case is . but all in all , wonderful !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is good and the $ 5 alcohol special is nice . the tacos are really solid , but pricey for how small they are .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome tacos and food , a little expensive though . can get crowded and loud . would be a good place for a group of hearing impaired people that can communicate through sign language . which i actually did witness there when i went .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely the best tacos and tamales we 've ever eaten anywhere . adding to that , the service and atmosphere of this restaurant were both exceptional !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute , trendy new place . the food was so-so . the nachos were good and plentiful but the tacos were flavorless . there was a lot of ice in the drinks making the bill more expensive than it should be . the service was so-so - in fact it was slow and not so great at all . but it 's really , really cute . i love the environment and would go there again for the nachos .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been to this place several times now and i have had a good experience every time so far . the service is good and the tacos are tasty . to anyone who does n't eat meat - the vegetarian taco is so flavorful and delicious ! ! ! ! order a couple of these and a beverage ; ) i love how they fresh squeeze all their juices and the happy hour is a great deal . i recommend the fresco drink with fresh pineapple juice and tequila .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's amazing hear . always busy and there is a reason why . the tacos are perfect , the drinks are amazing , and i love the chips and salsa . if your just a party of 2 sometimes you can get into the bar fairly quickly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a cumulative review of about a dozen different experiences i 've had at joyride . the food is fantastic . the bartenders are talented . the customer service and management is awesome . in one particular instance , i screwed up my own order by not realizing it had beans on it . totally my fault . not only did the manager replace it , he did n't charge me for it either . these guys understand customer service and how to present an experience . i 'd say my only criticism is not something i can really hold against them , they 've very popular so there can be quite a wait sometimes during peak times . we try to visit at off-peak times . but again , i ca n't begrudge them for their own success , so i 'll still give them five stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our first visit . great place . i had the tacos and they were excellent . love the fresh made and thick corn tortillas . the fillings were awesome as well . i had chicken , carnitas and pork adobada ... all flavored very well with creative extras like radishes and cilantro and mexican slaw . my wife had the chicken burrito bowl . huge serving of scrumptious and creative flavors . the squash and chicken were perfectly cooked . service was top notch , as we had four different people stop by to help , bring food , refills , etc . we will definitely return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chase and the girl with the septum piercing were awesome . love this place for the great food and awesome service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fun spot but blaring music inside a small concrete space does n't work well . that said they have a decent 70 's - 90 's mix running on the night i was there . the chips and salsa were very good . crispy chips and spicy salsa . my wife does n't like it hot and they gave her tomatillo which was also delicious . she got a fish taco plus two chicken tacos . she liked hers and thought they were solid . i got the taco platter ( spicy chicken , carnitas and carne asada . the asada was basically charbroiled and in would have preferred the pork and chicken to be more unique meat ingredients versus stews . the beans and rice we both fine and avacado ripe . the blood orange margarita was the bomb so that helped everything ! i would go back and try some more street tacos and maybe a burrito and definitely sample the other margaritas .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tacos were good , nothing to rave about . none of the less a good dinner option for taco tuesday ( $ 2 taco ) . the chicken tinga was not spicy as i had anticipated based on the flame next to the option on the menu . be prepared to wait a good hour before being seated .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after two visits , it is just an ok experience . there is no real waiting area in this small place , and there is always a wait , even when they have two tables open and cleared . the prickly pear margarita was overly sweet with more syrup than tequila . i just wanted my tacos to be hot , and they never are . just no real reason to try again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yummy yummy margaritas . oh my goodness , we spend $ 25 just for drinks ( $ 5 each ) hahaha . they do n't skimp on alcohol or flavor in the drinks . the tacos are great , but seem a bit small , especially when they 're full price ( $ 3.50- $ 4.50 ) . although , the sides are huge and hearty ! your pocketbook will thank you if you come in when the tacos are $ 2 though . they really do have great service here , everyone was eager to help us . no one said `` this is n't my section table job '' . i 've been here before and i 'm sure i 'll come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an awesome spot . it 's fancy but does n't lose the authentic mexican food you crave . servers are great and the vibe is fun . i 'd definitely try the cheese quesadilla and the beast burrito might be the best burrito around , just sayin .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great tacos and drinks . ca n't go wrong with free chips and salsa . fish tacos are my favorite !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service and food . our visit was on point . they have a nice menu selection and everything we ordered appeared to be prepared fresh . the restaurant also gets five stars for design and ambience . in the area ? just go ! place attached next door they own as well and it 's all good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was pretty good , spilled salsa and it was cleaned right away . ordered a non alcoholic beverage ( underage ) and waitress brought a mojito fresca drink . chips were good , guacamole okay . fish tacos had no flavor . even tasted gross and overly fishy . i either think everyone giving 5 stars has really bad taste and doesnt know what a good fish taco tastes like , or my fish taco was bad .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "2nd trip and not disappointed . wait staff super friendly and responsive . tacos are amazing with grilled shrimp and pork adobada being a tie for 1st . local beer on tap which i think is important and dog friendly for the dog crowd .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we enjoyed our lunch here on the patio on a sunday afternoon . the complimentary chips were so tasty it convinced me to order the nachos ... which are made with different ( and in my opinion , not as good ) chips . what ! ? service was so-so , food was better than so-so but not great . there 's a strong chance we 'll come back but it 's definitely not a top choice in gilbert for mexican , we find some of the other options much better for us .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such great food for reasonable prices ! i 'd have to say the mexican food really tastes authentic . unfortunately , this place is always packed- which really would n't be a problem if the staff here were more organized . every time i come i really hope for a better experience with my waiter each time , but instead i find myself looking for someone to make eye contact with me to place an order , ask a question , etc . it always kind of feels like my table has been forgotten . like i said , such a shame because the food really is so good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the decor and surroundings are fun and inviting but , the food and service was average . we had the enchiladas and tacos that were just so , so . they never brought more chips and salsa and they never refilled our drinks . now , we never asked but having two daughters that work in the restaurant industry , i know what 's expected . would i go back ? probably not , unless i was with friends that wanted to go . i would much rather have socal tacos right down the street for half the price and ten times better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love joyride ! great atmosphere , great food , great service . this is a fun date-night kind of place or good to go with a small group as well . the fish tacos are delicious , their beet salad is exceptional as well . i wanted to love the tortilla soup but sadly was disappointed with that , but this place is a taco house , and they do tacos well so that 's alright with me ! my husband loves their burritos , and their agua frescas are delicious . get the strawberry one and add malibu rum ... you wo n't be disappointed ! : ) update : they took all their ahi tuna dishes off the menu ( appetizers , tacos ) , which was my favorite thing to order there sometime last year . have n't been back as frequently and hoping they bring those dishes back ! they were awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't understand the rave reviews . the food is moderately fresh , but the recipes are weird and the portions are tiny . i do n't know if it 's because i keep ordering the wrong things ( tacos ) , but after 3 attempts here , my husband and i gave up . it seemed really gringo , and not not-mexican-but-not-bad gringo like chipotle , but not-mexican-but-not-good gringo like chile 's , the chain restaurant . so if you feel like a hipster , expensive , gilbert edition of on-the-border because you 've too scared to go to mexico or even just mesa so you do n't know the difference , go for it . it reminded me of the time i went to nogales and ate at place serving pizza - people get delighted at the idea that they 're eating other people 's food even when it has nothing even remotely to do with it . if you like decently fresh , authentic mexican fare , i think you 'll be more impressed with the patio than the food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been here on several occasions and i 've always enjoyed the experience . the outdoor area looks like it 's current under construction , but if it remains pretty similar , it 's an ideal place to hang out and catch up with friends . inside is a little loud with music . i usually get the tacos but friends have always liked their food too . the churros and the agua frescas are amazing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic service ! staff was extremely attentive ! our waiter , justin , was phenomenal . love him ! i would recommend to anyone looking for good drinks and better service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never had bad service tacos have all been great.. tried most mexican 75 is the best margarita house salsa is yummy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we decided to stop here after finding it on yelp - so glad we did . the atmosphere is casual , but not overly so . our server , taylor , was one of the most knowledgable and bubbly servers i 've ever had . she knew about all the food and had great recommendations ( based on our tastes ) and even made me feel just fine for ordering an item plain ( standard taco with just chicken and cheese ) . the blood orange margarita is phenomenal and not terribly priced . i highly recommend the `` better than betty 's '' dessert - it 's brownie , ice cream , caramel , and walnuts but oh man . so delicious . if you 're in the area - make it a point to check this place out ... ask for taylor ( this is extremely important ) ... and get some dessert . you 'll thank me for it later . ugh ... so full .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service is great very clean environments food very good salsas are excellent.if i could give it a 4.5", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my first time here ... i absolutely love tacos . by far the best ones i 've had yet : ) and we ca n't forget our awesome server tim ! thanks for the great service ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok i visited this place twice on my 2 day vaca in arizona , did n't even want to check other mexican places . sorry . their tacos are to die for . perfect mix of flavors and the size is decent . they serve free chips and salsa with your order . i was not so amazed with margaritas , so sweet ! but with a small modification it was just fine . great happy hour ! love the decor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had a lot of mexican food over the years , some good and some not so good . the joyride ranks up there with some of the best . having had the 3 taco combo i choose the `` standard , baja fish & pork . '' while the standard and baja were out of this world the pork was just ok , not my fav at this time . will need to try it again . the deserts , while only 3 choices available , we choose 2 of the 3 and they were an `` oral orgasm . '' the service exceptional , the ambiance trey kool and the food the best ! i 'll be back ! ! ; ~ ) }", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place , food , service and employees all rock ! one of the managers ( chandler ) always goes above and beyond ... as do his employees . i highly recommend the tacos or just hanging out there for sunday bloody mary 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in the past i 've been impressed with this business - not anymore . waiter argumentative . the stack of appetizer plates appeared clean , but were covered in grease and previous food - the fresh napkin with fork was also dirty because of the unclean plate . we were a party of four , but only received one bowl of chip pieces ( some unbroken chips on top were covering the pieces ) . when asked for another bowl , we were told there was a charge ! we noticed that tables of two received the same sized bowl . as far as we know no manager was present . food was good , however , but in today 's newspaper this business was shown as having several health violations . we can understand why . oh , and we saw a waitress placing fruit pieces in drinks with her bare hands .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of my favorite spots in downtown gilbert . i love the inside outside feel . you ca n't beat the taco tuesday deal ! ! go for the tomatillo ( green ) hot sauce . it 's a little less spicy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joyride tacos were amazing and being hispanic i can honestly say they are very authentic the salsa is amazing and their black beans are really really good ! i was there to days in a row ! the carne asada tacos were my favorite i did not care for the breaded fish but i got a taco replaced without charge which was really really nice the service was excellent and the atmosphere was great ! i would definitely go there again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food ! i came 2 nights in a row while in gilbert . i would give it more than 5 stars if i could ! all food is made fresh on premises , you can tell ! great service , great atmosphere , great prices , but most amazing food ! the sweet mexican corn was my favorite . you can also tell tortillas are homemade = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , i do n't understand all the positive reviews this place has . i 've been there twice now and both times it was truly the worst customer service i 've had at a restaurant bar in recent memory . both times we 've waited at least 10 minutes after sitting down for anyone to come by and take drink orders , had at least 4 different people serving us through the course of our meal and felt like total inconveniences for the staff . the last time i was there i ordered a vodka cranberry and i kid you not , the waitress said `` is that on the menu ? '' i just stared at her and said , umm.. i 'm not sure . i did n't look at the drink menu '' . a vodka cranberry ? really ? the only things i like about joyride are the location and the food is great too . however , with such terrible customer service i 'll eat food i like less elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fun vibe and great staff . we came for happy hour and sat at a booth in their indoor outdoor dining room . free chips and salsa all night long . drinks ranged from good to great . love the $ 5 mini-pitchers . i forgot how much i like the san tan epicenter , which i used to order from postino next door . some of the cocktails were a little sweet for my liking but they offered good pours . the aguas frescas tasted good too but i had to ask for some extra kick from the not-as-strong liqueurs . ca n't say anything about food other than it seemed overpriced . irrelevant side note : i really enjoyed the wheel knobs on the bathroom sinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love $ 2 taco tuesday ! i want to give more stars , but honestly , every time i 'm here , i 've had to yell to speak to the people at my table . the music is so loud ! ! also , the waiter never resumed my water !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you have lived in phoenix for 30 + years , you would agree that gilbert might not be worth a special trip for anything since you can get just about everything in phoenix ! well , hello gilbert ! it has totally redone the downtown strip and it is lined with great restaurants like joyride . my first time in there , tayk took such good care of me ! great recommendations , suggestions for next time , and more.. she was totally passionate about her craft and it made me want to try everything on the menu . i had tacos ( of course ) and the corn ... amazing . oh , and the blood orange margarita was absolutely perfect ! i will be going back for taco tuesday ! ! ! see you there ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hip atmosphere , hip employees , hip music , hip location , mediocre food at rockefeller prices . meh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my family loves joyride 's food . but the service is sometimes a little disappointing . today we had the best visit we 've had in a long time . the server ( who i think is new ) was great . my carne asada taco was the best i 've ever had there . the bar is set high for our next visit , which will probably be soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we live in awhatukee but take the drive to gilbert for this amazing place ! what a unique and fun place to go relax in or outside . the vibe is cool and contemporary . the food is excellent and has a vast array of choices , the street tacos are out of bounds . the mexican corn is unlike anything i have had . we have had cisco 3 times and he is nothing short of a superstar he can do a hundred things at one time and very attentive . this last weekend not only did we eat there for lunch we brought back a newcomer and friend the next day . this place is a gem", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after giving this place two times , i will not be returning . the margaritas are like juice and not at all worth the price . bartender was rude and clearly not liking his job . i tried to give them a little slack since it was taco tuesday , but there are way better places out there without the long wait and much better drinks and service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "joyride is overpriced mexican food , and does n't even have as much flavor as many of their less expensive competitors in the east valley . tacos the size of my wife 's palm should not be $ 4.50 each , especially considering the unimpressive flavors ( of the shrimp and crispy fish ) . the `` mexican coleslaw '' tasted like regular coleslaw and was a dripping wet addition to a lackluster taco . the lunch special ordered was $ 9.75 for two tiny tacos , and a bowl of soup . chips and salsa are complimentary but i felt the salsa was overwhelmed by onions . the tortilla soup was good , i do admit , and is the only thing i 'd go back for . the service at lunch was attentive and they have an extensive bar menu , so i believe the target audience is for hipsters having a night out , rather than those looking for a delicious and filling meal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "decided to check out joyride since we are addicted to mexican food in our family . we tried the mexican street corn and it was delicious but the rest of the food did n't live up to the hype . i 'd eat here again but i honestly suggest eating at another taco place downtown .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wanted to like this place more . the food was just ok. we all liked the guacamole but the tacos were nothing special and the rice that came with it was gross . how can a taco house have bad rice ? the location is great . our server was friendly but not attentive and we ended up waiting a long while for our bill . i 'll just sum it up and say we wo n't be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome salsa , strong drinks , tasty tacos , and a fun atmosphere . we tried 5 different types of tacos and i have nothing bad to say about any of them . i ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great mexican spot in phoenix . loved the complimentary chips and salsa that arrived piping hot as soon as i was seated . the salsa was amazing . great assortment of items on the menu , amd honestly , everything sounded delicious . i opted for the beast in a bowl , which was carne asada , beans , avocado , salsa and rice , along with a side order of veggies , which i was told was roasted tomatoes but when it got here , they were actually fried brussel sprouts . loved the interior , the folks working behind the bar , and the food too of course . almost considered coming here the very next day for their $ 2 taco tuesdays ! will have to wait for next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best shrimp tacos and atmosphere . our favorite place for out of town guests and date night .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for a date night with my husband . we sat on the patio . it was nice and the food was very good ! we each ordered a bunch of the different tacos and also some sides of rice and beans . i had a margarita that was amazing ! the service could have been better though - our server only came by to check on us once and we had to wait for 5-10 mins when we were done eating for her to come with our bill . not sure if that was because it was a busy friday night . overall a great experience though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the chips and salsa but wish you did n't have to pay for refills of it . service can be slow waiting to get drinks but food always comes out fast once you place your order . great atmosphere to enjoy drinks and or friends . take out is always good on busy nights too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh my land ... . the tacos here are phenomenal . loved the shrimp taco , the fish taco , and the carne asada taco . the guacamole is amazing as well . service is very attentive and they were really busy when we visited . the beer selection is small but good , and the place has a wonderfully friendly vibe . we loved it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "downtown gilbert is trying to step up their game with all these new places to eat . if tacos are your thing joyride is a great place to go . they have a taco for everyone and are happy to make a taco any way you want it . my fav is the shrimp and my hubs was the braised beef . the tortilla soup was delish . nice atmosphere , clean , but service was a bit slow and i was confused about who my server was . two nice outdoor patios . ill go back ... .i like tacos .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i dig it . the tacos were really good . i was n't a huge fan of the chicken taco but we tried the carnitas , the other pork option that i ca n't recall the name of and the carne asada and those were all really good . the guac was also good . i really like the outdoor area and will love to try it out when it cools down . the interior is small , but comfortable . the servers were really attentive and polite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am biased . i love this place . i love the atmosphere and the service . the wait staff is great . my glass in never empty and the chips keep coming . it is priced a little high ... but well worth it to me . the quality of the food is great and the carne asada is a favorite . the el capitan torta is amazing . i can eat about 6 of them without blinking . that 's why i 'm fat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the beast burrito so much that i rarely stray from it but could n't resist going for the lunch special which is choice of 2tacos and half size soup or salad for under $ 10 . the patio is perfect for an alfreso lunch on a sunny afternoon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their tacos seem more experimental than a good humble taco . their guacamole is pretty bland too . i would come back for drinks only because they are pretty good . overall it 's a beautiful restaurant and its a nice hang out spot with a group of friends .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we received a gift card and went back to try joyride again . we have been back 3 times since my first review . we obviously love the tacos , because we keep coming back . definitely go on tuesday or during happy hour for $ 2 tacos ! the service is still hit or miss , sometimes it is good , sometimes you have to ask for things multiple times . you never know how its gon na be . we try something new every time we go ... .the beans ... huge disappointment , do n't waste your money ! the cheese y mas is very good ! ! not worth the normal price of $ 9.00 ( outrageous ) , but we will get it again during happy hour for $ 4.00 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decent food , drinks are good , nice ambiance . service and food has been hit or miss for me . i love tacos but this is n't my to go to place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we love this place . great food - we 've tried every taco option there is ! the manager is always extremely friendly and welcoming . great serving staff . awesome place for families - we have two very small children and are easily accommodated .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic ! great place to take your friends . the music is on point playing trap real good hype stuff you can vibe to . the staff will treat you right and get you set right away and if anything is wrong they will not hesitate to fix it immediately and we had multiple staff members constantly checking in and i appreciate the customer service ! our group went in late almost closing time and they took care of us as if it were any other time . the food is worth the trip as well -very delicious and well done , they have some pros cooking for them . a real gourmet taco that serves bomb a carne asada ( so my friend says-meets `` grandma '' standards ) and they have vegetarian options that they also made vegan for me . they were very accommodating with options and substitutions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is incredible . the salsa that was served with the chips was actually spicy , which i have never experienced at any mexican restaurant ever before . i ordered a raspberry-ancho margarita and the veggie enchiladas , both of which were absolutely delicious . i tried some of the carne asada from my friends beast burrito and enjoyed that as well . i wish there was one of these in california - favorite food spot in az so far !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super deluxe , delicious taco centric fare with a modern healthy take and margaritas . waited outside for about thirty minutes on a busty saturday night . no problem , because the host takes drink orders and there 's ample seating to wait . busy night overall and a definite hot spot . service was great carried by a hosting staff that supports the floor with deliveries , drinks and table turns . awesome food . tacos excellent . cucumber serrano margarita , the bomb . ca n't believe our three year old slept through it all . note : noise level due to busy dining room and bar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely the best tacos i 've had in years ! ! ! we enjoyed sitting outside for lunch in downtown gilbert where you can find many new eateries that are also very , very good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "holy cow this place was so bomb . first off , everyone needs to get the almond horchata . i do n't trust a person who tries the joyride horchata and does n't like it . the tacos are unbelievably tasty . literally , does n't matter which one you get . orgasm in your mouth . make sure you get the habanero salsa also if you are a spicy fan . it does spicy salsa justice , and then some . ca n't wait to come down and get more tacos ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cold tacos , watered down drinks . not a single mexican person in this place . service was decent .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have heard great things about this place from friends and have seen a line out the door several times , but i was n't impressed like i expected to be . the food was okay , but i do n't see myself wanting to go back there again . it was super hot in there because of all of the glass , and our server only gave me refills when i asked . i also do n't like how you have pay for any salsa refills when every other mexican restaurant provides free unlimited chips and salsa . the salsa ran out really quickly especially if you have 4 people with you . i will say that the place was packed though , so maybe it 's just me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent tacos . only one veggie option though . margarita was yum as well . i give 4 stars because for a teeny tiny bowl guacamole they charged $ 8 ! go on tuesday , and do n't order guacamole . it 's totally worth the long wait .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent service , great recommendations , yummy tacos , and happy hour at noon . they just need a queso dip and i 'd give them 6 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place to eat dinner ! everyone was so nice and the food was delicious ! we had the street tacos and nachos . everything had a lot of flavor and was super fresh ! the wait staff and manager were the nicest of any restaurant i 've been too . will definitely go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i are moving to gilbert from chandler so decided to try a new date night place . we were both very hungry but knew joyride had good reviews so we went to put our name on the waitlist . hubby got a little cranky because there was a long wait but we were seated out on their back patio , it was so beautiful with the trees and lights ! once our food arrived he admitted that the wait was well worth it and the food was amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had to see what hype was about ! ! a little bummed the chips were not gluten free : ( but the iced tea is delicious ! the atmosphere is super fun and retro . the food was outstanding . tons of flavor and filling ! highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i heard about this place from multiple family and friends who have raved about it so i finally decided to see what all the fuss was about . well let 's just say i was not real impressed with the food but the service was really good ! the street tacos were n't terrible but nothing great . i think sandbar has better tacos , especially the carnitas . good prices , good service , good chips and salsa with a cool atmosphere gives it 4 stars", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went to joyride a couple of times over the past few weeks . the tacos are all pretty tasty . my favorite is the shrimp taco . we also tried the nachos and the guacamole . both were quite tasty . the ambience of this place is pretty great as well . nice open space . it can get pretty loud and crowded , especially on the weekends . all in all i think joyride is tasty and a fun place to eat . i 'd go back for sure and would recommend it to most .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i enjoyed this place quite a bit . i had three different types of tacos . i liked the carne asada best . the meat had a slightly asian flavor due to the marinade that my wife did n't care for . my wife liked the veggie taco . this place has a cool funky vibe . be prepared to wait there is always a ton of people .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pros : almond horchata was good , as was the strawberry agua fresca , nice atmosphere with indoor outdoor seating . free chips salsa , manager stopped by to check up , carne asada was the best of the 3 i tried . cons : tacos were small , one very sloppy greasy , did n't like the flavor of the adobado one , waitress seemed snobby", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is a gem . i took a friend here for a little birthday celebration and we had a great time ! staff here is so friendly and sweet and i do n't know how they could improve . just super ! it was taco tuesday and all were pretty good . they have their own twist on fresh mexican cuisine . their margaritas were killer . one in particular stood way out . it is the cucumber . fresh , smokey , and balanced . just great . will be back to try more of menu . churros were delish too . nice vibe . demographics were across the board which makes for excellent people perch spot too . will be back . update : the food is inconsistent . went back on friday and the steak burrito was grisly and bland . they swapped for a chicken and that was bland and sparse meat ... all for 12 bucks ... drink here , but food needs help .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great ambience , good food , fun place to hang with friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is has a nice atmosphere both inside and outside . my boys got the kids meal with the chicken tacos . they did not care for the tacos that had beans mixed in them . we ordered the standard , carne asada , and the fried fish tacos . the tacos were ok along with the mexican cold slaw . i think i was looking for more of a mexican taste . the food is healthy but just not for was . the place was nice to try ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for a great happy hour and great food i would recommend joyride ! on to too it off the service is amazing ! i will defiantly be coming back here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had a lot of fish tacos , and the crispy fish taco topped the chart . recommended : order 2 crispy fish tacos , one standard taco , and get your free side order of cucumber orange salad . atmosphere : 9 10 ( good music , out doors , lights ) food : 9 10 ( crispy fish and standard taco ) price : 6 10 ( little pricey for what you get ) service : 9 10 ( they have text alerts for seating ! ) good stuff , definitely worth going to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family and i came for taco tuesday , and we got all around great service and food . first they provided is a spot to park our stroller because it did n't fit by our table . we ordered and the food came quickly , the sissy refills were on point too ( i believe our servers name was taylor ) . i had three tacos with three different types of meat which were delicious . the carnitas was my favorite . the tortillas even seemed hand made . the place had really cool art on the wall . i saw some star wars stuff which is always cool . the only thing i kinda bothered me was that the music was too loud because it took away from having a conversation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stay away ! ! ! my kids took me there for my 45 birthday and they sat us in a booth with so many flies the manager had to come over with bug spray and spray the window. ! ! the pesticide was so strong they had to move us to other booth she had just sprayed . there were dead flies everywhere . needless to say when our food came we had to fight the flies for it . the dessert was horrible , the drinks were garbage and they would n't offer to take it back . not a good bday ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tried this place out after finding it while in the downtown gilbert area , went for hh and the prices were good and he food and service was great . we tried multiple tacos and the veggie burrito and everything was really good . even the chips and salsa surpassed expectations , although a side note on that , only the first basket bowl is free . plenty of options we will definitely be going back and soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love this place ! ! great tacos , great salads , great ahi stacks , great salsa , great drinks ( and like the non alcoholic options as well ) , great lunch specials , great service . i wish there was one in the tempe scottsdale area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst service ever , had to find someone to get chips , drink refills and pay the bill even after asking the server . appetizer corn was cold , beast burrito so so . never going back ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was a lot smaller inside than i expected but they have a patio i will definitely check out when it 's cooler . came on a tuesday at 5:30 and told we had a 20 minute wait but it ended up more like 45 minutes . not a big deal since we brought our drinks outside . the margaritas tasted fresh and are on special for $ 5 on tuesdays along with tacos . i 'll be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did a fast lunch here . not too bad but a bit pricy for 2 tacos , 1 2 salad and an iced tea . $ 14 it all was good including salsa and chips . for this price i would expect at least 3 tacos or larger than the street taco sized tacos they did serve . no doubt you 're paying for decorum and location more so than food . not bad but not great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "long wait times , better than average taco 's , great fun atmosphere", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just went to joyride with the man friend ; ) and we had an amazing time . what they have in limited menu selections they make up for in extreme flavor and unexpected flavors ( can you say roasted pumpkin seeds ? ? ) . their alcohol menu is great with the addition of the agua frescas and their full bar . billy is an amazing server ; her `` indian jones '' hat was very `` raiders of the lost ark '' and not `` temple of doom '' . she was very knowledgable about the menu and made our experience great . hey manager- keep her in mind ! you 've got a great one on your hands ! thank you , joyride ! we 'll definitely be back , hoping to see billy and her fun attitude and fashion trends . we love you ! -melissa", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is affordable , and nce kid friendly outdoor seating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love , love , love the food ! ! ! tons of healthy choices ! so fresh and delicious ! ! ! ! awesome staff ! very attentive , friendly and on top if it ! ! ! going back and taking every friend i have ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . amazing food & great service . the happy hour is totally worth it . they are always so friendly with our kids and usually remember us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just go here . it 's that good . the tacos are bomb , the veggie burrito is great , the drinks are so good . try the mazatlan mule ! try everything . chill atmosphere , fun location , just all around good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as far tacos go i have n't had anything better and i lived in scottsdale for a few years and tried everything . only taking a star away because we 've had a few occasions where they got our order mixed up", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place . we do work happy hours here and all and enjoy their margaritas , tacos and mexican street corn ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! was n't really feeling mexican food but the restaurant next door had an hour wait and we were hungry . since we have had mexican a lot lately i choose the beet salad which was amazing ! very fresh and yummy ! the guacamole was fresh and de lish ! street corn to die for ! i had a bite of the ahi fish tacos and loved it ! the staff was friendly and accommodating ! gm even stopped by our table to say hi ! water never empty . great place and we will return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped in for lunch . great atmosphere , very busy . we sat at the bar and were greeted promptly and given chips and salsa . i ordered the shrimp and crispy fish tacos . hubby tried the carnitas tacos . my shrimp taco was very disappointing . out of the 3 shrimp two had pieces of shell on them and one was burned to a crisp . i asked the bartender if it was customary to leave the shells on the shrimp . he said yes . i said are you sure and i showed him the tail of one of the shrimp . he took it to his manager who said that they would replace the taco . the next one was cooked correctly . overall the food is pretty average nothing special . they do have happy hour price drinks until 5 pm so that was a nice bonus .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love love love this place , definitely my go to place for happy hour , i tried almost all the margarita drinks they offer for happy hour and they were all good . my favorite is the watermelon margarita . also , the tacos are so good , i have tried almost all of them as well and the ones i 've tries so far are so good . definitely , coming back to try everything else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been huge fans of joyride since they opened . today was disappointing . they now charge for chip salsa refills . they added rice to the burritos as filler . hoping they go back to what made it so good before the menu change last month .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here with some girlfriends for a girls night out and our service was impeccable . the menu is pretty small and i am a very picky eater , so i did have a bit of a hard time choosing something ( which is why i am only giving it 3 stars ) , but i ended up with a cheese quesadilla and it was very good . all in all it was a nice place with great service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tacos are really good ... when they have happy hour . otherwise kind of expensive . sides and drinks were awesome ! outside seating and inside seating are both fun ! i think the fish tacos were my fave .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great happy hour spot in downtown gilbert . during happy hour ( 2-6pm ) , there is a good selection of fish tacos and $ 5 margaritas . i 've had three types of tacos : the standard , carnitas , and fish . the fish was by far the best ; it was crispy and the fish was cooked perfectly . the standard and carnitas tacos are decent , but not memorable . i pleasantly surprised at how strong the blood orange margarita as for $ 5 , i expected a watered down one . the churros and chocolate are good as well . not exactly authentic , but a good spot nonetheless . only real complaint was that they were skimpy with the salsa and guacamole .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to have a quick bite and a beer only if you 're sitting at the bar otherwise you 're going to have a long wait", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was so disappointed with my experience here because i was so looking forward to it from looking at reviews and pictures on yelp . the menu looks amazing so i had high expectations . the service was n't great , slow and sloppy . although the drinks and food look amazing , the taste was terrible . do n't order the watermelon margarita ! the veggie enchiladas looked perfect but the taste was just not good . i wo n't be coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! ! ! it 's our first night here and we were n't greeted for about 10 minutes at our table , the manager comes up to us and comps are our meal the best customer service i 've seen ever ! ! ! ! plus to tacos are off the hook ! ! ! nothing taco bell about this place yummy ! ! ! deeply satisfied : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well ... my review is 100 % based on service , as my husband and i did not order food just drinks , however gabriel was so welcoming and made us want to come back for dinner . we frequently stroll downtown gilbert , but we usually visit postinos or other restaurant 's in the area . we had our dog with us today and we were looking for a dog friendly place to stop and have a drink or two . so glad we stoped here the service was far beyond excellent . we will definitely return . every single staff member made us feel like we were part of the fam ! great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the tacos here . they are street tacos and you can get them just about anyway you like . i have to mention the charred habanero salsa . wow is all i can say . it is hot ( it is habanero after all ) but that charred part just adds some super flavor to it . the staff was super friendly and as we waited for a table outside they had a server taking and bringing drink orders . that is awesome and all restaurants should be that way . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing drinks , great food . never had a bad experience . except one time there was a lot of flies during the day . other than that all food so far is delish and drinks are too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we waited about 15 minutes for a table for 4 outside , not too terrible . ambiance of the place is excellent . i loved the coconut margarita . i also tried the blood orange marg after seeing it mentioned in several reviews , but i thought it tasted a little soap-y . thankfully , they were great about swapping it for another coconut one when i told them i was n't a fan . my friends ordered the house margaritas + they were happy with theirs as well . tacos were hearty - no skipping on fillings - and we were happy with everything we ordered as far as flavor . my one major complaint was the speed of service . we waited a long time in between any attention from our server . the manager ( i think ? ) was much more attentive and ended up taking our order , among other things , when our server was missing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yummy ! the watermelon marg was amazing . great chips and salsa , and great tacos ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love their tacos and just about everything else . this is a chill place to hang out on date night or with friends . their drinks are delicious too ! highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very cool environment , great staff who have earned their chops at postinos and windsor downtown ( great to see familiar faces ) . have been here several times with friends and each time very nice . i had tamales and they were tasty but a little dry , asked for some enchilada sauce - excellent . good food , house salsa is super tasty , margs are excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first of all , i used the `` add to waitlist '' feature on their yelp page and it was awesome ! we arrived just in time and got seated immediately ! my friend and i each ordered 3 tacos . my friend loved her fish taco that the waitress recommended and i really loved the shrimp tacos ! i was a little sad that my taco shells fell apart and they became pretty messy . i would request flour tortillas next time ! they have really good tequila and margaritas as well ! it is quite loud in there at night so if your looking for an intimate setting , this probably is n't it . but this is a great place to go with a group of friends ! will definitely go again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for happy hour . plenty of options for $ 2 tacos and killer margaritas for $ 5 . highly recommend the street corn , which was awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "joy ride has great tacos and margaritas . i had a carne asada taco , carnival taco , standard taco and crispy fish . each one was well built and the flavors melded nicely . none of the meat was dry . the service was great and the building its self was cool . i would go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great happy hour taco 's ! two-words of advice : queso fundido .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their service surpasses their food , but that is n't a bad thing because their food is pretty dang good . they have a decent selection of food and similar to their company sibling positions , have achieved a remarkable atmosphere that makes ya ' just want to relax . joyride is a decent place to grab some gourmet tacos .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is amazing . and healthy ! i had the nutty cabra salad with chicken and it was wonderful ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! ! the staff was friendly and accommodating . we kept chasing the shade and they accommodated . the tacos were off the chain- delish ! carne asada , fish , carnitas , it 's all great ! i plan to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here on a saturday night with my girlfriends . we waited approximately 20 minutes for a table but not bad compared to everywhere else around there which were quoting an hour or more wait ! ! we were seated outside and the ambiance was so relaxing . we ordered nachos , one of the burritos , guacamole , and each ordered a taco ! ! the food was absolutely delicious ! ! good food with good people made for a great night ! ! will definitely return in the future : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food but i 've been up for a few hours with what seems to be food poisoning . this is all i 've eaten out of the norm .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "multiple varieties of tacos , carne and standard chicken are the best . their happy hour is great and the drinks are even better . service is fast and friendly . nice outside seating as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best taco house ! we are regulars , visiting every saturday for lunch for $ 5 pitchers of beer and $ 5 pineapple mojitos . our waitresses editors always have out drink order memorized . we love the carne tacos , chicken tinga tacos , mexican street corn and the cheesy mas to start . our daughter loves the virgin prickly pear lemonade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok if there was a 3 1 2 stars that is what i would have given it . love the decor and rocking 80 's music . service was very good . great deal on pitchers of beer . chips and house salsa are very good as well . now the ok stuff . tacos were pretty good . i had the chicken tinga . it was suppose to have `` magic white sauce '' but mine apparently did n't have it . on a side note , maybe that is a good thing since joyride taco house seems like a name for a porno shop . chicken tinga was a little bland , likely better with the magic sauce . carne asada taco was good . i personally thought it was a bit pricey for what you got . bottom line is that i would return to drink beer and have chips and salsa especially since we found out the one patio is dog friendly . i would say give it a try . never know you may get the magic white sauce . ; )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "super tasty tacos , salsa , and my favorite is the beet , papaya , goat cheese salad and add shrimp ! so good ! ! it is busy and it 's a bummer when it 's super busy because it can become a servers frenzy , but so worth it once you eat the food ! like the venue as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place does have a nice atmosphere , but the fish tacos were average . this is a nice place to grab a drink while waiting for a table at postinos next door .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great customer service . i went with a friend of mine that has food allergies and ordered the vegetarian platter and did not see it came with beans ( part of his allergies ) when we told the server we messed up he worried more about us having a great experience then the cost of the food , comped the mistake and the remake . places do n't just do that anymore . then we went up to the bar and the bar tenders are just as personable , when we asked for a shot that they did n't have the stuff for they improvised , and introduced us to a new shots we have never had and ended up being amazing . thanks chase ! great place to visit or repeat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . their margaritas are good , they have delicious vegetarian options , and great mexican brunch . my only grip is i wish they opened earlier !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love that gilbert az is coming up in the world . when i moved to chandler , 6 years ago , finding a decent local restaurant was a pipe dream ! now we have postino and joyride . god bless craig demarco and lauren bailey for bringing us these restaurants . love the hipster atmosphere , margaritas , fresh agua frescos , crispy fish taco , the fila salad , and do n't event get me started on the churros . btw , if you ask , they will bring you fresh caramel for the churros and you will pretty much think of nothing else for the next 3 days .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tacos were very overpriced for what they were . waitress could not have cared less we were there . smelled . boo .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the service was good from checking in to paying our bill . loved the open feeling even while sitting inside . food and drinks were excellent and priced well . all in all a great experience and will be coming back next time we 're in town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "phew , it 's pricey . $ 3.50 for a mini taco . atmosphere is good , staff is . .. hipster . chips were a bit stale and my drink was not the best . it cost my husband and i $ 50 for the 3 mini tacos , nachos and a drink a piece . the have a really good outdoor area and is great for the young professional but if you go the to eat and not socialize , best to go someplace out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the tacos and the black beans here are delicious ! they also have extended happy hour from 11-5pm which is fun for lunch ! really cool atmosphere and friendly wait staff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been regularly coming back ! good modern mexican food and good service . the enchiladas , tacos , and street corn are favorites . also , taco tuesday is a great deal for trying new flavors . usually a wait for the food , but worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is great ! service is awesome . loved their burrito and the constant free refills . pricing is a little steep though . still , recommended !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to joyride for dinner last night to give it a shot for the first time . they have a simple menu but pricey for mexican food ; they will nickel and dime you to death on sides that you would ordinarily get with your meal at other mexican food restaurants , so make sure you ask before you get your bill . my $ 12 burrito was nothing to write home about and the `` refills '' for their aguas frescas ( no alcohol ) are not free ( it would be nice to know ahead of time ) . what you are really paying for is the ambiance , the d\u00e9cor , loud music , their indoor outdoor concept and their cool hip staff which provide good service . i felt fleeced when we received our bill for almost $ 50 for 3 tacos a burrito , churros and our $ 10 agua fresca . in my humble opinion , if you still care about the food and want great value for your hard earned money nando 's caf\u00e9 is still a hidden gem in gilbert .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i heard all of the hype about this restaurant so i tried going there with my friends 2 times now . both times we had great service . 5-stars in that section , very nice and attentive . the -2 stars are for the pricing vs. the quantity for food . you can easily rack your bill up here for some of the most standard dishes . food itself is good . drinks are good . but i can not believe how much the menu items are . the wow-factor was not there for me unfortunately . however , it is worth trying once if you 're looking to splurge on a night out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i come here all the time . it 's one of my favorite places . the decor is lovely and the music is always good . the food is delish but can be pricey . happy hour is from 2-6 and i highly recommend going at that time . the nachos are amazing . the service at the bar can be hit or miss . they are always busy and they can tend to be inattentive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing tacos ! ! fun and casual environment ! i eat here regularly and prices are very reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the food here . great variety of tacos -- love taco tuesday . i really like the fish tacos . blood orange margarita is very good . nice happy hour . service is great , casual . nice outdoor seating area . love the ambience and energy in here . a younger demographic then postino 's next door if that matters . my hubby had a burrito that was great . wish i could remember which one .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not a fan , too expensive and the food is below average . everyone raved about this place so we had to try it . fail , i 'll never go back . staff was n't exactly friendly or attentive either . not a great selection and if you really want good street tacos go to lulu 's for 1 2 the price", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food ! not the best customer service . i 've been three times and each time the waiter has forgotten something i 've ordered . will go again just for the food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food . we have been a couple times with our toddler and she loves the rice and little chicken tacos . service could be better at host station . one of them tried to push past my little one and i and did n't say excuse me . nearly bumped into us . no manners . hipster waitresses were ok . pretty much what i expect from them . looking cool but not great at pretending they care that we have a good experience . still , the food is really good so we will be back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was simply craving a fish taco when my husband recommend this new place he drove by the other day . i love the food and can not get enough . as such i am willing to pay $ 4 for a taco . the guacamole alone will keep you coming back night after night . i can not bring myself to eat inside as the facility is cramped and so loud . we always enjoy our visit on the patio . i really enjoy the weekday staff , who are so professional and willing to help .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered their chicken tinga tacos the first time i went because i had yet to find a good version of pollo tinga in az . they were a little bland despite warnings that they were spicy . however , once i added some of their salsa to them they were good chicken tacos . i like their decor . i have eaten their once alone at the bar and the service was quick and super friendly and once with friends during the busy christmas season ... service was a little slower but food was great and waiter was fun .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is fun trendy and the servers are enthusiastic and energetic . the guacamole was good and the waitress comped it for us . the pink grapefruit mint aguafresca was the flavor of the day . it was good and refreshing . cucumber one , not so good.needed simple syrup and more straining . horchata just okay . i did not care for the type of fish they used for the crispy fish taco . did n't seem mild enough . the chicken tinga was okay but i make it with more balanced spice and better texture in my slow cooker at home ( its super easy ) we got a couple of desserts and they were yummy ! all in all , i can appreciate the taqueria which serves aguas , homemade tortillas , and a good complement of desserts .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! from the food to the service to the music to the overall ambiance , it is amazing ! make sure to try the street corn !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the street tacos here are some of the best ! my husband and i are always looking for a good street taco place and this is our favorite in the valley . the burritos are great also . the staff is great as well . very friendly and always willing to go the extra mile to make the experience comfortable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great taco joint ; the food here is good and its open late and in chandler what else do i need to say ? their patio is amazing and a fire burns in their fire pit so it gives off an authentic fire place vibe . the service was also good . the one downside is their drinks are a bit expensive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent service and solid food , with local beers . spiked cucumber aqua fresca was perfect for a sunny afternoon . horchata fresca , not so much..strong artificial almond flavor . their salsa was wonderful , as were the nachos with chicken and the carne asada burrito bowl . the chips for the nachos could have been less soggy . i 'd definitely go back for the pitchers of brews & probably try the tacos .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ate there twice now . . the tacos themselves are a bit bland , the fish taco was terrible but they replaced it which was great . tortilla soup was very good . service was good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we decided to try this place and we were not disappointed . the vibe is modern trendy mexican , so if you are hoping for authentic go somewhere else . the restaurant is situated in downtown gilbert next to other fantastic restaurants . my biggest thank you to the owner and chef goes to the portion and flavor . in an environment of over sized american gluttony this place provides the `` right '' size for an entree . i ordered 3 tacos , chicken , pork and carne asada with a side of black beans ... i was very satisfied . the salsa was amazing and helped round out the meal . overall a strong contender for an evening out , happy hour or even with the kids !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service , food and drinks are all great here . atmosphere is pretty trendy and the patio is great . happy hour is before 5 each day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've seen better street tacos and service at taco bell . this place is extremely overrated and your better off heading to one of the other restaurants in the area . very over priced for the quality of the food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ambiance was fun , food was great ( do n't miss the mexican street corn ) . staff was friendly and attentive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went in january for my birthday lunch.loved the laid back vibe , especially compared to postino next door . skinny margaritas was fantastic ! ! ! got a taco combo and split with the hubby crispy fish , baja fish and the standard side of black beans and a carnita taco . would skip the crispy fish next time , beans were ok. others were above average but the soft corn tortillas get messy fast so eat quickly . another upward project success story .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to joyride for the first time two nights ago woth a friend of mine , it was absolutely amazing ! great prices ! preston was our bartender and made our margarita it was delicious ! gabe was serving and was just being friendly talking to us and recommended a very tasty tequila . i had 2 tacos chicken tinga and my friend had the beast burrito . both very delicious ! i would definitely recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was great : ) we ordered only tacos for taco tuesday , one of each . they were all incredible , and i recommend the carne asada tacos . the meat is excellent , seasoning superb , and the service , well , it 's reasonable . we waited for an hour , with warning , but the servers looked overloaded . i 'm so impressed by the food , though , and that 's why i am readying 4 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cool atmosphere , great tacos just small portions for the price . their home made tortillas are great and it 's nice that they do n't fall apart . their spiked fresca drinks are good too . fun place for lunch or happy hour .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i enjoy the going to oldtown gilbert and this was one of the restraunts ive always wanted to try . the service was excellent . our food came fast and was hot . we ordered the standard chicken tacos . other wise it wasnt too spicy . since it was happy hour they were only $ 2.00 each . they were tiny , but surprisingly filling . the atmosphere was similar to the breakfast place next door . it was loud and almost had to yell across the table just to have a conversation . desert menu only offered three items . we didnt see any desert we liked so went to another restaurant nearby for desert . other than that i would recommend this place if you are looking for something quick and tasty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered the garden variety burrito and it was fantastic . they are cool about leaving things out of the dishes if you have allergies , etc . i appreciate that . the vibe is great and everyone is very friendly . we 're thrilled to have it so close by . go gilbert !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere . .good location . .nice food . slightly pricey though . the icing on the cake is the drinks which are awesome . they have the right mix and content of alcohol which is usually missing in most of the joints .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chicken tinga & braised beef tacos were awesome , ,hands down ! salsa ( charred habanero ) was hot but delicious ! if you ca n't handle the heat , get the pico gringo . staff was attentive . a little pricey but worth the extra $ . does n't pay to waste your money for lower priced mexican food . architecturally , their building is very modern and unique and clean . would go again and again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so yummy ! we got tacos and chips with several different salsas to try and it was really good . it got very loud as the night went on but our server was nice and always checked on us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they sell mexican food and have star wars posters on the wall , so they 're off to a good start with me . service is outstanding here . when i sat at the bar , they were very quick to keep my water glass full . their tacos , drinks , and ceviche are all tasty and well made . the carne asada taco is a little on the spicy side , so be ready for it . i have enjoyed both times here , and i 'm sure i 'll come back for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food and good service . a little bit on the noisey but everything else more than makes up for it . very polite staff with a laid back attitude . you ca n't go wrong with any of the street tacos or a burrito . i definitely recommend trying them out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really cool place ! very hip and young vibe and environment . the decor was eccentric but modern . the menu was creative mexican food with a modern twist . the nachos were really good , they used a really good white cheese . the tacos are also pretty good , the shrimp especially are tasty . friendly helpful staff . the have creative alcoholic drinks and you can add alcohol to their agua frescas.we will for sure go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the street tacos are way overpriced and mediocre at best . their cucumber mint aqua fresca is delicious but i felt like every single item on the menu was overpriced for the flavor and portion size of what you receive . their cocktails are very good but again , their tacos are lacking . their crispy fish taco tasted very bland and almost like fried cardboard . we might come back for a cocktail but definitely not for food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i traveled from san tan valley to eat with my wife and son , also joining us was my buddy and his wife and son . we first ordered drinks . the horchata was at best not what i would call horchata . we also ordered jamaica which they call hibiscus another disappointing drink . the lemonade was ok. the salsa was failed attempt as was the chips . four dollars for street tacos and no sides you have got to be kidding me . we decided to leave before we got ripped off , our bill for just four drinks came to about $ 18.50 . we will not return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "another great gilbert restaurant . tacos were excellent , location is great . it was a casual atmosphere that was great to take clients to.good music , good food and great atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service at the bar was horrible , my boyfriend and i stood there for about 15 minutes without anyone saying we will be with you in a moment , then we saw them pour about 5 beers all with a bunch of foam in them . once we sat down at the table service was a lot better , the margaritas were really good , the tacos were just alright . i had the tamales , which were delicious .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had dinner with my bestie today it was awesome ! my phone was dying and alex moved us to a booth with an outlet lol super rad thank you guys", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i need to go back to joyride . we went there when i was n't feeling the best and i still enjoyed the hell out of my carne asada tacos ( what i could get down , i was disappointed i could n't eat more ) . the area is ideal if you 're out and about in downtown gilbert . it is super close to the galleries and other attractions in the area . watch yourself on the salsas . we asked for the hottest one they had and they charged for it . granted the menu says that but we had just sat down and had n't gotten to the menu . it was n't worth the extra money . a sample first would have been nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i ate here on thursday . weekends we never can find parking for any restaurant in gilbert . we were immediately seated and greeted by our server.chips and salsa were here before you knew it . i ordered a chicken burrito in a bowl . my husband ordered 3 tacos and a salad . 2 of the tacos were happy hour price ! good size servings . my only complaint is we did n't have room for dessert . .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's ... it 's ... something missing . whether it 's the staff you have no idea is your staff or a bum on the street serving you i 'm not quite sure what to make of it . maybe it 's just not my cup of tea . the food is okay . the flavor does n't really jive for me but it 's always busy so i 'm assuming someone else 's taste buds click for the joy . this is atypical bc i usually eat about anything . i 'd say it 's definitely a place to try , it just is n't my flavor .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wonderful tacos , i could n't decide so i had to taste one of each . this place had a fun atmosphere and i really enjoyed the staff , the location and the food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place ! the wait time is usually pretty long but definitely worth it ( for those tacos ! ) and you can always buy a beer while you wait . environment is great and the people work as a team there . bartenders are cool as shit and always stay on top of their people ! always enjoy going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was amazing . the standard taco was meh but all other tacos are worth coming back . oh yeah , the blood orange margarita alone is worth coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so this place got 3 stars because they do have great food but i was very disappointed with some of the wait staff . when we first got there you had to literally flag down the waitress . she would n't come check on us and we had to keep flagging her down . luckily her shift ended and we got an awesome waitress and great cute waiters . i hope to go back again and have better service . btw the nachos are amazing ! love the carne asada taco . the original margarita ( with better liquor ) on the rocks is good too but way overpriced $ 11 ! i think way too much for how little you get but its pretty strong so that 's a plus i guess lol chips n salsa is pretty good too sign up for their email thingy you 'll receive a free appetizer and luckily for me the nachos are considered a appetizer . whoohoo ! luv freebies", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would 've given this restaurant 5 stars , but the service was awful . the food is terrific , but we waited forever to get anyone to take our food order . our drinks were served quickly , but we waited a long time to place our food order and then waited even longer for the food to arrive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried out this restaurant the other night and it was amazing to be honest . my favorite food is tacos so im very picky when it comes to trying out new taco places . first of all it was great service , our waitress was very nice and welcoming . she was also very consistent and she recommended that i try the chicken tinga tacos so i ordered two of those and i also ordered 2 braised beef tacos and they were soo good ! the food came out very fresh and the meat was nice and tender . honestly , better than i expected ! i will definitely be going back and i would recommend this restaurant to anyone craving delicious tacos ! btw the food is n't too pricey at all , but the drinks are !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trendy . expensive . loud . tuesdays is your best bet because beef tacos are a couple of dollars versus typical prices any other day . everything else in the menu is pricy but good . not family oriented , unless you like to be screaming at your kids .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this restaurant group always gets it right . from the decor , to the food , to the cocktails it 's just perfection . check out their other concepts at the windsor , churn , postino , and federal pizza- you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not pleased at all by this place . we usually have a fairly large group when we go out on thursdays , but service was horrible . it took almost 10 minutes just to get an iced tea . i was not impressed by the food for the price either . furthermore , our server mixed up the cards for the split tabs and did n't even tell us about the mistake or even apologize . after talking to management they told me they were too busy to look into my issue and they would call me back when business died down , and never did . the only reason for more than one star on the review is because i called back again and the manager sean looked into my issue and apologized on behalf of the rest of the staff .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "solid ! great cocktails , great service for our large group of 7 , good food and good atmosphere ! we had a blast !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't get it ? this place was packed was everybody in there a first timer . the food not only was straight up bad but it is sooooo over priced ! the service was just as bad as the food , you will dehydrate waiting for something to drink but do n't order ice-tea unless you like fufu fruity flavors . when it finely did come i ask why he did not tell me that 's the only flavor they serve ? i was told no one has ever questioned it before wow i guess it not questioned because your so thirsty by time it comes you will drink anything ? ? ? however my water did come out just in time for my ice cold food.. they get the 1 star from me for nothing but the atmosphere . but if you want a good taco go anywhere else ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "everything we had was excellent . great flavors , reasonably priced , and not too heavy . will be coming back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joyride is a fun , chic place and a good place to socialize and get a drink with friends . staff is always friendly , but food is n't anything to rave about and a little overpriced imo . like the veggie tacos and the churro a with chocolate sauce for dessert .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good atmosphere and tasty options . good service and full bar . nice addition to gilbert .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is n't your typical mexican restaurant . they use an orange citrus flavor on many things which is delicious . i love their chips and salsa . the location is fantastic but they do get busy so expect a wait during busy hours . i usually get the carne asada quesidila", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was making up for the fact we couldnt go dos los molinos as they were closed on sunday . i was blown away by the rockstar service provided to us by our waitress breezy . she was amazing ! ! the food , however , was a complete surprise . it was fresh and flavorful and out of this world ! especially the blood orange margarita , the charred habenero salsa , mexican corn ( heavens to betsy was it amazing ) orange cucumber salad and the crispy fish taco which we could n't get enough of so we ordered several more to go ! this was a happy accident and i will be back for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "( ( maybe it was an off day ) ) it looked promising . 1 . the coffee tasted gross ! 2 . need to use purified water . 3 . had eggs rancheros i think the eggs we 're bad ! along with the salsa ! ( ( i got sick later on that day ) ) my mom had fish tacos she did n't finish them either the only things that were good was the quesadilla ( ( but like i said could have been an off day ! ) )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "favorite little place to eat in downtown gilbert ( as of right now ! ) . i have n't tried all the restaurants but we love the tacos and burritos here ! the chips and salsa are complimentary and the margaritas are great ! they also do $ 2 taco tuesdays ! yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall the food was really tasty . however , enchilada style means only enchilada sauce , no cheese . also , they need to clean their meat a little better . the carne asada had a lot of funky bits in it . i will go back though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the best customer service tonight at joyride . i did n't even tell my waitress i did n't like my food . she asked me what can i get since you do n't like your food . i said nothing i 'm fine . then the manager came out and said i 'm not leaving till i ordered something else and it would be on them . i ordered some braised beef tacos and they were amazing . the customer service i had tonight was amazing . they went out of there way to make me happy . something that you do n't usually get when you go out . very impressed with there service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great tacos and street corn . it 's always packed and it 's super loud . but good service and good food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service , food and ambiance was amazing . for the love of god , please get the crispy fish taco !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried a trio of various tacos . all of them were fantastic . fresh ingredients . very tasty ! fun atmosphere . i have to go back for the taco tuesday and margaritas special . will definitely eat here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i enjoyed the ambiance and location of joyride tacos hut was very disappointed with their street tacos . way overpriced for `` gourmet '' tacos and the flavor and taste is rather underwhelming . i do n't think we 'll be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tried this place tonight with my boo and i am definitely a fan . he loved his carne asada burrito and my enchiladas were super tasty . they are a little different than the traditional saucy enchilada , but good flavor . the rice was very good and the mexican slaw had pumpkin seeds in it , which added a nice crunch ! the main thing that would keep us going back was the amazing service . our server was kimberly and she took care of us from start to finish . it is refreshing to go out and actually get great service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time there and we will be back . i broke down and went out of my comfort zone and had the crispy fish tacos . they were amazing . the guacamole was excellent . the only disappointment was the margarita . it was very weak and just not good . fish taco will bring me back , but the $ 9.00 ! margarita needs to be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was one of the first spots my husband and i found when we moved in town . we love the atmosphere , music , and the food is yummy ! the ambiance is laid back , but not so laid back you do n't see your server for 20 minutes at a time ( huge pet peeve for me ) . we eat there more than we probably should admit , but we love it ! if i had to find a negative it would be that the chips are n't endless ... just give us the chips", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the horchata and frangelico with the mexican street corn , chips and salsa were amazing . we tried three tacos - crispy fish , beef and ahi tuna ; and a shredded beef burrito - all were tasty ! jessica and andrew provided out of this world service ! ended the evening with mo 's special and while a little `` liquified '' , special it was ! thank you joyride for the treat of an evening out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great atmosphere . drinks are refreshing . my wife loves their pineapple mojitos and the mazatlan mules are tasty . the tacos are pricy ( about $ 4 ) for a tiny taco but they are good . the crispy fish taco is the best fish taco i 've had in az . i also had the braised beef tacos which were good as well . definitely worth going back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "come for lunch ! $ 5 pitchers two tacos and small salad lunch special ! try the chard habanero salsa if you dare .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "last time i was there ( a few weeks ago ) , a random female server delivered our pitcher and one cold glass ... even though there were 2 adults at the table . she was n't our server - i think her name was kim or something . she dropped the stuff & ran . had she even stopped for 3 seconds to ask if we needed anything else , she could have gotten the second cold glass that was supposed to come with our beverage order . i approached the bar to get said glass and spoke with a guy that looked managerial and let him know . a male bartender was standing behind the `` manager '' the whole time we spoke and within seconds of returning to my table , he flagged down `` kim '' to tell her what i had said . he was even kind enough to point at our table so she knew exactly who we were . awesome . food was good , as usual . rude service & poor attitude have turned me off to this place for a while .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great happy hour drinks on tuesday cool atmosphere . sat at the bar and was immediately greeted and got our drinks and food quickly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious tacos , and amazing service ! any place with free chips and salsa is a keeper in my book ! i love street tacos and i plan on loving them from joyride more often ! ! ! mmm mmm delicious ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , great music , and bomb chips and salsa only reason for not giving it a 5 star was the enchilada sauce tasted like it was from a can . we will be back ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent team service even while waiting for a table outside . overall on pricey side for what it is , music is loud , chips are on heavy side , carnitas and carna asada overpoweringly spicy hot for my taste . other 4 at my table said 6 out of 10 overall .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "loved it ! my boyfriend and i went out for dinner late , came across this place cause another one was closed . best accident ever ! not only is the food amazing , the service was great ! very relaxed environment ! highly recommend this place to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to joyride with a friend and we were blown away by the customer service and food . the mojito we had was delicious and the tacos were incredible . the crispy fish taco was my favorite . go as soon as you can ! it 's right next door to postino 's east which is also outstanding . both owned by same owner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg their tacos are so delish and they have this drink with lime and coconut that is to die for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here at least once every two weeks & everything from the chips to the drinks are spectacular ! my favorite drinks are the pineapple mojito or key largo . both are refreshing . the beast burrito with no sauce , chimichanga style is my absolute favorite along with the mexican street corn ! definite place to try if you 're in old town gilbert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drinks are really good and food is even better ! service was outstanding . we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has great food . they are pricey , it 's crowded and loud but the food is amazing and so are their signature drinks . they also have terrific service which i loved .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "please bring back your yummy cocktails like the key largo and naked n famous ! these were our favorites !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great happy hour prices and food . margaritas and fish tacos to die for . i will visit next time i am in arizona .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ah this place is so good ! we came on saturday and they had happy hour till 5 which was awesome . i tried the spicy margarita.. i think it was cucumber habanero ? or maybe it was poblano.. cant keep those peppers straight . but any who , it was delish ! i also got the three taco plate.. one shrimp , one carne asada , and a fish taco . so good ! will definitely be back : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tacos are great . street corn is great . waiting a ridiculous amount of time while watching the waitstaff ( understaffed ) slowly saunter through the restaurant . horrible . paying for chip refills . horrible . still waiting ... ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "joy ride never disappoints ! great atmosphere , phenomenal food , and great drinks ! on saturdays they are in happy hour during the lunch hour , and the five dollar frescas are a must ( the cucumber mint is my favorite ! ) the service is always friendly and fast , and the waiting area is a beautiful patio . we all got the tacos and loved them ! highly recommend the crispy fish : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here at least ten times , and just getting around to a review . we love this place ! it 's affordable , the food is always spot on , the service is consistently friendly and prompt , and the atmosphere leaves you feeling relaxed and happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the guacamole is fantastic . my wife and i can ride our bikes there . occasionally they have a special that if you ride your bike you get free tacos on your next vist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , nice atmosphere , great location . the tacos are good , i had one of each , very unique ! the beast burrito is my favorite ! the ceviche was tasty , but almost too chunky so it was hard to scoop on a chip . no televisions , so that can be good or bad depending on if you want to watch a game while eating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had lunch here with a couple of friends . the overall ascetics of the place was inviting . service was good and food was okay nothing spectacular . for what you got and the quality of food i thought it was a tad over priced .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bless this taco house and it 's delicious mexican food . if there is such thing as mexican comfort food , it 's this place . it gets pretty busy on the weekends , but its worth a little bit of a wait . we usually only end up waiting like 15 min when it 's most busy . every time we go we get the 3-taco deal , and an appetizer . trust me , it 's plenty of food . i think i 've tried each of the tacos , but my favorites are the fish and machaca ones . also pro tip : you can switch out the corn tortillas for flour tortillas , when you 're not feeling the corn . the guacamole and queso are so delish . i promise you wo n't regret getting either of them . i love this place and ca n't wait to see it 's continued growth !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably the se valleys best spot for tacos and a beer . a great vibe and excellent food with great service . we went on a sunday evening around 5:30 and it was packed but cleared up around 6:30 family friendly and kid friendly too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a treat to eat here ! the food was good but the customer service was even better . manager eric and our server alex training jessica , went way above and beyond to make sure our experience was spot on ! thank you for going above and beyond to get our needs met ! you rock ! guys , come here if you want a fun filled experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and drinks ! almond horchata is delicious and good beer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the nachos are amazing . and just generally the food is very good . the staff can be a bit less than friendly and that 's really the only thing that keeps me from going there more often . i suppose i 've been there 5 times and not once had wait staff that was genuinely friendly or had any sort of humor personality . odd considering the groovy style of the place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely love the hippie sublime cool vibe . the service was friendly but slow . weekends expect to wait but you can stop by postino for a drink and they text you when your seat is ready . tacos and salads are good and unique . service for food was slow but it was also a friday .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give it three and a half stars but it does n't let me do that the food was decent the wait time on the food and drinks was not the greatest and the prices are a little high for tacos the place is a little loud but the servers were friendly", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is a slam dunk . fresh and delicious food with generous portion sizes . lots of vegetarian and vegan options . knowledgeable and attentive staff , cute decor and fun atmosphere . the food is very flavorful and they also have great drinks ! what more could you ask for ? !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a nice lunch with various tacos and salad..our complaint ... why do they have the music so loud ? ca n't have a conversation without raising your voice ... this seems to be common practice in the newer restaurants ... can understand at happy hour ... but not at lunch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we love this place ! ! ! the blood orange margs are the bomb . our bartender , ray was awesome and took great care of us all afternoon making a wonderful sunday friday . $ 5 margs are amazing . great tacos . my fav was the carne adovado ... .beautiful . go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the ensalada fila . it was a delicious salad , and i know my salads ! the others in my party loved their food as well . delicious ! i live far away but will come again when i next visit . it is a fun place with great food and friendly service . it has a loud atmosphere so not the place for a quiet dinner , but fun and even kid friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this place ! ! ! ! had the guacamole `` joyride '' style . soooooooo yummy . tried the carne asada tacos and the crispy fish tacos . absolutely delicious . great service , friendly staff . only had to wait about ten minutes for a table for lunch . i plan on going back to try the other taco options on the menu ... ... ..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a great place ! the vibe was fabulous with great seating ( indoor and outside ) , the decor is vintage fab ! servers are attentive and friendly and the food ( my god ! ) , devine ! ! ! i ate until my stomach was uncomfortable , but i could n't stop ! the portions are generous and ordering the mexican street corn is a must ! ! ! this has been one of the best eating experiences i 've had in a long time . an over all ten !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i guess it 's never too late to say thank you , and i want to give a big shout-out to joyride . even though they were closing at 4:00 p.m. christmas eve , they let my group of 15 adults and kids come in at 3:00 . the seven young grandkids sat at a table near us , and the manager took the time to learn their names so she could ask each what they wanted to order . this made them feel special . she even treated us and the kids to a free guacamole appetizer ! the food was delicious , as always . good variety of well-stuffed tacos . i made sure everyone ordered the mexican corn ( off the cob ) , and not one kernel was left . our server had a fun sense of humor and paid the right amount of attention to us . so , thank you , joyride , for making our christmas eve fun -- and saving me from having to cook for everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! i ordered a variety of tacos - grilled fish , carne asada , and carnitas . all of them were very flavorful , but the carne asada was amazing . their pico de gallo was mild in heat , but delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only been here on taco tuesday . it starts getting really busy at 4pm so we went for an early dinner . very friendly staff and we were checked on several times . the tacos were great and cheese quesadilla was also tasty !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite amerimex taco shop in town . the chopped salads leave you wanting more . the handcrafted drinks with fresh ingredients are out of this world . the decor is colorful and lively and has a true hipster feel . happy hour is fantastic , but the place is busy all the time . this is one of my top 5 gilbert restaurants . i keep going back to work my way through the menu and have not had a bad dish yet . try it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the vibe is on point , however i wish i could say the same about the food . very pricey for what you get . food taste was fine , but i rather go somewhere else and eat . not the best bang for your buck .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "seriously delicious food ! homemade corn tortillas which have a consistency of a flour tortilla . love love love", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very annoyed at the service . you do n't have one specific waiter or waitress and at one point someone took my soda to be refilled . well they never brought it back . i asked multiple severs to return my drink but went without almost my entire dinner , and they still charged me for it ! not to mention the tacos are overpriced . the food is pretty good but nothing to rave about .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food was delicious but they need to get the flies under control . we were dining inside and still had to constantly swat them away from our food . felt a little rushed out the door at the end of the meal . other than that it was good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "recently had the famous joyride taco 's . i had a shrimp , carnita and two crispy fish tacos . the first two were good , the crispy fish were fantastic , i highly recommend ! we finished off the meal with the chocolate churros which were god as well and perfect for sharing . overall good experience and solid food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "shoutout to manager miriam for being so thoughtful.. she overheard i was a vegetarian and catered to my needs without me even asking ! also the hostess olivia was very friendly sweet and made me love this restaurant before i even sat down ! it was my first time here and i will 100 % be coming back : ) 10 10 ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am giving 5 stars because service was on point ! the crispy fish tacos are amazing ! the atmosphere made me feel like i was out of town ! love the chill vibe and outdoor seating ! staff was amazing ! we will be coming back ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is really good . i ordered three street tacos , two chicken and one carne asada . the chips and salsa were so good i did n't want to eat my tacos when they arrived . the atmosphere was young and hip . the music was was a little loud but i kinda liked it . the best part of this place was the service . we had our cups constantly refilled and people asking us if we needed anything . they kept on bringing chips and salsa to our table the entire time . the only reason why i 'm not giving this place a 5 star is because the price was a little high . it was just me and my husband during lunch . we ordered water and we both had the street tacos . our bill was in the thirties yikes ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what to try : cucumber serrano cocktail , crispy fish taco , chicken burrito with the veggie medley , veggie taco ( weird , i know ) , and the beet salad ! awesome lunch special : 3 tacos and half salad under $ 10 . $ 5 cocktails every day until 5pm . the one pitfall : although the complimentary salsa is decent it lacks spice . i like spicy and i think it 's ridiculous i have to pay extra to kick it up a notch at a mexican restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "white washed tacos & mexican corn . very bland . the crispy fish was n't crispy and all of their tacos had no real flavor . the horchata was legit .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a very late dinner here and was very excited to try this place out . the atmosphere is very laid back and the hostess nicely greeted us when she saw us walk in . we had the taco platter and ordered the beast burrito . the meat was deliciously flavored and i loved the fact the there tortillas are freshly made ! there salsa is so good and spicy and we could n't get enough . to finish off our meal we ordered churros which tasted freshly made ! i ca n't wait to come back and have some more great tasting tacos !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is quite a charming place in downtown gilbert . great food , atmosphere , and service ; what more can you ask for ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great , innovative tacos ! they 're small so try all of them ( but i recommend the chicken tinga , the standard , & carne asada to get started ) the prickly pear margarita is the best ! the service is great no matter if they 're super slammed or not . they have a great happy hour !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "joyride is good , but not worth the price . everything here is pricey . the tacos here are between $ 3.75 and $ 4.50 , the small bowl of guacamole is $ 8 and the drinks are about $ 9 . they serve up a complimentary basket of chips , but charge you for refills . that includes the refill you need to eat the $ 8 guac you just ordered . hard to believe the $ 8 does n't include chips ... the food was tasty and the drinks were creative , but overall the experience did n't match the price . i recommend going during happy hour . maybe then you can still afford rent !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "something is happening with service , took almost 30 minutes to be seated , was actually not busy and there where empty tables , got water but took 20 minutes to get drinks and took another 30 minutes to place order and 1hr15 minutes to get food and they were n't busy . actually tried this place because had lousy service from postino 's , just found out there owned by the same people . going to texas roadhouse , never a bad time , in 20 years . and with 8 kids and 9 grand kids , this place will be gone soon and replaced with new owner and management and name . seen it happen .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i give the place 2 stars total . the place gets 5 stars for the atmosphere . it 's a good spot to meet people or take a date . there is music playing and after awhile it starts to get a little loud . the place was busy on a thursday night . the whole area was busy , gilbert is making their own little busy down town . the food i give a 1 star . the taste was ok but for the price it should have been better . the beef had some fatty stuff . the chicken and pork was ok . the waitress bragged about the tacos and that they made the tortillas in house . the tortillas were soft on the inside and edges were dehydrated . the horchata was not that great , too much cinnamon . the bill for 2 of us was $ 40 which i thought was over priced . i will not be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "impeccable service , great food & fun atmosphere . tuesday 's are taco tuesday- happy hour all day ! that means $ 2 tacos and great drink prices ! ! located in downtown gilbert right next to a ton of free parking . the only downside is very loud 80s music blasting throughout making it a little difficult to have a conversation . otherwise a great place to have an excellent meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "'hip ' taco joint , really ? gilbert is not nor will ever be in the least bit hip . told it was a 20 minute wait on a wednesday nite and waited for an hour . strike one . waiter asked if we wanted to see the menus , seriously ? do n't they teach you this on the first day of training ? strike two . chips were way too salty and only one kind of salsa was chincy strike 2 1 2. i have had better tacos off of taco trucks in yuma for 1 3 the cost . if you really feel that you can open a restaurant catering to 20-30 somethings and forget about everyone else i can envision the 'for rent ' sign on your window much sooner rather than later . and finally , booths that seat 6 with 2 people sitting in them . who ever designed this place should immediately be fired . poor layout , fair food , clueless servers . make that one star . want real food with knowledgeable service at fair prices ? try si senor on alma school in chandler", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ended up here when we saw our intended restaurant was packed . nice open seating and bar . smaller menu but all sounded good . both my hubby and i ordered the the beast burrito . carne asada , avocado , beans , salsa . we asked for no rice in our burritos . diet coke , iced tea . burritos tasted good with fresh tasting ingredients . service was quick . unfortunately , lots of grisely pieces of unchewable meat . i get it , sometimes a bad piece gets through but i had like 4 . for 11.50 $ a burrito i expect better quality meat . good chips and salsa .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pleasantly surprised ! the nachos were delicious but the chicken was rubbery . other than that , great flavors !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food tastes great . you do n't get alot of food for the price.i took my family there it was nice . we went during the summer . my son enjoyed the outside misters .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great atmosphere , cool design and layout digging the hipster look . the chips and salsa where awesome , salsa had a nice kick and the chips were n't those cheap chips . the highlight of the night was the awesome battered fish taco and shrimp taco and im not a big fan of seafood , job well done , great flavor with an awesome corn tortilla , also , the carne asada taco was incredibly cooked but i could do without the sweet tasting salsa , however thats just my opinion . definitely coming back here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a good place to eat and drink . love the decor and the vibe . the tacos are pretty tasty and the drinks are all on happy hour price before 5 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service friendly staff . one of my favorite taco places for taco tuesday . nothing beats $ 2 tacos and $ 5 margs ! ! cheers", "score": "4"}
{"review": "4 & 1 2 stars on the food , 3 on atmosphere ( music way too loud ) , 4 on service . 5 of us had 5 dishes , all good to excellent . salsa is very tasty , chips hot from the oven . just wish the music was down a notch - hard to have a conversation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came in around 11am on a sunday ... . awesome tacos and mexican street corn . great happy hour , daily from open to 5pm ! ! ! ! ca n't beat $ 5 pitchers . fast , excellent service and delicious food . overall , a great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just a tad pricey . they are stingy with their guac . the tacos are quite small as well ... but great food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "whether it is a burrito , taco or nachos everything served at joyride is delicious and is made with the highest quality ingredients . did i mention it is at an affordable price as well ? it 's been a 5 star experience all three times i 've been here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great dining experience ! tacos were tasty , try the baja fish . the beast burrito was excellent and their carne asada had a ton of flavor . $ 5 pitchers never hurt anybody 's feelings and the mos def dessert ( vanilla pudding graham cracker , carmel , walnut miracle ) was a solid finish . friendly staff , enjoyable atmosphere , nice patio and really good music . awesome visit , thank you richard and valerie , we will be back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was told to come here by a friend and had some pretty high expectations so i was pleasantly pleased but not overwhelmingly impressed . i ordered 3 tacos and the cucumber orange salad ( if you order 3 tacos it comes with a side ) . i ordered 1 shrimp , 1 carne asada , and 1 pork adobada taco . i also ordered a $ 5 cucumber serrano margarita and 1 $ 5 spiked almond horchata : ) . the margarita was not as refreshing as i imagined it would be , and the portion seemed a little small , but i really loved the horchata , which i spiked with vanilla vodka . the tacos were tasty , but i think i prefer the tacos at la santisima . the cucumber salad did n't taste very orange-y to me and i 'm not sure why they are more expensive than the other sides . that said , i much prefer the service here and will be coming back to try more tacos .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . i had the chilaquiles and my husband had several tacos . the spice profile is perfect . it 's like food my mother would make but better . i plan on returning many times . this is now my mexican food place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this place for the first time tonight . i love that they are open late , serve coke products , have a fun atmosphere and decor and the service was great . our server suggested the nachos as an appetizer ... which was absolutely terrific . for dinner , we took his suggestion and ordered the taco sampler plate , which had rice ans beans with carne asada , carnitas and chicken . i have to say my favorite was the carnitas , i will for sure order that or the carne adada next time . i also ordered the corn , omg this was delish ... . something really worth ordering . we will for sure be visiting this place again , a new favorite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food . great vibe ! ca n't wait to get some more short rib tacos and orange cucumber salad appetizer . it would be 5 stars but the service was attentive but slow and confused ( i think they had to many staff people ) but that i know will improve with time . i ca n't wait to try other dishes and drinks . the menu looks tasty . the decor was great and comfortable . it was hard to identify employees from customers since they do n't have anything on to identify them as an employee . i ca n't wait for it to cool down and be able to sit outside . looks really nice out there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we decided to give this place a second try after poor service the first visit . we were let down once again , so we wo n't be back . food was lukewarm ( veggie enchiladas ) , service was extremely slow ( again ) and even though it is clearly noted on the website menu , no arizona wine . too bad . going forward i will spend money on a real local first business .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this restaurant , like the ones next to it ( postino , liberty market , etc . ) , is super hip . the decor is very bright and california beach house-y . i came here with a few friends , and we had a great time . free chips and salsa , and we got two refills while we were there . we also ordered some chicken quesadillas to share . the waiter brought us carne by mistake , but we started eating it anyway , figuring it was n't a big deal . then he came by with the chicken , apologizing and saying it was on the house , which was pretty awesome . the two orders of quesadillas plus the seemingly endless chips and salsa left me feeling pretty full , but i still managed to eat the two tacos i ordered . one friend ordered a burrito and another ordered the enchiladas . we all thought the food was good , and priced decently for the atmosphere you get .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've been here several times and have never been disappointed . the beer battered fish tacos are the best around ! the churros in chocolate are a must . they have a good beer selection and service has always been on point . we even came here with an infant a few different times and they even made special accommodations for us . i always find myself recommending this place to people !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally tried this place today and was not disappointed ! sunday afternoon , nice weather and they were packed ! ordered a shrimp and a fish taco and they were very good , fresh ingredients and they were just the right size . salsa is very good , but if you want more spice ask for the habanero version . my only complaint is that they do n't have full sized pitchers of beer ... small ones at about 2.5 pints each . however , that being said it was happy hour ( we were there about 1pm ) and they were only $ 5 so all is forgiven . i like that you can sit outside and the back outside patio has a large grass area so if you bring your kids they can lounge around and not bother anyone as it is not right next to any tables . will for sure go again ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! great food , attentive service and all the beautiful people you could ask for . seriously . everyone in the place was stunning , i loved loved the crispy fish taco and would probably just keep ordering those if i returned . why mess with a good thing ? my husband had a variety of other tacos and he enjoyed them all . i am also now obsessed with their orange cucumber salad . since i do n't live in the area i will be trying to replicate it when i get home . not a cheap meal , but worth the price . it does n't get any better than this !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the carne asada taco ( without the salsa ) and a shrimp taco , both are gluten free and so yummy ! ! the wait was on the longer side ( 30 mins or so ) around 8pm on a saturday night . our server was tim and he was super nice and knowledgeable about what was on the menu . but with the restaurant being so crowded we did n't get service as quickly . but i definitely want to go back ( probably during happy hour or taco tuesday ) and try their blood orange margarita , because it sounded so good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice outside area . service was friendly . very expensive for what it was . and for all the random things , the food really did n't have much flavor . not impressed with the `` tree hugger '' menu . we had just moved here and ended up at this place by mistake . ( could n't find so cal fish tacos ) . it 's a great yuppy hip health food place , but not family friendly looking for real tacos .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "such a delicious and cool vibe ! the vegetarian tacos and burrito were filling . we had the mexican corn and it was so tasty topped with spices and cheese . i highly recommend that ! great service as well ! our waiter was personal and helpful . the bathrooms are so cool and clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shared several different tacos with the wife and they were all great . i had a margaritas and it was also very well prepared ! i will certainly be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time visit today ... wow , that was fricken ' awesome ! i figured it would be busy @ 1pm on a sat ... .holiday weekend and all . it was but they have quite alot of seating in out . the staff was friendly and i saw lots of hustle going on . i had the fish & standard tacos . these are street sized so 3 is a meal and for $ 1 you can get a side . i did n't do that because i joind the eposse and received a free appetizer ! i had the guacamole which was fresh and tasty with alittle jalapeno kick , excellent . my tacos we also excellent with fresh ingredients and big flavor . if you find yourself in need of a taco fix i recommend joyride .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good tacos . good margaritas . the horchata with amaretto is yummy . get the mexican street corn . bomb .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is just ok . atmosphere is great , food is average . better tacos across the street .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place ! my friends and i bike here almost every weekend . the staff is amazing and the food is great . not much else to say but we 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tacos are okay , bummer there 's no option for crunchy tacos , it would change everything if there were . chips salsa , beast burrito are really good though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great for happy hour ! good beer prices for pitchers and world fabulous margaritas ! the margaritas were all good ! tacos were also pretty special . cheese dip was `` so so . '' service was friendly and helpful . all in all a good experience , and i 'll be back ! glad to have this gem in gilbert !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "location right in downtown gilbert is great . layout with indoor outdoor patio is great . stick with the taco 's . nachos are soggy ( i 've had them twice ... because i was hoping the first time was a mistake . ) i would encourage joyride to review the `` recipe '' on the nachos and come up with a way to keep the chips crisp . hours are great as it is one of the only spots open late in gilbert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "new to arizona and wanted to check out taco tuesday . well it is a great place to check out . lots of energy and great food . i enjoyed it so much that i go even when it 's not tuesday !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the mojitos are worth the visit alone . this place is awesome . great vibe , great service , and the food is good too . a bit of a wait on the weekends as this place is very popular . it has indoor and outdoor seating and is located in the heart of downtown gilbert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great experience from the sweet hostess ( did n't catch her name ) that greeted us to the awesome and very attentive server ( joseph ) . my mom and i came here on a taco tuesday where they have $ 2 tacos and $ 5 margaritas . i had the blood orange margarita and my mother had the prickly pear ( both were delicious ) . we both ordered the vegetarian and the beer-battered fish tacos which were very flavorful and packed with perfectly balanced ingredients . i would recommend this place to anyone and everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the atmosphere and ambience . surprisingly downtown gilbert is popping . this spot in particular seems always packed . drinks are great . the blood orange and prickly pear margaritas were great . then for dinner we had some corn appetizer dish which was the highlight of the meal . i 'd go back just for that . dinner was a chilaquille dish and a veg enchilada with green and red sauce . it was good but not the best . i 'd give this a 4.5 but i 'll round it up . bc the overall experience", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome restaurant with a good ambiance . we eat here at least twice a month ! i almost selfishly hesitated to post this review because it 's already so popular it 's already crowded ; but , it 's worth the wait ! check out the mexican street corn , it 's the best thing on the menu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is hip and the food is awesome ! the battered and fried fish tacos are the best i have ever had . these are no regular fish tacos though , they are high end and will cost you . i especially like that this restaurant has agua fresca alcoholic free type beverages for those who do n't partake in bar offerings . i have tried the carne asada , grilled fish , chicken tinga tacos as well , but the best are the deep fried fish ones . order up 3 with some rice and beans and get ready for fish taco heaven .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love joyride . it is one of my favorite downtown gilbert restaurants . the atmosphere and food drinks are always amazing . my favorite is the chicken burrito ... .. and the mango mandarin margarita ... the the spicy around the rim ! ! ! joyride will always be a go to place for me ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful food , fabulous service and the manager stopped at the table when he heard our order was incorrect . we will be going back again . definitely recommend trying joyride !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been going here since they opened . really great tacos . my favorites are the shrimp and braised beef . food is definitely 5 stars but giving it 4 stars because i really wish i had one server when we went . all the servers help out each other which is nice but never quite sure who to ask for something when we need it . everyone is super friendly and fast . this is definitely a great place to bring family and friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the tacos at joyride ! the salsa is amazing too ! great atmosphere with great food ! highly recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a very cute and vibrant spot ! loved the patio seating , and a fun place to go for a quick date night , or meeting with some girlfriends . the tacos are very good , but small so if you 're a big eater you might want to get a little extra . it can get busy quick ( especially at night ) , so make sure to come a little ahead of time to grab some parking and put your name down on the list . have fun !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ca n't talk , stuffing face ! nachos are outrageous ! this is my 5th `` ride '' and have yet to be disappointed . service has always been top notch , soup excellent , burros rock and the tacos ... ahhh , the tacos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for the first time on friday night and i was very impressed . the staff was attentive and we were well taken care of . the food was amazing and very fresh . this will definitely be our new neighborhood favorite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "five stars for exquisite customer service from all staff . food is pretty great , too ! love the fish tacos and chicken tinga tacos . salsa served with chips is very fresh and flavorful , love that chips are thin and crisp , not stale . there are a variety of sides..bomber beans and orange cucumber salad are faves .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good food ! not an ordinary mexican go-to place . the beast burrito was tasty ! also was a quick service . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great vibe service was excellent my wife and i had mexican street corn to start . and it was amazing , followed by happy hour tacos . at $ 2 each the tacos are good size and they are not skimpy on the meat which is always good . drink specials are really good i had a house margarita also once again they are n't skimpy on the tequila . overall great place to chill i 'll definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went back today because i was craving the chips and salsa ! i stumbled upon a beautiful little money saving sign at the table for a lunch deal : ) any two tacos and half a salad or soup for $ 9.95 . i ordered the shrimp and ahi taco . both delicious of course . but i am here to praise about the fila salad . the fila salad blew my mouth and mind , it has kale as a base with jicama , oranges , tomato , avocado , pinto beans , corn , crunchy peas + queso fresco in a quince vinaigrette . it 's definitely worth a try ! i had fantastic service . my water was not even a quarter empty and it was refilled , twice ! the place had people in there but it was not during peak times or super busy by any means . i am already planning my next trip but next time starting with dessert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in last taco tuesday for the first time in awhile . we were seated in a very timely fashion by the hostess considering it was very busy . i asked for her name and she said `` i go by fergie here at work . '' she took us outside and made sure everything was right ! we let her know our table was wobbly and asked if there was anything she could do about it . she immediately fixed it for us and recommended the sloe ride margarita when we asked her which one was the best ! we had a fantastic evening and it all started out with the extraordinary service we received when we first walked through the doors . great job joyride ! ! we will definitely be back soon", "score": "5"}
{"review": "five star all the way ! great staff ! very good food ! the only thing missing is the beach ! will be back ! with the rest of the family . seems to be a local favorite ! i 'm sure you 'll be able to find something you 'll like , and if you do n't ask and they probably could accommodate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just went yesterday for taco tuesday ! i just loved the crispy fish tacos and the carne asada . there are about 8 options each for two bucks . next time i will try the horchata , but overall a great date with my love !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved the tacos here ! husband & i have been wanting to try this place for a while . went out for dinner with our friends & we will all be coming back soon . margaritas we 're delicious ! salsa that comes out with the chips is pretty spicy . my husband was impressed by the selection of craft beers available since he was expecting domestic drafts & corona . my only minor issue was sitting out on the patio and not being able to read the menu because the lighting is n't that great . i would love to see some cute and festive patio lights strung across the patio !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , wish i had taken pictures ! i was sure hungry and this place hit the spot ! ! delicious roasted salsa & tomitillo salsa , i had the nachos with carne asada meat , huge serving the left overs will be calling my name tomorrow . yum yum yum , my friends ordered tacos , shrimp ceviche , mexican street corn . i will definitely visit this establishment again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i 'm ever on gilbert road starving to death , and postino joe 's bbq liberty market socal fish taco co. are otherwise unavailable , i would return . absolutely nothing to write home about here . the carne asada was meh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've gone here maybe 3 times and each time was great . i love their taco selection . the battered fish one is my favorite . i love their agua frescas as well ! they are a must have ! spike the horchata one if you want an adult beverage ! service has always been on point . one time i went where there was a long wait and employees came around asking us if we wanted waters or appetizers while waiting . that 's a great business for you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new in town and i heard great things about this place . went here with the whole family and we had a nice time . place was family friendly . my 6 year old daughter lived he complementary chips and salsa . the food was average , i had better , however our waitress was really good . she was attentive to our needs and the family had a good time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stopped here for a quick bite before heading to another spot and we stumbled upon their $ 2 taco tuesday . although you can not select any taco from the menu the choices provided are quite good . i had 3 tacos the standard which was my favorite , the pork was okay and the carne was typical , no surprises . i have to say that the prickly pear margarita was the absolute best ! ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "joyride was excellent for happy hour . the tacos were amazing with flavor and the house margaritas and beer specials were very good . friendly staff as well . make sure to get there early or you could be waiting in a big line which means others feel the same way .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great tacos and tues nights they have the deal for i believe , $ 2 tacos ? its been a few weeks since i 've been . but it is crowded on that night of course so be advised . good to great service both times i visited , fair prices even on non promo days . my only critiques are , the prickly pear marg is gross i 'm sorry it is just nasty , and i have no idea why refried black beans are a thing here . when i ordered the black beans , i was not told they were refried and mushed to death . they were too salty or ... .something i 'm not sure what i tasted but no do n't do it . black beans are best with salt , citrus , and left whole . no need to be overly fancy . great tacos though , good salsa , pretty decent guac although its the one thing on the menu that is overpriced for the portion you get .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a really great taco place ! i went here with my family a week or two ago . the atmosphere is nice and casual , but it 's still okay to wear a cute dress or a nice shirt . they have good happy hour deals ! my family mostly ordered from this because we wanted to try the tacos . we were n't let down ! i got the standard ( signature ? ) taco which was delicious ! be prepared for a little bit of a messy meal though . do n't wear your best outfit in case you drop , drip , or spill . my only complaint ( if you can even call it that ! ) is that the waiters waitresses all wear regular nice clothes , so if you have questions , you must memorize the face . you might mistake a twenty something for one of the workers ! but otherwise very good service and very good fresh food ! a fun place to try with your friends or family .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place , gave them 4 stars when they opened , bumping them up to 5 now.. the aqua frescas are not the best ( kinda watery ) but the tacos are legit ! ! ! so good , yum ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is right down the street from my house , and it is where i take my corolla to get serviced . my main man craig always takes care of me and the facility is super nice . they offer free pastries and fruit , free bottles of water , free coffee and even free popcorn . they have comfortable chairs , free wifi , clean restrooms etc . i have had nothing but great service and minimal wait times here . i will continue to come back again and again . i have to say , i have had pretty good luck with getting great service advisers at toyota ! ( scott in santee , and now craig here in surprise . ) could n't ask for anything else . great job , toyota !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service center was horrible . people who do not have customer service skills should not be working as service customer service rep. first , my service rep called me back to confirm my appointment only after we called his manager . when we arrived , it was completely slow and no one even said hello or how can we help you . my rep then was on the defense about what i thought the issue might be . he took the car , did n't even tell us what the next steps were after i 've had to go back to his counter and ask . two hours later , i had to call him back so that he can give me the diagnosis . no call backs , no customer service , no thanks ! i will certainly not recommend this service center to anyone and i will not be buying my next car here or recommend it to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "does not matter if you make an appt . your car will be taken care of when it 's next in line . they will not change fluids but check mark they did on the list they give you . and they do n't let you know when your vehicle will be ready . you have to continuously ask . junior in the service dept told me that their wee other vehicles ahead of mine that 's why it took so long . what 's the point in making an appt ? my husband has left numerous voice messages and no one has gotten back to him . is n't a dealership suppose to be a+ ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "shout out to the great customer service today from austin and tony . friendly , efficient and both were pleasant . enjoyed a starbucks cappuccino while i waited for my `` free '' car wash . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to leave a review specifically for shannon k. , internet sales manager . i reached out to her about a pre-owned car that i was interested in . she took the time and effort to send me a video walk-around of the car , and was very accessible and professional throughout our communications -- both verbal and by email text . i was impressed that she followed-up with me without being the least bit pushy . living out of the area added a dimension of complexity , and the car ended up being sold before i was ready to move on the purchase . as requested by me in a previous discussion , shannon emailed me to politely let me know that the vehicle had been sold . in all the interactions that i 've ever had in the past with a pre-owned sales rep , shannon takes the prize for being the most professional and courteous . she is a great ambassador for toyota of surprise , and i would n't hesitate to recommend any of my family and or friends to purchase a vehicle from her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a wonderful sales experience ! i found out that my old car had some major issue , and would need a lot of repair , during my 2 week vacation ( oy ! ) . so i had my partner help me with getting a new vehicle . toyota of surprise ( specifically ron carter ) really did a great deal to help us out with the situation , especially given my absence . their salespeople are salaried , and not commission-based which i believe contributes greatly to the experience . i felt no pressure , a willingness to answer questions , and a cooperative instead of exploitative experience , which is very different than when i bought my previous car . when the vehicle was delivered , ron took great care to explain everything about my car and its features . the deal was worked out smoothly and i felt taken care of and not taken advantage of . i will definitely recommend toyota of surprise as the place to buy if one is looking for a toyota at a hassle-free , great price , with great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we purchased our car ( scion ia 2016 ) at this location today . i have to say we were impressed by their salesman brian . he did not push us at all . he did n't start any of their `` business '' talk until we are ready . every single time we go to dealership , we `` always '' get a person who 's very pushy and also brings us horrible numbers , so we were very scared to go to any dealership but i really liked the way he treated us today . thank you so much for all your service ! : ) i would like to recommend this dealership to my friends for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our experience at toyota in surprise was great ! ! our sales guy erick deleon was exceptional ! ! he listened carefully to what we wanted and was looking for . and worked out all the finance part very well ! ! my husband and i will definitely be back for another new car we will purchase in the future ! thanks again toyota surprise ! thanks again erick ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "`` above and beyond '' three words i hardly ever can ever say when dealing with customer service . i purchased an extended warranty that ran out end of 2014 . before it ran out my water pump needed to be replaced and it was covered . ever since than my truck and needed coolant every time i came in for an oil change . well today my truck was in getting an oil change and service manager cory called me said they now know why my truck was missing fluid my radiator has been leaking . he looked back at the previous service tickets and decide to replace my radiator and provide a free oil change as well as my rear differential service . that type of service has made me a customer for life . this is one review that 5 stars does not do justice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just switched from larry miller to this dealer for 10,0000 service . easy , no drama service . thank you ritchie ! nice waiting area with free lattes , water , snacks . will continue to drive the few extra miles for service here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shopping for a truck and the staff was very helpful and friendly no pressure to buy . free car wash every tuesday and saturdays .. highly recommend this business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "purchased a 2016 tundra trd pro today and was helped by ramon . great service , we did not feel pressured . also had a great experience with scott the manager as it just did n't seem like the deal would meet our needs but he went above our expectations and found a way to make it work . thanks guys . since my purchase which went well . i am updating my review as the dealership over valued the pay off on my trade in , not the issue . the result is the dealership owes me a refund but it seems to be an issue ? ? ? we have contacted the dealership at least four times , i was even given a call back about 4 weeks ago and assures that my refund was being sent out tomorrow . yet we are still waiting and still playing phone tag with the only individual who seem to be able to help ? ? ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had my new to me toyota serviced here right after i bought it from a private sale . happily and gladly it was all ok . but junior , my service advisor , made me a believer in dealership service again . he explained everything in detail , explained the reasons why servicing schedules are important and was not pushy at wanting to sell me unwarranted service work . he did explain that preventive maintenance is much cheaper than a repair bill . i would strongly recommend junior and toyota of surprise for your service work . way to go toyota for hiring great customer service advisors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't express enough how awesome this dealership is . hands down the best experience i 've ever had with any dealership . no pressure whatsoever we even did numbers prior to our credit being ran . we were not ripped off one bit even when we got home and have gone over everything we actually purchased a vehicle under kelley blue book . and they actually give us kelley blue book value of our trade it . i ca n't express enough how happy i am with this dealership by far the best experience we 've ever had in our entire life . we work with preston and he was amazing . if you 're looking for a vehicle i highly recommend this dealership ... ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "straight forward and no bs . the sales manager roger wales really hooked me up and gave me a great price . i am so satisfied with the straight forward and honest business here that i will be back . thanks preston ( sales ) and ramon in finance for making it worth driving out to arizona from carlsbad to get my truck . very happy with the dealership !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we bought our last car here . it was actually a pleasant experience , no pressure . the salesman ron carter listened to what we were looking for , and made a good match . it was a fair price with no haggling , no let me get my manager , no holding keys hostage on our trade in , as we had experienced with other dealerships . we have been here for service several times , and cory oliver , the service manager has been been exceptionally responsive , taking the time to answer my detailed questions on the service warranty , tire conditions . in one case where i suspect other dealerships would have blown me off , he really stepped up to the plate and made things right . they encourage you to establish a relationship with one service rep so over time you develop trust in his her recommendations . the free starbucks , cookies , car wash , free shuttle or comfortable waiting area are a great touch too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is for tiffany ciesielski . while i eventually went in a different direction , i did get to know jamie , as a sales manager , from the view of a potential buyer . i am impressed with her professional work ethic . she is very responsive to calls & emails . all of my questions were answered completely . transparency in car sales is not always at such a high level . i felt she was being completely honest and quite fair in the information she provided and pricing of the 2016 ia scion i was considering . i came very close to concluding a purchase with her . i know i would have felt good about buying through her . my respect for her increased considerably with her professional response as i told her i had made a different choice . i do know that i would do business with her if the occasion ever arose . you can expect fairness , respect & honesty from jamie !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we got a great deal today on a used toyota highlander and not only did they give me an excellent price on that , but they also gave me top dollar on the trade in for my truck . very happy with the service from both our salesman michael , and from the sales manager doug . wonderful people to work with !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought a new silver 4runner from adrian alvarez . we love our new car . go see adrian ! thanks much toyota of surprise !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best experiences i have ever had buying a car . we have been looking for the last week and we were getting the run around at most other dealers . we drove the car we wanted to see . we came inside and within 10 minutes , they had our trade appraisal right where we wanted it , and they even discounted the price of the new car even more . it was a pleasant surprise that we did n't have to dicker at all and agreed to the deal . we could n't be happier . definitely recommend toyota of surprise to anyone looking for a new or used car . my salesman austin tafoya was incredible and very easy to work with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our sales person was ramon he was fantastic ! not pushy and he took his time with us . everyone here worked with us and we got a great deal on a pre owned vehicle . ramon also took the time to walk me to the service department and get me all set up with my first service appointment . all around a great experience not your typical dealership . thank you ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought a new tacoma from tiffany . great service and a great deal . scott was awesome as well . great place to buy a car ! 10 29 16 . bought a new prius from shannon today . ca n't say enough about the service . love this dealership . shannon rocks ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to take a minute to thank this dealership ! i have a 2014 toyota tundra . i was out of warranty by about 3 weeks . the blower motor in my air conditioning unit was malfunctioning . the service manager cory said he would honor the warranty since it was so close even though i was past date ! this is truly exceptional business . this is the fifth toyota truck that i 've owned , and the next time i am in the market for a new or used vehicle this dealership will be my first stop . i have been to this dealership before for service and have had nothing but positive interactions with the business and the employees . they have earned my business for life . thank you cory ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this toyota dealership is the best . i had the hardest time with my prius c since i purchased it . somehow my charcoal canister broke and toyota avondale wanted to charge me $ 1000 . they told me my warranty did n't cover it . when i took it to this dealership a guy named craig told me he would look into it . when he called me back he said that most likely they will be able to replace it for free under my warranty . i was so happy ! they even washed my car for me . later that day i got a call from craig and he said they were going to replace it next week ! i am so thankful . they really saved me a lot of money . also another plus about this place is the facility is really nice . they have a coffee machine that you can pick what kind you want ( dark , medium etc ) , treats , and a really comfortable waiting area . this place is worth going to . do not go to avondale or the one in peoria because they are terrible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "non hassel and the salesman was knowledgeable beyond expectations . micheal brogdon i believe is an outstanding salesman . i never thought i 'd get a toyota . micheal explained alot of the benifets of the vehicle that i believe goes beyond a normal salesman knowledge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "preston is your guy at surprise toyota if your in the market for a new or used vehicle , he was fantastic . also shout out to robert who handled all our paperwork , great guy . thank you toyota of surprise for a great car buying experience ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience . no pressure sales , super friendly people , would buy here again with no hesitations !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! i took my car in for the 10,000 mile oil change service ( i bought my car at another dalership but serviced it here after reading horrible reviews about their service department ) and was out in less than an hour ! the service guys were courteous , came to the waiting area and gave me updates on when mycar would be done , and were just very friendly ! i highly recommend bringing your toyota or scion here for service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "purchased a new toyota highlander . transaction was smooth and painless . i feel that we got a great deal on the car and with no haggling . in and out in very little time . probably the quickest car purchase that i have ever experienced !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! thank you micheal brogdon for going that extra mile and for all your help in finding the right truck for me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well i never thought i would leave 5 stars for a dealership , but here it is ! i was approved within a day and picked up my cars the next day without any hassle . the sales experience was smooth and the staff was friendly . the vehicles we are leasing are great . i 'll definitely be coming back for another toyota when my lease is up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service ! ! ! toyota of surprise provided me with the best price and most importantly the best overall experience when purchasing my new car . buying a new car should be exciting , but i had a bad experience with another dealership earlier in the week , and was very reluctant to step into another dealership . sam and david at surprise made the entire process simple , and were both so friendly and helpful . even though they are a `` no haggle '' dealership , we did n't need to because their price was more competitive than anyone else in town . i am so glad i found toyota of surprise and will recommend anyone in the market for a toyota to not shop anywhere else . i love my new car ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though i purchased my new toyota camry from aaa auto buying service , i was assured that the oil changes for the first 2 years 20,000 miles would be completed for free at any toyota dealer -- and that is correct ! i called and made an appointment for 3 pm on the friday before labor day weekend . when i drove in , mark from the service department greeted me and reconfirmed that the 5,000 mile service was free , and that they would perform an oil change , check the fluids , and rotate the tires . he also said that i would be out and on my way in under 1 hour . everything was completed quickly and easily , and i was on my way in less than 45 minutes ( while able to wait in a very comfortable lounge area in the showroom , with free refreshments ) . it just does n't get any better than this !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review has been amended . after having my 2016 tacoma serviced today at the toyota of surprise i 've added 2 stars to the rating , my first review was due to the fact this dealership was n't getting any 2016 tacoma inventory onto the lot while others in the area had multiple vehicles on the lot to choose from , i 'd rather shop close to home , which tos is , but had to purchase elsewhere unfortunately . i am very satisfied with the time it took for the 5k service , which also included an oil change . friendly staff , popcorn and water with plenty of seating for those waiting for their vehicle service . i also looked at the new avalon , nice car .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my sales person , joe pignatello was both very knowledgeable on the various vehicles we discussed , and incredibly helpful . we were buying a new car for my mother , and this was a very difficult process for her as my father had recently passed away and she had never had to do anything like this without him . joe was very patient and took his time explaining everything , and it was honestly the best new car buying experience that i ever had . everyone else at the toyota of surprise dealership was also very nice and helpful . although this is not the closest toyota dealership to my home , i will not hesitate to go back when it is time to purchase our next vehicle . we have multiple toyota 's in our family and have always been pleased with their reliability , so i know the time for a new purchase will not be far away . i highly recommend that anyone looking for a toyota go see joe pignatello in surprise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i worked with graham faria at toyota today . he was extremely friendly and efficient . he got everything done in a timely manner and had everything ready for me when i came in . he had me meet with the gm who got involved with my trade in and i thought that was very professional . totally going to recommend this place to anyone looking for a new toyota .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just bought a new camry here today . this is by far the best car buying experience i have ever had . i 'm 61 , and have purchased many cars over the years . graham was the salesman . outstanding . he did n't try to play any car salesman b.s . games . i researched the price before going there . i told him what i 'd pay , out the door , take it or leave it . they took it . very smooth transaction . erica in the finance department is a real sweetheart . a 19 year old college student . she handled her business like a seasoned veteran . i am highly pleased with my car buying experience at this dealership .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is about their service department on a saturday . so , i made an appointment for 2pm to have our highlander 's oil changed . i got there a head of my appointment time and was told by the service writer it would be an 1 to 1-1 2 hours . what ! because i see my vehicle as an investment and want to keep it in top shape , i stayed . yes my choice , i get it . but , why have appointments , on saturday 's , if you have to wait . why not make saturday 's first come . that 's right ... better service ! if you 're going to buy your new vehicle here and have it serviced in there service department ... my advice ... lower you expectations .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time having my toyota serviced here- i used to go to the dealership in scottsdale . my service advisor juan was very friendly and told me what services were needed and what could wait . i appreciated that and i 'm happy to have a place close to home to take my car for service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great staff . great cars . great deal . very honest and fair . offered us a few thousand more for our trade then the the dealership on i10 and the 101 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wo n't be returning here again . i brought in my 2017 tacoma and was told it would be a four hour wait for an oil change . thanks anyways i 'll stick to avondale toyota where i 've bought my last six cars", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a great buying experience . a few issues with the vehicle we purchased were fixed in a fast manner and the team was willing to make things right .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "toyota of surprise has the best maintenance staff that we have ever had the pleasure to work with . starting from the service manager cory oliver , the service writers mark castleman , junior solorio and the highly trained mechanic that we worked with dell nelson . cory oliver runs the department like a well oiled machine , we have seen him fill in and work when short on staff , no stranger to hard work . the waiting room is awesome , enjoy fresh brewed starbucks coffee or tea , donuts and bottled water , oyes forgot to mention the popcorn . if you need to go somewhere while your car is being serviced conrad is a very pleasant individual and is ready willing and able to take you there . a very professional , friendly environment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't like buying cars , but this was a very pleasant experience . on my first visit i was greeted by ramon suarez . we took a test drive in a new camry that i spotted on their web site . ramon did a good job of explaining the features and i was finished and out of there in less than an hour . no pressure to `` buy right this minute '' or else . i told ramon that i wanted to think about it . i like their pricing policy , no haggling . ramon called a few times and i returned 6 days after the first visit and bought the car . again , no pressure . kristina was very good in signing me up . that total visit was an hour or so . so , in about two total hours of the first and second visit i was finished and feeling good about my purchase . since then i have receive two calls to make sure everything was good . thanks ramon . ca n't wait to need another car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "again , very happy with my experience . they got us checked in right away , everyone was smiling and eager to assist , and they even have a pretty sweet coffee maker available . very happy this dealership is open and continues to be my first choice for work and trusted advice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in to check out their inventory . they told us they were going to appraise my car 's trade in value . we gave up the keys , then proceeded to sit for 30 plus minutes . no one showed us any cars . they came back with the keys . told us the appraisors were working on another car . we left , not sure anyone noticed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i highly recommend this dealership . every time i service my vehicle there , the service is exquisite . my service advisor , junior , is friendly , easy to understand and well versed in his field . he always greets me with a smile , no matter how busy he is . corey , the service manager is outstanding as well . he actually allowed me to borrow his reading glasses today , while i waited for my vehicle all the staff members i interacted with were friendly as well . it seems like they all enjoy working there . the waiting is area is brite , open and inviting , yet cozy . a nice choice of quality complimentary coffee and soft cookies are available to customers as well . my time in the waiting area is always relaxing . i feel as if i am treated like a valued customer at this dealership .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ernie p. did a great job with the internet sale . it 's the best way to go . haggled over price and options before we ever arrived and it was all in writing . was a pleasure doing business this way . only 2 problems ... the pictures of the vehicle on the internet was not the vehicle they had for us when we arrived . -- the wheels were different -- then it took over three hours for the service department to fix a glove box door .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bought a used rav4 at this dealership a few months ago and decided to try their service department for an oil change . they have a yellow service special on their website stating oil change , tire rotation , and park brake adjustment . reservations were a week in advance ( for an oil change ? ) . and when i went in , they did n't even know that the park brake service was part of the yellow service and did n't believe me until i told them it was on their web site . they said it would be a separate appointment and basically would n't do any good since `` that 's the way they are '' , so i said forget it and paid about $ 90 for an oil change and tire rotation which took a week to schedule and complete . i wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bought a new tundra on saturday from joe . the transaction went smooth ! ! ! from the time we stuck the deal to delivery was less then 15 mins , including signing all papers in finance . they have an excellent system and an excellent team .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought a highlander limited from toyota of surprise . i did try to haggle since i found the exact same vehicle in sierra vista for $ 1500 less ( not the color i wanted , and delivery would take five weeks as the car was on order ) but they really do not haggle . i respected this and decided to pay the extra money because they had the exact color and packages i wanted in the highlander . talked to tiffany twice on the phone for less than a total of five minutes and then went in and bought the car . fast and easy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "esmeralda acosta , ernie primero at sales was very helpful and went out of their way to make the process of purchasing a car less stressful . junior at service was also very knowledgeable and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my toyota tundra is the best truck i have ever owned , it 's a 2005 limited and when i tell you it 's the best truck that 's because dealerships like surprise toyota care about people like me that like to take care of their vehicles . i 've been to a lot of toyota dealerships across the country but i 've never been treated like i get treated at surprise toyota thanks to them and my outstanding service advisor junior solorio that man knows how to treat a customer 's needs , and as far as i 'm concerned junior has gone way out of his way to keep me happy plus he knows my truck like i do and that 's what i like in a service advisor , i 'm not just a number . please keep up the good work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service department is great . they did a whole inspection on my car after the hybrid battery on my prius died . they got the problem fixed faster than i expected and were friendly and professional throughout the entire interaction . the total price of the repair was astronomical . but i guess that 's what you get with all this new technology . luckily i mentally prepared myself for the expense and everything went smoothly . very happy with my experience here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was sent here yesterday by avondale toyota to look at a toyota sequoia platinum redrock interior package and speak to ernie . saw it only through the tinted glass as it was locked.went inside and looked around for while and was never contacted by anyone . first time ever for us on any car lot ever . hard to believe its possible to drive onto a lot and park it in sight of the front door , wander around inside and out and never speak to a single person ... if you are just browsing vehicle exteriors , this may be the place to go . if you are serious about buying a new toyota , go elsewhere where they want your business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best dealership experience hands down ! ! ! ! i called directly and made a test drive appointment with a sales manager named jt , told him which tacoma i wanted that was in his showroom and made an appointment . jt , michael ( sales ) and kendal ( finance ) treated me and my grandma like family ! there was absolutely no pressure for the sale , which is hard to find . jt and michael made sure i was well taken care of and went the extra mile to ensure i was really getting the best price . of course i did my homework for pricing , and we agreed on a great price . thank you jt , michael and kendal for helping me get the truck of my dreams ! you guys are awesome", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kudos to mark lauer in the service department . he went above and beyond what i expected by working around my difficult schedule . i will be back in the future for more service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i typically dislike the whole car buying process . a lot of prejudging and high pressure . i walked into this place and had one of the best experiences in a long time . ( please keep in mind a checked out 6 dealerships locally before making a decision ) . i worked with ron and he did great job . low to no pressure , gave me time to think and just made it good time . the managers were very friendly and everyone through it the process had a family friendly attitude . if you 're in he market give this place a shot . there a bit out of the way , but i 'll tell you what ... . they are darn friendly and easy to do biz with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our experience was great ! our purchase went very smoothly and we were happy to leave with the deal and payments we were looking for . cory , tony and the rest of the toyota of surprise team that worked with us were all professional , helpful and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a fantastic place ... esmeralda was so nice and patient in showing me how to work things in my car even though it was so late already . ramon explained things to me about all the things in my contract . i love my car and going to enjoy driving it . i recommend buying a car here ... no pressure and no haggling was the best ! well worth the 2 hours it took me to decide and seal the deal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best car buying experience ever ... . joe pignatello was such a professional , non-pushy , at-ease salesman . that 's how you know when someone knows their product . does n't have to sugar coat anything . in and out in about an hour and a half ... .. if i ever buy another car it definitely will be a toyota and at this dealership ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here to look at a new tacoma and was greeted by joe p. he was very nice and knowledgeable about options . i was impressed by how everyone was nice , helpful and lacked that typical 'car guy ' mentality . scot g helped with my financing decision and i was off in a new tacoma . what an awesome experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was great experience ! i got a really good price on my tundra . and i have been back a few times already to get a car wash .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my expeirance at toyota of surprise is one of complete satisfaction beyond my needs and expectation in purchasing a vehicle . i have purchased many cars in the past , but have to say the professionalize , great prices , no haggling and every one from our sales rep anthony ewing ( i will never buy a car from another sales advisor ) -- to his manager scott and gm michael , expressed nothing but ginuien appreciation for my business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shannon was absolutely great in putting the dums family into their second toyota rav4 . thanks you shannon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "esmeralda was the best ! we went to many different dealers and were disappointed until we met her . she worked very hard for hours to get us the best deal and get us qualified . they make you feel comfortable here without all the salesman pressure . would highly recommended esmeralda and the whole crew at toyota of surprise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since day one of bringing my vehicle in junior has taken care of me like no other service personnel has ever done before . he is very professional , returns phone calls , and values customers at this dealership . junior is a true asset to the service department and i will continue to drive 15 miles out of my way anytime of the day to visit him and his crew . i live only 3 miles away from peoria toyota and have never used them nor do i plan on it due to the 5 star service i always receive in surprise please take a moment to hold a meeting with the management staff to say a simple thank you to junior for a job well done , as this only continues to retain customers because of his positive attitude and willing to help in any way he can possible . lifetime customer of toyota of surprise ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just left a very positive comment and now i 'm rethinking it ... i 've been calling adrian for a week to no avail regarding why my previous loan has n't been paid off yet and regarding my friend 's referral credit . i wish someone would call me back with some info or answers . not very difficult questions to answer , nor requests to fulfill .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent service ! junior went above and beyond to get me in and to get my problem solved the same day . very professional and extremely knowledgeable . toyota of surprise has earned my trust ! ! thank you , junior !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just purchased a toyota camry at this dealership and it was a surprisingly pleasant experience . michael borgdon was our salesperson and he was straight forward . no double talk or mysterious trips to consult with the finance manager as in so many other dealerships . loved the private bays they have where your vehicle sits and the salesperson in private points out the features of your new car . michael even paired our cellphones with the car 's bluetooth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a dream for anyone who wants to travel back in time to enjoy the finer things in life ! pieces have been perfectly picked by the owner . prices are super reasonable . so many treasures here ! allow yourself at least an hour to come try on a few different identities . there are many vegan soaps and candles and tons of cute local stuff ! best vintage shop in to ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best price points for used and vintage items . i honestly get lost in this store and bought so many lovely things from here . i hardly ever say 5 stars on yelp , but this one deserves it for friendliest customer service , great price points , and awesome selection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this shop . attentive but not over-your-shoulder staff . well curated items and your one stop shop for deer antlers ! i wish they had more stuff for dudes , but the kinck-knacks and do-dads are worth the trip alone . the store boasts a change room which is plus . sadly my cowboy boot spurs did n't whisk me back to the wild west but the price was more than fair . you do n't get the folksy charm of the salvation army down the street but some great stuff , for a good price , from a friendly staff . i would recommend checking this place out ! then go across the street to 3-speed and have a cocktail or two . you 've earned it you titan of vintage shopping !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stumbled into the store when i was in the area on a lazy sunday . the store is well-priced and the clothes are oh-so-cute ! i tried on at least a dozen items and walked out with three silk tops for under $ 60 as they were doing a buy two get one free promotion . the owner is very friendly without being too much , i also ended up getting some earl grey tea which smelt amazing . i would def come back to shop their new stuff as the owner has great taste and prices her items well . this place is n't like over priced vintage stores downtown and has much better quality things than the kind exchanges etc .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone , heads up ! i used be a loyal customer of water mill express because they service the machines daily , clean and convinient but recently noticed the water tasted off and also noticed the daily service stickers are missing . checked other locations too . tried to contact by phone as before but no longer an option , only email . so i wrote them about my concerns and they just side stepped my questions and said they would send me some free tokens that i did n't ask for . that was 2 weeks ago . no tokens . my summation is that they no longer service the machines daily as before and am now going to a nearby water store . it 's a little more expensive and not as convenient but at least i know the water is good quality and tastes better too ! i recommend you all do the same ! ! ! watermill is now exactly like the glacier water machines outside of every circle k and walgreens which are rarely if ever serviced !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got ta love those little windmill-shaped purified-water vending stations in many parking lots all over the city . just a quarter for a gallon of pure drinking water and the dispensers are sanitized daily , unlike other water vending stations . the company donates to charitable causes and its founders created the daily service foundation , which helps support children and families in need around the world . so it feels good to support their business .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to get all my water from these watermill express vendors because they 're everywhere and so convenient . i could always count on them being serviced daily . but now they no longer have a `` date serviced '' sticker . you have no idea what you 're getting ... i just as soon hook up to the hose in my back yard and take my chances . i tried to get in touch with the company months ago when i first went to one that had no date . i got nothing and nothing of any substance from an email . i 'll go to every gas station , walgreens or cvs looking for a good date on a machine than use these again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the spot for addressing your complexion concerns ! maku is the most amazing person i have ever received a facial from . it 's not everyday you meet someone in the skincare esthetician industry that will actually listen to your complexion concerns . but will also sit down and take a look at your current skincare treatment and lifestyle habits to help get to the bottom of the problem instead of just treating the symptoms . it was easy to see she loves her work and wants her clients to see improvement in their appearance . she was patient and explained the what , why , and how of every product she used during my treatment . she did n't try to sell me anything or tell me i needed anything to `` fix '' my skin . i will be returning to gingerhoney skin care .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "maku is an amazing skin care professional and esthetician who knows her stuff when it comes to acne treatment , chemical peels , acne facials , and the challenges affecting clients of all skin types and tones , including really sensitive skin and ethnic skin . she 's warm , friendly , caring , very easy to talk to , and was able to work with my budget . customer service and excellence is at the heart of everything she does . at the same time , her line of skin brightening and acne products really work . use them right and you 'll clear up really fast , just like i did . she 's also phoenix , arizona 's `` arch angel '' . there is no one else on the planet who can do brow design and help you maintain beautiful brows like maku can . she 's a real eyebrow shaping expert and brow makeover artist with a passion for her work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a wealth of knowledge ! amazing ! incredible ! such a a professional and true skincare genius ! love her honesty ! she is my personal skin coach ! my skin looks better already and i 've only had two visits with her ! looking forward to my third ! thanks sooo much ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "maku is brilliant . she know what she 's doing . very informative . brings confidence to her clients . me and my wife were there for the first time getting a peel . maku has a lot of patience , expertise and is there to help answer questions , recommendations etc . we received much better service than expected . we definitely recommend her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really great value ! best fast food burgers in town , better than culvers . went on a thursday and thick burger combo was $ 6 bucks with tax ! burger was big tasty and messy . fries we 're hot and seasoned nicely . if your thinking red robin burger without the sit down price tag , come here and you 'll be pleasantly surprised : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious food ( their burgers are seriously the best fast-food burgers ) ! the service here is fine , the prices are a bit high , and this location is nice and quiet . all-in-all , an okay place , especially considering it 's fast food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok so i spent $ 7 on a combo the biscuit alone was four . how do you say `` loaded omelette biscuit '' if there is n't anything in it ? ? ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hardee 's in madison is kind of a tradition for my family whenever we drive through town . we do not have a hardee 's where we live so it is kind of a treat for us . simply put , the food is better than mc donalds and the deals are comparable . the service is not quite as quick but your food is fresher when you get it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the hand breaded chicken strips ! ! ! always fresh food , got ta have it", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly staff but recommend going elsewhere . hidden charges with buying combo meals . they are only place that charge you extra if you opt out of coffee to get a small soda . should of went to mcdonald 's", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not impressed at all ! first of all i have been getting `` annual paps and exams '' for over 20 yrs and i 'm a nurse so i 'm very familiar with the procedures and what to expect . after speaking with the np kathleen it sounded as if she had great experience too . well . ... .. she did n't do the manual exam to check my ovaries , kind of a key piece of the appointment considering they only do 3 physical things ( breast exam , pap smear , and biannual exam ) . as if that was n't enough she was very quick to get out of room , so fast she did n't even use soap when she `` washed '' her hands . i 'm sorry but getting your finger tips wet then drying them does n't count as washing them ! ! ! ! yikes ! ! ! ! will definitely be looking for a new ob .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so thankful for laura pearson . from day one laura has been awesome . she is always patient and genuinely concerned for our baby and my wife . we had only good experiences through the pregnancy . only one time did we ever have to wait long and that 's because laura was on a delievery and when it came time for laura to be with us on our delivery i felt truly cared for by someone who had become more than just a doctor . we had some one we trusted with us and we could feel was in our corner when we had to deal with a long hospital stay . i wouldent change anything about our interactions with this office and dr laura . everyone was great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "charlene hanna-manfull is the most amazing provider ! ! ! ! she is a nurse practitioner . she cares greatly about her patients and she is constantly wanting to give the best she can.. amazingggg", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the office itself - blah . i always have to wait ! minus 1 star . however , i do love midwife charlene hanna-manfull . she delivered my first baby and will be delivering my next one as well . easy going , helpful , and always spends time if you have any questions . if you want to have a natural birth in a hospital , charlene is the way to go !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place . charlene hanna - manfull has delivered both of my babies ( 2011 and 2015 ) . she is amazing . i also love the staff here as well . i 've never had any problems coming here . they all are very nice . smile and welcomed me every time i came in . i definitely recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here with my wife on every appointment we 've had and waited at least 45 minutes before getting called in to the room . in the room we wait at least 30 minutes before the doctor seen us . i do n't ever write reviews so this is obviously a very horrible experience . avoid this place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a joke . i 've been waiting two hours in the waiting room ! god only knows when i 'm going to get called back and how long i 'm going to have to wait for the doctor . also this doctor is for the kid inside you leave the mouth breather assholes who are already out and walking at home . the staff is completely unprofessional and does n't even know what 's going on half the time . they have an overflow waiting room that they do n't even keep track off because one girl came in and said i 've been over there and just got a text saying i missed my appointment . this is ridiculous", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a great experience here ! everyone was very friendly and efficient . worked with charlene hanna-manfull up until april of last year when i was pregnant with my first . maybe i 'm just easy to please or more patient than most , but i honestly have nothing to complain about . i showed up to my appointments on time and was always seen to in a timely fashion ! i definitely intend to come here for my next !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome staff ! ! ! makes being at the doctors office not too bad ! dr. harter is so efficient and has great bedside manners . the nurses blow all vegas nurses out of the water . the lab techs have n't hurt me ever and they are super sweet . i love everyone that works in this office !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aside from the long waiting times , i 'm fairly pleased with the care i 'm receiving . dr. harter is very knowledgeable and willing to answer any questions i have . however , i do feel that with today 's modern technology , appointment delays could be managed a lot better . why ca n't a text be sent to me letting me know to arrive 30-60 min . late so that i 'm not just sitting in the waiting room . i have a life too ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent doctors . super-great customer service from the appointment desk to check-in staff at whatever location i have been too . super-pleased with everything . it would be nice to have water available in the front rooms considering it 's a doctors office and the las vegas heat . that would be my only caveat however five stars on the quality of care and bedside manner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a coffee shop , it 's ok . nothing special , but fine . as a source for coffee- and tea-making hardware , it 's overpriced . you 'll find cheaper elsewhere with little effort , and better customer service to go with it . what 's truly bizarre about this place is that it claims to be super ecologically conscious , but all of the profits go to climate change denial . seriously , google `` green beanery climate change '' and see for yourself . this non-profit sends 100 % of its proceeds to a lobby group that argues fossil fuels are the most environmentally friendly energy source . it 's mind-boggling .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff here is the opposite of overbearing - they 're aloof and and busy ( surely ) daydreaming about their breakthrough role in a canadian tire commercial or wishing they 'd be the subject of a cl missed connection . do they even notice that i regularly come in here to use the bathroom yet have never once made an actual purchase ? nope . bathrooms are clean , well appointed and there 's never a lineup or key required for use . if only they had better hours !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just enjoyed nom nom noming a freaking awesome red velvet cupcake here . made by omg bakery , it was light , moist , and fluffy . and of course , the cream cheese icing was killer ! my latte was great as well , and i love how there are lots of spots to sit and watch people going in and out of honest ed 's . will definitely be back ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visiting green beanery makes me appreciate the $ 4 cappuccino i drink at cafes from now on , in order to make a good cup of coffee espresso cappuccino what people would have go through for the perfect cup . if i have to - buy the green bean - get a roaster to roast the coffee bean $ 150 - get a grinder to grind the beans $ 150 - get the coffee machine to make the coffee $ 500 - $ 1500 ? - gee i need that frothing pitcher so my milk will be nice and frothy ? ? ? $ 40 and the result will be some homemade my version of crabby cappuccino ? ( and without the human interaction and people watching ? ) nice quiet environment with high ceilings . the mocha latte i ordered using my indie coffee passport is a-ok. not too sweet just have a hint of choco . the big windows overlooking bathurst give me a nice view for people watching ... .. and daydreaming ... ... ... .. no free wifi ... booo", "score": "3"}
{"review": "c o f f e e p a s s p o r t s t o p ( # 10 ) drink : mocha ( one size ) atmosphere : on one half of the place it feels like a coffee section in sears and on the other half , it 's the actual cafe with lots of tables . felt modern and futuristic because of all the colours and glass that was used here . i liked it . although the staff seemed pretty dull , the drink was definately not . my mocha had a great balance of chocolate and coffee , still maintaining the strength of the coffee flavour . some places were watered down and had that thick leftover residue , while this place did n't ! also , their location is great too , it 's just a few steps away from bathurst station ! very convenient . verdict : i 'd come back . thumbs up !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "1 . intelligentisia , sam james , te aro , ( soy latte ) 2 . crema , green grind ( soy latte ) , ideal coffee ( chai latte ) 3 . tan , green beanery ( soy latte ) 4 . mascot ( soy latte ) 5 . bisogno espresso bar ( soy latte ) 6 . tampered press ( chai latte ) i would really give it a 3.5. it 's just that competition is tough with the coffee shops . it was very good . but , if i had to choose between green beanery and creama , i would pick crema . i think it 's a really cool place to visit though . they have all the coffee from all over the world .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the staff reminds me of what it felt like to be an teen factory worker , while growing up in korea . i remember seeing the same dead eyes every morning . the warning sign on the front door was nice of them , making me just paranoid enough to hold my pee , i needed to catch up on the kegel exercises anyways . they 're so forward thinking that they do n't offer wifi so do n't forget to bring your stone and chisel . good thing the csi coffee pub is just down the street .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is amazing if you love good coffee and a great place to people-watch or just bask in a sunny day . it 's usually packed and out of the many times i 've been there i 've been able to sit down at a table once . the best seats are the ones facing the windows though . it 's also a great place to buy coffee tea related products ! overall , it 's one of my top cafes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off i 'm not a coffee drinker so this review is not about the coffee . i usually come here to meet up with friends for chit chat . i 've usually ordered one of the herbal teas , nothing special since it is store brand ( stash tea ) . it 's good for people watching , free to use the washroom if you happen to be in the area , sunny and located in a former bank . the old vault in the back has been converted into a room you can book for meetings . i do n't know if anyone does though . sometimes seating can be tight since i 've seen 1 person sitting at 2 person tables or groups doing homework around 1 table . what can you expect from this student area ? i guess the next options is starbucks , second cup or aroma across the street .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'll have to agree with a lot of other reviews . good coffee equipment and beans but the staff essential will drive this place out of business . when i went there only one guy was working , the others stood around , then the same guy had to walk over and make my coffee too in addition to doing the cash , poor fellow . we ordered a tea and when one was ready at the counter we asked if it was ours , mint ? the reply from the girl `` working '' was was `` just smell it '' . ah , excuse me didnt you just make it , where were you ? , it was early grey . if most of the employees would get fired or quit and go elsewhere with their useless bad attitude and then they hire happy nice students from the university near by whom need a job , this place may then survive and get better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i really did n't like the whole vibe of this place . i was with a couple friends from vancouver who wanted to go to a coffee shop around bloor and spadina , could n't find anything better closer so we decided to hop in and take a look . the layout is just god-awful . there were two line ups for one cashier and people were almost literally getting into fist fights over who was first . and for a place who sells there own coffee -- you would think they would at least sell good coffee . it was mediocre at best , should have ordered an americano ... maybe it would have been better ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is one of those places that i really wanted to like . good concept , good product mix , good prices , nice space . though , like many before have commented , it falls apart with the staff . i honestly believe that they try , but it just does n't cut it . they are n't terribly well trained and occasionally just seem disinterested . lately , i 've stuck with drip coffee whenever i 've been by , since its much easier to not screw up . last time , i saw the guy steaming milk with the pitcher sitting under the steaming wand unattended , a la-starbucks . i 'm not asking for latte art , but they should know not to do that . a few times , i 've found foreign objects ( i.e . pennies ) that were roasted with the coffee . i contacted the owner the first time , did n't bother after that . the switch to clear bags was probably a good idea . what bothers me about this place is that it could be a lot better . time will tell i guess .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the green beanery is one of the many coffee shops within a 5-6 block span of bloor around bathurst . so , what 's special about green beanery ? well , for one , this place have a great spot at the south east corner of bloor and bathurst . it 's giant windows and plenty of stool seating make it a great spot for people watching . the ceilings are much higher in this coffee shop ( compared to the others in the area ) and creates an wide open feeling you do n't get at any of the alternatives . even with every seat filled , you do n't feel cramped in here . the other important thing to know about green beanery that in addition to being a coffee shop , it 's a retail space for fair trade beans , coffee makers , espresso machines , and other related gear . in fact , the store itself is a smaller part of a non-profit organization that sells fair trade coffee products across canada . noble stuff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great shop for green coffee beans and coffee related gear , a vast selection of varieties and equipment , the prices for green coffee beans are unmatched , the very cheapest in north america , they ship fast if you buy online . it 's somewhat funny to read about the coffee hipsters going in here and being disappointed with the decor or the speciality coffee that 's not even on the menu but the people were nice enough to try to make it and then show your gratitude by bitching about it online.. so lame ... sadly guys the only way to truly have great coffee , is to roast it , grind it and brew it yourself . unless they are roasting it themselves , any roasted coffee you are drinking in any shop in this world is stale and easily been roasted 6-9+ months prior to it going in your cup , that 's very stale coffee folks , mmmmm lol , gross ... lol", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well , i would 've given this place a 3 based on the fact that it tends to be packed and the food options are so-so . i really do n't get excited by it . by the time i roll around here i 've already had coffee and so i have n't had a chance to try it . my experience has been allllright . but once i read the reviews other 's had posted about being fair-trade and a non-profit - well that 's just nifty . it 's so nifty , it 's nift-tastic . i will definitely support this place more know that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the green beanery is full of students and young professionals drinking coffees and eating baked goods . it is a great place to eavesdrop ( is that creepy ) while you re-caffeinate . part store-part coffee shop , you can fulfil all your coffee needs - buying fresh roasted beans , espresso makers , travel mugs and all the doo-dads and coffee paraphernalia you can imagine . the space is nice , with lots of seating and coffee-sack covered tables . i used my coffee passports here twice , once having a latte and the other time having a mocha . the latte was better than the mocha , it was creamy and had a nice full flavour . it is better than average coffee , but not as good as some of the coffee all-stars in toronto .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "# indiecoffeepassport stop # 5 is it wrong to that i like the green beanery solely for their comfy chairs ? i know that they serve fair trade organic beans , and the americanos and lattes i 've had here were good , but i love their comfy leather parsons chairs ! even though the green beanery is located on a busy intersection and it gets a lot of foot traffic , i can always find a seat . the chairs are perfect for me to sink into and rest my tired butt for a while , especially after i 've overspent my budget on music at sonic boom nearby .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they have tea ! i was so happy to hear this , as i do n't drink the java-junk but wanted to support this great place doing great things ( promoting sustainability , non-profit and such ) . plus i really wanted to sit and watch people outside of honest ed 's . but alas , it was busy . my tea had to be taken to go because there was no where to sit . it was all jammed up like a strawberry donut . and i was kinda ticked off because there was a whole huge other area where they sell all their mocha-frappa-java-crappa machines and i wanted to start taking some of them off their shelves and sit my bum down . ergh !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was in the area and wanted to have a nice coffee but not in a chain like starbucks or tim hortons . checked yelp and found this beanery . love the space , big windows lots of sun , plenty of space to seat and read the paper . the coffee was great too , not cheap but fresh and done well . will come again for sure", "score": "4"}
{"review": "coffee lovers should come here . i am not a coffee lover but i can see that they sell unroasted beans , they will roast them on the spot for you , and the amount of coffee paraphernalia is incredible ! they even have manual grinders for coffee ! ! come . here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing selection of beans . lots of awesome coffee making tools for purchase , great place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here to try just because i love coffee and yummy drinks . arriving the space is interesting , not quite a store but not quite a cafe . it just seemed confused . i ordered a mocha which is my usual go to drink . i find the prices are a bit steep for the size of the drink . i did not find the drink to be amazing or anything special . the cup size it came in was very small to even keep sipping during a conversation coffee chat . nor did it come steamy hot . i do n't know what i dislike more , mediocre coffee or lukewarm-ish coffee . nothing about this place really wows me , not the customer service or the coffee . i doubt i 'd come back on my own , only if i was with other people .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "spacious and cozy atmosphere . great place for coffee with friends or studying !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "weak , tepid coffee , but the vibe is decent . the cashier had a smile , which makes every transaction nicer and the nutella cookie was great . too loud to read or focus on anything but a great place to meet a friend . however , primarily being a coffee shop focusing on coffee sales , it does n't compare to the other local coffee joints .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "honestly , i want to love the place . it 's a great concept and the space is amazing ( although , it was a real struggle to get to and from my table because of the layout and busyness of the cafe ) . but their drip coffee was just plain bad and the wait time was ridiculous . my friend waited for her latte for almost 15 minutes and they forgot about my sandwich . i know it 's usually busy but they have a looot of people working so i do n't really know what 's up . still , i think it 's a great place for retail products . i got my french press there and would definitely go back to check out what else they have !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was our first time at green beanery and we were pleasantly surprised at how great this cafe is . we ordered ice cream ( sweet cream & roasted marshmallow ) in waffle cones with a latte . the latte was a bit bitter but we still enjoyed it . service was quick and friendly . price was decent - $ 2.50 for a one scoop ice cream cone , latte was $ 4.50 . we will definitely come back for the ice cream !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here to meet hubby after my dentist appointment . the decor of this place is really funky . one wall they kept the original bank vault that was part of the building . it 's busy here & not too many places to sit . but they sure do brisk business . they have a menu with sandwiches , etc but i would n't feel comfortable eating at a teeny tiny table like they have here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went on wednesday , late afternoon ... .was greeted by numerous smiling faces behind the relatively high counter ... .placed my order for a large mug of decaf java and inquired about their ginger cookies ... . not sure if they were ginger molasses or simply ginger ... .def ginger with what i believe to be a hint of molasses as well ... . great service in this always near full cafe ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "big location for dt toronto . coffee is quite good , pricing is fair for speciality coffees . very accessible by ttc right near bloor and bathurst . service is very friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had such a pleasant experience at the green beanery yesterday evening , i just had to leave a review ! the staff were friendly , helpful , passionate and professional . thanks guys ! i 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our waitress was very friendly and checked on us frequently . my friend and i came here to have a slice of pie later at night . both slices were delicious and their coffee was good as well . this location did n't have very many patrons at my time of visit , so it was very quiet . village inn has been a family favorite for their pies , and this place did n't change that one bit !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visiting from out of town . had breakfast here . it was food but was terribly mediocre . staff was nice but i certainly would n't go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we decided to participate in free pie night as my dad had reached his latest weight loss goal ( ironic right ? ) . our service was pretty good . our waiter laughed and joked with us ever so patiently as my dad let out some wonderful `` dad jokes '' and she was very polite . i was not at all impressed with the food ! i ordered breakfast for dinner and my bacon tasted as though it was the pre-cooked style you buy at the store and just microwave , my hash browns tasted like they came out of a cardboard box , and my french toast was just a joke . hey , at least the egg whites were good . i could n't tell you if it was just the time of day ( around 9pm ) , or just the quality of the food overall . the dessert was good though . it 's hard to mess up pie !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a great place for any meal and menu with a lot of selections ... for breakfast available all day and night ( i highly recommend the vib village inn breakfast where you can select eggs , potatoes , toast or pancakes , french toast , meat of choice including turkey sausage ) , lunch ( i love the adult grilled cheese and tomato soup ) , or for friday all-you-can-eat cod fish ! very nice staff and ask for joey - a great server !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chris was our server and he is the worst . extremely unfriendly , made us feel unwelcome , and he brought us the bill before he even brought out all of our food and condiments , presuming we would n't want anything else . my boyfriend had to get up and grab a bottle of syrup from another table because chris could n't get it together and bring us a bottle of syrup . this place is honestly a joke how it is ran , and i will never be returning . plus it smells horrible in there . do n't be fooled , they are not worth the headache .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no waffle . i want something different that i do n't have at home . obvious the have carbons tried it 's on amazon and real cheap . 99 ounces for $ 15 . i do n't care to pay $ 4.00 for a half for kids or vip for a half at $ 8 it 's a 13 cent item . no value here go somewhere else", "score": "1"}
{"review": "july 9,2017 arrived to town just past dinnertime and hungry after a day of driving . this village inn ( 17030 n. scottsdale blvd ) was next to our hotel so we were going to try it . no `` passion to serve '' at this location ! 8 min waiting at front and noone who worked there in sight . we could hear banter coming from the back . finally , a server with a tray of food came into view and looked straight at us . she said nothing , no smile and looked away . we left .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's village inn , so food quality is good for the price but nothing spectacular . i have to say i really enjoy this location , super friendly , prompt service , and makes you feel like a local diner `` where everybody knows your name '' . great value place for a quick breakfast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the server was super friendly . the food was decent . the major problem i had was the fact there was n't many people in the restaurant and the host was mia when we got in and when we went to pay . sadly i wish i could say it was the same host but it was 2 different hosts , just waiting a while to get to a table and then again to pay not my idea of fun . was tempted to just walk out in the beginning and go to an ihop or dennys . now do n't get me wrong i do n't mind waiting but 15 20 mins and seeing only a server ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food was great , the service was efficient and very friendly . my omelette was delicious . i highly recommend the village inn .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was our first time here we ordered french dip pasty melt and a grown up cheese sandwich all of our food was excellent . they asked if we were ok and if we needed anything so excellent service also", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed the pizzas i ordered here . they are done turkish style with the pizza in a teardrop shape . the pizzas i had were great with toppings i do n't see often ( lamb anyone ? ) and the fact that the pizza box was stuffed with lemon slices and tomato slices and onion slices and hot peppers , geesh , makes me want to go order one right now !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome ! ! ! 21 varieties of turkish `` pizza '' . made fresh to order , a gentle blend of cheesy goodness and meaty wonderfulness ... yes , veggie options for the animal-saviours .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stumbled over this place a few months ago after returning from a trip to istanbul last summer . i longed for the sights and smells of turkey and found them in this unassuming shop on the danforth . if you do n't know what traditional lahmacun is then you need to find out . this shop makes the traditional turkish dish from scratch and it 's very obvious that quality and care go into each bite . a great alternative to pizza , and the tea is great too . since my first visit , i 've tried 8 different menu items , all of them are winners with my favorite being # 8 kiymali kasarli ( ground beef & mozzarella ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't forget to order ayran ! makes a great pair with pide . if you are not so hungry get one pide for two to share . try any , all are equally delicious and authentic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never had one before so j ca n't say much about its authenticity but this was delicious ! ! takes about 10 minutes to make fresh pide which is well worth the wait - you can sip on turkish coffee while you do . i got the most popular # 18 karsik ( ? ) which is a combination of most of the popular pides . i would recommend you use all the condiments - lemon , onions , tomatoes , etc .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the most authentic `` pide `` or `` lahmanci '' restaurant in toronto . pide is a turkish specialty although similar dishes are known by many names around the middle east . the place has a fast food feel , but the food is anything but . it takes about 25 minutes to get your order as everything is made from scratch and cooked to order . sometimes the place can be full with patrons who know good turkish food but there 's always the takeout . try the # 6 and # 9 which are most authentic imho . also authentic turkish ( non alcoholic ) sodas and drinks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved their lahmacun ! ! ! it was spot on and i felt like i am in the middle of istanbul having an authentic food . the place is very clean the waiter is super nice and there is space in dine in . the portions are huge for the money you pay . would definitely become a regular ! ! ! thank you mr . pide ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , i mean wow ! solid 5 their lahmacun could be one of the best i 've ever tried outside of turkey , including the us . thin crispy dough topped with a light mixture of minced meat , tomatoes , peppers and spices cooked to perfection . lemon juice adds the right amount of acidity to perfection . definitely hearty but not overwhelming . just the right amount of chilly kick . the owner is a really nice guy , the room is large and lots of space for big groups . not a pretentious place , causal inside . good eats , good vibes , good prices . last but not least ; make sure you get one of those yoghurt drinks to accompany your lahmacun , you will need a refreshment after all the spiciness . yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ask any turkish-torontonian , and you 'll hear an earful about how our city lacks good turkish cuisine . while pideh is an awfully specific and more fast food than authentic cuisine , mr. pide somehow captures a classic turkish vibe i have not found anywhere else in toronto ! the pideh is somewhat of an armageddon between flatbread and pizza dough , and the ingredients are cooked into it in a fashion that is somewhere between a regular pizza and a calzone ! sounds complicated , but it comes out pretty delicious . i tried the sibzeli pide which featured an array of veggies and feta cheese . the pideh was prepared in about 10 minutes and was a good bit of food for the price . overall i would give mr. pide another go , but hope that they feature more vegetarian and even a few non traditional toppings ( sun-dried tomato pideh would be something to look forward to ) . also wish it was open a bit later as it would provide an amazing late night snack !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious ! i got the one that is a mix of all the ones they offer . it was really the best way to decide which one i would like . unfortunately , they were all so good i would never be able to decide ! that being said i really loved the lamb best ! in the end the mixed bag is always best for indecisive me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decided to try pide for the first time because i did n't want to order pizza . it was delivered in about 30 minutes and the guy was nice . the pides themselves were hot and freaking delicious - way better than the pizza you get from the big chains . i got the # 1 lahmacun ( ground beef blended with garlic , onions , tomatos , parsley , and herbs ) and # 11 sucuklu kasarli ( turkish sausage & mozzarella cheese ) . each pide is under $ 10 and they 're huge ... they 're also accompanied with dip , fresh tomato , lemon , parsley , onion , and jalapenos , at no extra charge . the turkish sausage was spicy and ironically , i did find it to be more spicy than the lahmacun , the only item that is marked as spicy on the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did n't know what to expect from turkish ( pizza ) but it was absolutely wonderful . we got the # 18 ( i think ) which was sort of a sampler ; really tasty ! the people who work there are so friendly and kind . i 'm here for a week and definitely will be eating there again before i leave town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best turkish food , lahmacun and pide you may find in gta . you can also enjoy an awesome turkish coffee with a special daily dessert . the prices are much better that any restaurants around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was like traveling to arabia , but in my mouth . delicious . also , turkish coffee . turkish coffee is fantastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place had been in my bookmarks forever . i finally had a chance to check it out . i was quite happy with my experience here . the staff was helpful in helping us make our decision and very friendly . tried the soup which was very nice . had the sampler and was very happy with the choice . very tasty and perfect for the two of us . overall i was very satisfied and will be back again . makes a great addition to the everyday pizza and on pizza row as i call it i guess they stand apart from the others . seems like in between donlands & pape there 's a pizza place every second store . i bet i 'm right ; -p", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great meal out ! i 've never had the pleasure of trying turkish pizza but got ta say it was yummy . the young lady working the front was engaging and truly a pleasure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "located in greek town but more turkish or rather mediterranean , this place was awesome . the food was fresh , delicious , plentiful and inexpensive . 5 stars from my perspective . service was also quick and i 'll be back for sure for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this small shop ... its a great casual place but with top quality food . all freshly made on the spot and at a very decent price . order takes time so do n't be in a rush . 1 order of anything on the menu can satisfy 2 people but i like going for assortment . sharing is also a fun part of pide . everything comes with fresh vegi and sauce that compliments the meal ! ! has never disappointed !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been working in mr.pide for over a year , and i have few things to share about this place , this place was one of the best turkish restaurants in toronto and last summer the owner has changed and then everything changed the quality of the food and the way they run the business and the way they treat the customers , when you are served in this place they serve vegetables and then they bring to left over and place them with the new ones so basically they reseling the vegetables that have been already served and then they trying to save on the garbage bags , the place is not been cleaned properly and the half full garbages never thrown so there is always flies in the restaurant because this . so if you guys care about the quality and behaviour you would not eat there not deal with the fake people and also they buy the meat from stores on danforth when they say it has been bought from halal food farms so please make your decison do you like to be fooled or do you care about the truth these are the truths", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing pizza , i ordered # 16 which was the assorted vegetables with feta . was not disappointed , in fact when the pizza came out could n't stop staring at that beauty . tasted even better than it looked . my buddies got # 18 , and they too loved it ! would highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a different take on pizza ! loved it and would definitely order again whenever i 'm in greek town . if you have n't tried it , i highly recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all i can say is that the staff are \u00fcber friendly and the portions are massive ! i had to take the rest home . pretty cheap if you can get two meals lol will be back 100 %", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i shared the # 2 pied and really enjoyed it . the quality was excellent , server was friendly and atmosphere was nice . would definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best turkish pide that you can have ! i come here all the time even though i am not turkish . i bring my friends to try it and they love it too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner apprenticed at pizza pide for 3 years before opening up this place 5 years ago . when he 's on point , his stuff is epic . when he 's not there , it 's not . order the assorted # 18 . sit and enjoy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is absolutely as good as anything you will eat in t\u00fcrkiye . you need to try this place . it 's affordable , good for sharing , and best of all : actual turkish people eat here . pro tip : try the ayran with your meal ! it 's a salted yogurt drink . i know it sounds weird , but trust me on this one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after seeing a show at the danforth music hall . my friends and i were starving and this was one of the only places open after 10 pm . we got the # 9 with cheese and the # 17 , both were delicious . this is a really great family run place with fantastic service . will definitely be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good but a little greasy depending on the selection . flavours and selection of toppings fillings are wonderful , and the sampler was our favourite . recommend it highly if you want a great alternative to pizza .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "\u5e97\u54e1\u8d85\u597d \u7528\u5fc3\u89e3\u8aaa\u4efd\u91cf \u6015\u5169\u4eba\u5169\u4efd\u592a\u591a \u6240\u4ee5\u5148\u9ede\u3127\u4efd \u5403\u5b8c\u3127\u4efd\u53c8\u9ede\u4e86\u4e0b\u3127\u4efd \u5c31\u4e0d\u6703\u653e\u6dbc\u6389 \u7269\u8d85\u6240\u503c \u7528\u6599\u5be6\u5728 \u503c\u5f97\u63a8\u85a6 \u56de\u53f0\u7063\u524d\u60f3\u5916\u5e36\u56de\u5bb6\u7d66\u5bb6\u4eba\u5403 \u3127\u4efd\u5341\u5143\u52a0\u5e63 \u975e\u5e38\u63a8\u85a6", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool quick food option and cheap . nice service . better then any fast food option in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious with good service . food showed up on time . order was right . cashier was very pleasant to deal with . dessert was must try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a nice destination especially for those who prefer the all `` halal '' food . a nicely crafted pies turkish style with delicious ingredients like the pastrami and the turkish sausage . with options for vegetarians too . it 's very affordable and the service is ok .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been wanting to go here for ages and finally had a good reason , we headed here with my friend and her boyfriend , who is turkish , so of course he was enthused to show us the place . we ordered 4 pideh 's which all arrived pre-sliced on a huge platter garnished with tomatoes , onions and parsley . we had two of the menu # 1 option which is delicious , super thin crust with ground beef , spices and diced tomatoes onions . highly recommend that one . the other two we tried had a thicker crust , were still tasty but i definitely prefer the less bread options . pretty cheap , worked out to about $ 15 a person including soft-drinks , tax and tip . place is sort of hole-in-the-wall so do n't go expecting fancy decor , but service was quick and it definitely feels like an authentic experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried turkish pizza for the first time . this was an excellent experience . they have a huge variety of options . my favourite was the lamb . truly unique . very quick service . each pide easily serves 2 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "new ownership , and now service is abrupt , overcharged upsold , and skimpier toppings . take a pass and try one of the other nearby restaurants .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't have anything this to compare to except for traditional north american franchise or frozen pizzas . it 's shaped in an oval with different toppings eg . sausage , ground beef , lamb , cheese etc . personally i thought it was kind of oily .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so good . so so so good . fabulous pide . really helpful staff . interesting beverage options . i am a fan of the sour cherry nectar . nice glass of turkish tea is offered at the end of the meal . if they ever start serving turkish breakfast , i 'll have to revise the rating to a 6 out of 5 . great place . go . eat pide .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "guys , i am addicted ... ! this place consistently produces great turkish pizzas ... ..i do n't want to leave toronto just because the roasted lamb pide is so good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the only authentic turkish restaurants in toronto . mixed pide option ( my gf 's favourite ) let you try all the different ingredients in a single portion . if you are into meat like me , try the pastrami one , simply amazing . i was going to deduct one star for not having free refills for tea which served in 3-4 ounce shot size glasses but what the hell , enjoyed it a lot : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is amazing and the pide is huge ! incredible value for money . owned and operated by a lovely turkish family . my friend i was with said this was the best pide he 's had since being in istanbul . if you 're on the danforth and looking for something cheap other than souvlaki , you definitely should hit up mr pide .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this place after a recommendation by a friend and after i noticed the quality and consistency of pizza pide on gerrard went south . +homemade , from scratch dough and ingredients +very friendly and attentive staff +mesmerizing video in front of pide maiking process -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- amazing alternative to traditional pizza .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mr pide has the original turkish pide just like you would have in turkey . the flavours are authentic , the pide is made on the spot with fresh ground beef and other ingredients . bottom line it 's simple yet authentic . great for a snack or lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best pide i have ever had . takes a little longer but its worth the wait , friendly nice staff . will definitely go there again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pide ( turkish pizza ) was delicious & comes in a wide variety of choices and comes with fresh toppings like tomato , parsley , lemon , onion & hot peppers on the side . service is friendly & attentive . close to subway . good prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been on the search for a good pida place for years in michigan and chicago , but i was not successful . i went to toronto and then the last day of my stay there i found this place . as i walked in to the place i found a young guy who speaks turkish . so i got to practice my rusty talents lol . we talked a little about soccer and about turkey . anyways , i ordered the pida with everything on it . they also have some popular turkish drinks . so i had to try a few of them . the food was spectacular but still not as good as what i remember when i lived in turkey . do n't let my four stars discourage you from visiting this place . i would have given in it 5 stars have n't visited turkey .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if your want something in between a pizza slice and a panzerotto come to mr pide . they make delicious doughy pizza boats , turkish style . huge portions . best for sharing though i 've been known to polish off one by myself !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their pide is delicious and halal ( for those of you wondering ) ! i stopped by here with a friend during the evening and i definitely recommend this place ! the prices are awesome for the portion you get ( prices range from $ 6.99- $ 10.99 ) ! i ordered # 20 ( ispanakli kiymali ; spinach and ground beef pide ) while my friend ordered # 3 ( kiymali acik ; ground beef mixed with tomatoes , peppers , onions , and spices ) . the waiter was alone , so it took a bit of time to wait for our orders , but it was understandable and totally worth it ! i will definitely come back here and try the other pides .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! quick service , huge serve ! one serve would probably feed 2 people with space for a little extra . when i got into the place i was n't expecting much . it was pretty cheap looking . but i got the friendliest service from the gentleman at the counter so i started to relax a bit . when i received the food it smelt amazing ! took a bite and it was all worth it . fantastic food , fantastic service , perfect ! it 's not classy dining , but it 's excellent , especially for backpackers and those on a small budget . expect : to eat with your hands , simple dining , good food , freshly made to order , slightly oily ( but that is how it is meant to be )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's the second time i go to this place and i love it . food takes a while to be prepared , but it 's well worth the wait . 3 pizzas are enough to feed 4 people . i have n't been to other places of this kind , but for me this feels authentic enough . services is nice and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome turkish pizzas . the staff is super friendly and helpful . have been here twice and tried 4 different pizzas . all amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always have my dry cleaning finished , on time , and looking fabulous ! been taking my whole family 's taekwondo uniforms as well as my sons njrotc uniform in there for a few months now and im always pleased- especially since i usually only give them 2 days to clean whatever i drop off !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yeah , i agree with others , its not the most pleasant place to visit", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food is a bit mediocre ( quantity price and quality price ) but most importantly the place is a dump . it 's foul and repugnant . the chairs are broken down , some of the tables ' screws are gone , etc . that circus decor leaves a bad taste due to the obvious lack of maintenance of the place . there is no handle on the door to the bathroom . there 's just a big gaping hole instead . it literally looks like someone used a swat breaching shotgun to open the door at some point . i would n't be surprised if they had roaches . the amount of cheese they put on poutines is mediocre at best . the size is sad and the fries are skinny and unsatisfying . the wings are a-okay though . the place itself needs major renovations . it 's disgusting . all the employees sound and look depressed and miserable ( which i ca n't blame them for - who would want to work there ? ) .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have delivery from them because they are the ones in the area that deliver until 3am and we often get the munchies late at night . but chicken is too greasy , bad quality fries , delivery takes forever , the gravy is too salty ... dissapointed . even our cat would n't eat the beef of the philly cheesebeef", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ok , i like spicy chicken wings . i really do and the sauce selection at bb speaks to me . i 'm a `` suicide sauce '' kinda guy and enjoy this guilty pleasure once in a while , usually after sports . now this location is rundown ( like super sketchy ) but the wings are still fried right . i would n't eat any else , especially not made fresh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i put 1 star but this place deserves zero ! we waited almost 2 hours for our food after calling the restaurant more than once to see where it was . the employee said 5 minutes 30 minutes before we got the food . then he blamed the driver . when the driver finally got here , he explained he did not work for the restaurant and explained that the restaurant uses a 3rd party service . he also said that this was not the first time the restaurant tried to pin the delay on them . we tried calling the restaurant with the driver and they ignored his calls as well as ours . so long story short we did not get a discount . and we will never eat there again and dont want anyone else to either . do not eat here ! horrible experience and it ruined our plans for the night . not to mention , the food was cold and very bland . the fries were mushy and obviously made a long time ago .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give negative stars i would . all food was burnt beyond recognition and not consumable at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a funky little bookstore that carries new books as well as old ones . there 's really a decent selection for the space . when i say funky it 's because as soon as you walk in the door there is an overwhelming sense of happiness . literary happiness that gives off a vibe of being in the right place . i guess funky can also include the fact that they also have a few kitschy things like tshirts for sale . even if you 're not looking to buy on a particular day it 's so easy to get lost in the browsing . again , not a large shop but plentiful without being suffocating or pretentious and overbearing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great spot for anyone who likes to read . they carry both new and used books which are creatively displayed , yet add to the relaxed and cozy atmosphere . i 've gone here several times to grab gifts , a book for myself , or just to see what 's new . they keep a bunch of book-adjacent items as well , such as candles wrapped in library cards , novel shirts ( pun intended ) and journals . they also have comic books , which i hear are really popular these days . highlights : great selection awesome owners great atmosphere there 's a coffee shop next door that connects to the store . glorious . great location check it out , it 's an excellent book store !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nine stories is a wonderful , locally-owned bookstore . i absolutely love this place . they have a well-organized and carefully-selected collection of both new and used books , and what they 've picked always seems to be right in line with my own taste in reading . it merges my favorite things about shopping in stores selling new books -- browsing the book covers of beautiful , thematic displays -- with the charm of a used bookstore . nine stories definitely has the charm thing figured out : the decor , furniture , and gift items are just as tasteful as their collection of books . the owners are really friendly , and they really know their stuff when it comes to books . they were happy to set aside a copy of a new-release for my partner when it arrived in the store . given that books and caffeine are two of my most favorite things , it 's an added bonus that it shares a wall with a coffee shop . looks like amazon wo n't be getting as much of my business in 2017 ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . i 've had so many great books suggested ( and sold ) to me at nine stories . the selection is small but well-curated ; even the children 's books ( any brick and mortar bookstore with king baby gets an a+ ) . in a world dominated by amazon , it is very nice to walk into a little shop to really enjoy books with other people . the fact that it 's connected to caffe d'amore is a major bonus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm so glad to see this store opened in upper lawrenceville . it 's a small shop but has a very well thought out selection of both new and used books , and they offered to order anything else i might want . the location of having a coffee shop right next door is a huge plus . local book stores are hard to find , especially ones this nice . will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool local book store . the staff was very friendly ; he gave us some good recommendations for contemporary books . very reasonable prices for used books . picked up a copy of a visit from the goon squad with a cover i had n't seen before . they have a very digestible amount of books . very cozy with a caf\u00e9 next door .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nine stories is my new favorite stop in lawrenceville . perfect selection of titles , sold by people who have read them . allison made thoughtful recommendations , and even handled a special order for my wife and me , happily and swiftly . an absolute must-visit for holiday shopping !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome little bookstore with a mix of used and just released books . reasonable prices on the well-curated used options . not the kind of place you go in looking for a specific title ( though they may have it ! ) - but perfect for browsing and shares a building with a great little coffee shop . i 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well- we stopped in because it was a new place to eat and we love noodle bowls . we asked the order taker what the size of the bows looked like , the small was pretty large to me , so i ordered a small bowl of noodles . no mushrooms . what i got was bowl of noodles that barley covered the bottom only of my bowl , i was in shock . i would say maybe 6 bites . we left ! -tables were filthy . -flavors were bland never going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was our first time here and we absolutely loved it ! fast , friendly service and delicious food ! we 'll definitely be back . my kids said it 's their new favorite place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the main reason i wanted to eat at xin jiang is because of their famous lamb skewers . but when i saw their lunch specials , i just could not resist ! over 35 items around $ 6 to $ 7 . the huge selection makes choosing what to eat quite difficult as the colourful photos just makes everything looks so delicious . just be warned even at this bargain pricing , the portion is big enough to fill you up ! the complimentary soup would be something i wo n't recommend . yes it is free but i just hated that gluey , starchy texture . xinjiang style chicken combo ( $ 6.49 ) and hand made noodle with sliced lamb ( $ 6.99 ) were both tasty , not overly spicy and with great balanced flavour . give xin jiang a try especially if you are a lamb lover . i guarantee you wo n't be disappointed ! so i guess i have to make another trip for the skewers ! lunch special is available only on weekdays from 11 am to 5 pm ! so plan accordingly !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was craving some lamb skewers from a restaurant that specializes this and found this on yelp . i decided to give this place a try for their fairly high ratings . and yes , i would give it 4 5 just like what i saw ! we ordered the lamb skewers ( $ 2.50 each ) , cabbage skewers , cold eggplant and the egg with dough stick . they were all very yummy dishes . the seasoning was all spicy but not too hot . i thought that the lamb skewers were a bit expensive especially if you do n't have a membership . it was still pretty tasty and much better than what you get at the night market !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was so impressed by the food here ... complex flavours , the perfect amount of spice , and fresh ingredients . the service was quite good as well , particularly since the place was full and we were a table of 14 . the food came out quick and hot . best : - lamb and chicken kebabs : perfectly cooked and cuminy , without being overbearingly so . i could have eaten nothing but these things and been happy . - eggplant : soft and perfect . i do n't even have a photo of it because i wanted to get into it so quickly . - deep fried naan bread and lamb : for some reason , shari and thought the deep fried naan cubes were some kind of veggie . i thought that they had somehow found a way to make veggies ridiculously tasty . no , it was bread . and it 's still ridiculously tasty . - beef rolled up in flat bread : i 've never been disappointed by this ever in my life . it was delicious . everything else was very very good . i will definitely return again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is possibly my favorite place for lamb kebabs ( in n america at least ) . they are really good value too if you have membership ( 1.5 each ) .there 's a generous amount of meat and its delicious and really juicy . most of the other dishes i 've tried have been good too . in particular , the dry pot and the lamb noodle dishes are really tasty . loses a star because the spicy chicken dish that we 've been ordering for a while now has changed in composition over the months , and now consists mainly of potatoes & bones . takes debit", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place will stink up your whole outfit . forget about going anywhere after dinner . you need to jump into shower and burn all your clothing to kill this stench . it 's strong as curry , and , once you are exposed in it , you will grow to love . however for the love of everyone else in town , please go straight home . because of the smell , you know you stumbled upon on some real chinese turk restaurant . i 'm okay with their food . maybe i 'm not that much of a fan for chinese turk food other than the skewers . it 's a good exp to eat here once in a while . i have n't found anything on the menu that 's my fave . more than half of their menu is just normal chinese restaurant food you can find anywhere else .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pros : -authentic regional cuisine -hand made noodles with lamb , garlic shoots , vegetables was great . worth it just for this , especially since it has so much of what this cuisine is known for on one plate . -lamb and fennel dumplings fantastic -sweet pumpkin pancakes- great -garlic eggplant mash also great -jellyfish salad ok but i 've had much better jellyfish dishes elsewhere -service was relatively friendly the food here is consistently very good especially if you know what to order 4 5", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lamb skewers at $ 2 are really high quality . they are actually open until 3am !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "handmade noodles are really good , however you like it with any meat . staff are also friendly . i think this place specializes in lamb . the lamb skewers are $ 2.50 each but definitely worth it . seasoned right and grilled very well . the menu is very diverse and there is a wall of pictures for reference . i 'm sure everybody can find something they like here . would come back . no credit tho only debit and cash .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we decided to go with everything lamb . the lamb and fennel dumplings are alright . much of the taste came from the fennel and not the lamb itself . the fennel seemed to overpower the lamb too much . the handmade noodles with lamb + eggplant was really good . did not realize it would be so spicy but it was still good . the lamb skewers were really good . rich in flavour and big pieces on a huge skewer . it took a very long time for them to make the skewers though . it came when we finished all our other food . service is alright . nothing special . not very attentive either .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mediocre , definitely not amazing . since there 's a good amount of positive reviews about the lamb skewers , i decided to come by today . it was not as good as i was expecting . it was n't cumin-y enough or spicy enough . after having hakka food and si-chuan food , i feel that the amount of spice and flavor was just not up to far in this place . i did like the house hand made noodle in lamb soup . it was tomato-y and delish . backyard garden next door has better cumin lamb and lamb skewers . kind of expensive for this type of food . probably wont visit again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a good joint for when you feel like some spicy skewers . i love spicy food and their spices are quite intense . especially their szechuan spicy fish fillet in a bowl filled with oil spicy broth . it will make your nose run and if you are fan of that , you 'll enjoy it . i love the chicken skewers here , although most people order their lamb beef . that 's just because i prefer chicken . also order it with at least a bit of spice . they have a wide selection of unique dishes that i do n't find elsewhere ... such as the stirfried beef with onion and lotus leaf white buns . you wrap the meat and onion inside the buns and its a dream . the buns are so fresh and softly moist too . one star deducted because their service can be improved as we had to ask for glasses of water multiple times for the people who couldnt handle the heat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ... it 's better than your usual chinese ... apparently it 's rooted in the middle eastern tradition , so there is no pork ( hard to believe for a chinese place ) but the kebabs looked so good i pretended not to be a vegetarian for the night and had the chicken ( stopped at that , though ) and it was so , so good . the soup was very good , but i only had the broth , as there was lamb in it , but even that was so good . prices were n't particularly cheap , but nothing ridiculous . the waiters were really nice , too , and let me practice chinese with them ( i know one phrase which i kept repeating ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really authentic chinese food ; go here for their freshly grilled bbq skewers . they are really tasty ! i got a variety of skewers ( the lamb was really good ) , plus other dishes such as rice noodles and fried dough with filling . the food comes fast , and prices are reasonable . totally satisfies a craving for bbq 'd skewer meat !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lamb is awesome here . the spice is a little strong after too many skewers but some other can eat 4 or more and still keep going . a little pricey for me i think since there are way too many asian choices around but if you are craving for some really good spiced lamb then give it a try . just a note the skewers take some time so order that first if going for lunch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm going to keep this review nice and short : the good : 1 . lamb skewers - not overly gamy and large portions 2 . one bowl of rice = two bowls of rice 3 . exceptional service - waiter gave us realistic view of how much to order 4 . good variety of spicy food & so many lamb dishes ! the bad : 1 . dirty & sticky table , the floor was a little oily 2 . wipe down the utensils with hot tea before use 3 . skewer handles were very oily will think about returning if they kept the place cleaner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "our favorite go-to place for spicy food . we always always always get spicy lamb and tofu skewers , the spicy potato salad and the spicy chicken cartilage ! their rice in wooden pots are also delicious ! aside from all their good food ; people are always helpful and service is quick . absolutely love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their food is always so tasty and flavourful . only difficulty i find is majority of the staff only speaks mandarin . they do have an english translation menu , however , if you 're asking for something particular , english may be a problem . speaking in cantonese they 'd understand however , i did n't understand a word what they were saying when they replied back . other than the language barrier , food is a bomb . they have a lot of spicy food options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "vacation to canada and heard this was an amazing restaurant . came here after looking for it for awhile , and it was quite decent . but the lamb pilaf was not as expected . the taste was bad and it had no flavor whatsoever . it 's easy as adding rice , carrots , and lamb all together . we knew at first glance that this was n't gon na be good . on the other hand , the hand pulled noodles was amazing . it was spicy to the point where it was bearable . the liang feng and buns were decent as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "long wait times , noisy and often poor customer service but still 4 star ! ... yeah i loved the food that much that i forgot everything and even got a membership . their bbq menu is a must try and any spicy stirfry will be heavenly if you can take the heat . it is my favourite chinese restaurant now . most bad reviews had to do with late service or heat , i do n't mind small mistakes or late service if the food compensates .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here a couple of times so far . very impressed with the variety and the flavors . the bit takes some time to prepare , but it 's worth it . try their beef and onion roll or the diced noodles with lamb . very yummy . prices are also very reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place with amazing food . i highly recommend the lamb kabobs , the handmade noodles , the beef and onion pancakes , and fennel lamb dumplings . they are a staple every time we come here ! the cabbage kabob sounds plain , and i admit i questioned it when a coworker decided to order them , but man everyone loved them . the blend of spices and seasoning on it was fantastic- lots of cumin and other spices . i bought the membership card for $ 20 with my coworkers and we earned back what we paid for it on the first visit with all the savings we got with it . plus , the membership card lasts for two years , not one !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "make sure you get the skewers . they are amazing . a lot of my friends are generally turned off by lamb because of that after taste however , that after taste does not exist in this restaurant ! everything else is good too though the spice might be too much for some . tip : ask for a less spicy meal to start .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious food , have n't gone wrong here yet . i love their skewers -- they make them with a lot of spice , giving them a lot of flavor . the portions on the skewers are also very generous . their noodles are some of the tastiest , freshest noodles i 've had ( they are homemade ! ) . i also love their seafood dishes , especially their fish . last time i was here it was a weekday evening and not busy at all . we received lots of good recommendations by the waitress , and we were on our way with delicious food very quickly ! definitely recommend this place if you 're in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very busy restaurant located within a plaza filled with other chinese restaurants and food courts . had to wait 15 mins for a takeout order of 4 lamb skewers ( 2.50 each ) . they were very tasty , had a bbqd taste , well-seasoned . the meat was very soft and had good fat content . i will return for a snack again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you like lamb , this is the place to go . you can order lamb skewers , dumplings , on rice and lamb shoulder . it may be difficult to communicate as most of the staff speak mainly mandarin . on the menu , they have pictures and you can ask the next table on what they ordered . make sure you tell them the level of spice as they can adjust accordingly if possible . they also advertise their special of the week via an app and also at the restaurant . however , you need to be able to read chinese or talk with the staff . i would definitely recommend people to try them out if you like lamb . i ca n't wait to return for more lamb especially with this cold weather .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very tasty dinner . ordered toothpick lamb skewers , cumin beef with steamed buns , lamb stirfried pulled noodle , eggplant lamb rice in wooden tub and stirfried veggies . meat dishes were good but came with lots of onions . next time will probably go back to long lamb skewers since u get more meat . we always love their homemade noodles . ca n't avoid grease though with stirfried noodles . the eggplant lamb rice dish is always our favorite especially when it 's offered at a deep discount on the weekday lunch menu . portion can feed 3 . service was efficient and food came fast . what really surprised us was the wokhay at a western chinese restaurant . u can taste the smokiness in the veggies and the noodles . will definitely go back again . love all the varied offerings on the lunch menu . too bad i think only avail on weekdays .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall , i am happy there , food is delicious , the restaurant was clean and etc . love the bbq lamb , simply , it is good . do n't like some of its rice dishes , too much rice that is under cooked or not tasty . but i will go again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lamb skew was great . today they have special . if you are not afraid of hot food , this restaurant is for you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome skewers ! ! ! after trying more than 5 bbq places in gta , finally , i found this authentic one . this is def my go to place for skewers . highly recommend the signature lamb skewers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am mostly commenting on the wait time here . we really had high hopes for this place after reading all of the reviews . we came on a friday , maybe around 7pm i think . the place was already very packed but we were seated right away . we ordered lamb skewers since it was the most recommended dish on yelp . we also ordered a fish dish that was large enough for two people . it took almost half an hour to get the lamb skewers and the main dish came out at around 50 minutes from us placing the order . there were also other customers who were becoming irate waiting for their pickup orders as well . the lamb was definitely good but not way better than at other chinese restaurants . tiger bbq also has really good lamb skewers . the fish dish was alright as well but not worth that wait time . i do n't know if it was an off day for the kitchen that day but we wo n't go back with that type of wait time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been a regular customer for five years now . the lamb skewers are the best you can find in toronto . a lot of other chinese bbq places in toronto deep fry the lamb skewers before grilling them because it 's much faster that way , but the lamb skewers do n't taste as good . xin jiang restaurant 's lab skewers do n't taste like they were deep fried ( or maybe they were fried but the restaurant found a way to make them not taste like it ) . i also love their hand-made noodles . ( p.s . chinese hand-made noodles are a thousand times better than japanese ramen in my mind . : p ) i grew up in northern china so i like food that tastes heavy , and i find dishes at xin jiang restaurant very satisfying . but if you like light food , this is probably not the right place for you . also the restaurant is halal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved the noodles with eggplant and lamb ( a must-try ) . we also tried lamb and beef skewers ( very tender and flavourful ) and ma-po tofu ( which had lots of peppercorn kick and did n't taste like the typical mapo tofu you would expect ) . would definitely go back next time i 'm in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place for xin jiang style cumin lamb skewers ! my usuals are lamb and beef tendon skewers , beef pancake roll , and noodles . if i come in a larger group , i would get the braised lamb on naan . i absolutely love their lamb dishes here . they have a full menu page dedicated to lamb dishes and i just love it . if you love lamb , do come here . the service is quick even though there may be a wait during dinner times on the weekend . great place for cumin lamb skewers and spicy dishes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "things you 've got to try : handmade noodles with tomatoes , peppers and lamb . lamb skewers with cumin . lamb dumplings . the food is great and different from typical chinese fare . xin jiang is an area in china with a distinct style of cuisine - most notable for their lamb skewers with cumin .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh this location is far better than its sister restaurant ( the only ) at midland sheppard ! i went to their midland sheppard location first , and happened to come here for a dinner with friends . i was expecting so-so spicy food but with the same disappointments that i experienced @ the only , but i was pleasantly surprised ! their skewers and noodle dishes are a must-try", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we usually have a great dinner here . the lam kabobs is very nice fresh and juicy . jest $ 1.99 each . and the homemade noodles with lam and tomatoes so good . the place nice clean . the lady service very great and nice friendly !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love extremely loud environments ? then you might like this place . also for those who love long waits for food . the lamb skewers were good but some of it was fatty . the portions could be a bit larger too . most of the other dishes we ordered were mediocre .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a return visit this afternoon for lunch . the hand pulled noodles with lamb and garlic bolt as delicious as ever . a new dish for us that was a real winner : pan fried eggplant with chile , the chiles were green hot and sweet , made for a scrumptious combination with the smokiness softness of the eggplant . we also had szechwan style fish in soup as a new dish , and lovely tofu and greens dumplings , shaped like little valises . i will attempt to load photos of the latter two . xin jiang remains one of the more unusual , authentic regional chinese restos in the east end . top of my list . the lovely amy , again , made sure we ordered well and felt taken care of .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this restaurant for their lamb skewers ! very tasty ! the beef tendon skewer is good too . come here if you want some spicy dishes , i highly recommend the spicy seafood dishes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they 're famous for their lamb skewers , but the tofu skewers and the cabbage skewers are also excellent ! skewers , every time . the chef 's signature dishes are always first-rate , and i do not usually stray from those . the braised beef and the lamb with buns are really great . also the deep fried bread stick with coriander egg roll ( dim sum menu ) is scrumptious : crunchy , soft and chewy ; sweet and bright . i 've tried ( unsucessfully ) to recreate these at home so i buy extras every time i go there ( they even taste good the next day , without a re-heat ) . the cold salads are also excellent and refreshing . i go there every month or so , and service has always been fine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just went here a few weeks ago and damn their kabobs are good ! service as always was great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "y'all , this place is so good . so good . nice and clean , piping hot food , super delicious . their menus were new and clean and not sticky like other chinese restaurants always have it . this restaurant really just is a few many steps above other chinese restaurants . also their lamb skewers are a bit small but they 're probably the tastiest i 've ever had . the flavours were really unique and authentic . do n't come here if you are on a diet ( like me ) , it will be a mistake .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "before i came here , friends told me service is very bad , i told them i do n't mind , as long as the food is good , but after i got here with my kids , i realized service really horrible , not worth it", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so was trying to go to jt mix ( another place in the same area ) but found out that they have shut down . ah well wandered around and found this place . ordered a few items such as lamb skewers , rolled onion pancake with sliced beef and lamb dumplings . while the pancakes were at best average the lamb skewers were awesome . they are authentic and they taste amazing . someone earlier reviewed that it was too much spice and it was trying to cover up something but that is definitely not true . these lamb skewers tasted just like the one 's in china . i would probably be happy just coming here and having 10 of these . the service was at first a bit strange ( as soon as you finish something they wisk away the plates and stuff , could be quite annoying at times if you approach it from a western perspective ) . however what they do is very similar to what happens if you go to a restaurant in china . 4 5 , ca n't give full marks because of the pancakes : p", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stopped by on a sunday at 4 pm in the afternoon . the place was fairly empty . we were seated and then waited and waited and then waited some more for our waiter ... after 15 mins passed i walked up to the hostess to very nicely enquired where our waiter was . another 5 min went by and our waiter finally dropped by with some water . i ordered a white wiggle whiskey but it turned out not only had they run out of that type but they had no stocks of wiggle whiskey left at all . lucky for my friend his beer was available yet took nearly 10 mins to arrive at our table . i had been to industry public house before on a thursday night and had a great time . the place was packed yet the service was great . not sure what happened this time but it was a definite fail .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i want so badly to love this place . it 's got a terrific look ; the space is really killer with so much potential . but , the potential is kind of squandered on the food and drinks . the foods are n't bad , per say , just overly heavy . the drinks remind me of that admittedly very smart freshman who thinks they know more than their professor because can throw around the word 'marxism . ' the cocktails are definitely rather inventive , but more gimmick than substance . for example , the idea of infusing a drink with cedar smoke is neat , and it looks cool in motion , but the drink itself really pales in comparison to the process .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is ... bland would be the the best way to describe everything . stick with salads . drinks are extremely over priced and the staff , while friendly , always seem either overwhelmed or rushed . i give this place a shot every 6 months but i 've given up ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "industry why do my experiences have to be so flaky . garsh ! anyway , this visit i went with a boy . yes sheryl t. had a date . anywho food was ok i could 've passed on the bacon cheddar fries . andys ' bacon cheddar fries beats industry 's any day . the server was my only problem . overly attentive to the point where it became a nuisance . i think he might have been trying to go home and wanted us to hurry up and order . that 's still no excuse for being pushy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this review is verging on two stars . the food is n't that great and it takes forever . i can not believe i waited over 45 minutes for a few simple sandwiches while at lunch . it 's just your average food place , everything tastes alright but it is n't good food . on the plus side the location is great , the atmosphere is great , the beer liquor selection is incredible and reasonable . i 'd say go here for happy hour , but not for dinner . whatever you do avoid this place for lunch . the wait is unacceptable ( 3 times so far ) when there 's barely anybody seated . management needs to do something about the kitchen quality and speed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food , great atmosphere , and great drinks ! we had the pot roast , crab cakes , fish n ' chips , stacked smokehouse , and fries topped with pot roast and gravy . everything was excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "industry seems to be a local favorite so i feel guilty writing this but this was one of the worst restaurants i 've visited in awhile ... and i eat out quite a bit . my mom and i ordered the egg sandwich . it took 40 mins to come to our table during which our server only came by once to tell us it would be out in a few minutes.. 20 mins of it we could see a bunch of dishes just sitting under the heat lamps . when our meals finally came the bagels were rock hard - as in it hurt our teeth to eat it . the fries and the eggs were only luke warm . i am a vegetarian so i asked for the meat to come on the side so my mom could still eat my bacon portion ... well they clearly forgot and picked the meat off afterwards cause it had residue on it . lucky for them i 'm not that anal about my food but in the vegetarian world that is a huge no-no ! will never go back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cool atmosphere and motif . the beer list is good and the prices are n't bad . good selection of food items and the sandwiches are delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you may want to avoid industry public house if you prefer not dining with vermin . walked in , sat at the bar , ordered a manhattan , glanced down at the floor and saw a mouse ! ... and then another . two mice in less than a minute . no thanks !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't think i 'm `` hipster '' enough to enjoy the loud music of iph , but the food is phenomenal . reminds me of when i worked at a retail store in the mall . i do n't think the staff is rude - i did n't get that vibe at all , but there are multiple personalities there for sure . i once went and got a salmon salad and added the boar bacon - so good . another time i got the black bean burger with a side salad and their balsamic dressing . the side salad came as a substitute for fries , and at no extra cost . so i paid $ 15 for a burger and salad . while part of me wants to yell about how much of a crime that is , i then remember everything that was put on the sandwich and how delicious it was , and i no longer find it an issue . oh yeah , the beer list is awesome ! ( but the wifi gave me issues . come on guys , how am i supposed to yelp ! under these circumstances ? )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to iph a few times , and i really like it . while the menu is n't large , and sometimes it takes me a while to decide what i really want to eat , i still think it 's one of the more interesting places to eat in pittsburgh right now . the burgers really are exceptional . where it rocks is with the drink menu - if only time , money and inevitable drunkeness were n't an issue ! i 'll be back , but i also look forward to the menu continuing to evolve .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stopped by here while out in lawrenceville a few months ago , new to living close to the area & apprehensive of all the young hipsters swarming around . we were pleasantly surprised to find a urban & unique l ( think microbrew that you would find in nyc ) place to eat . different menu , i got the lucy ( sandwich with tempura veggies ) and it was great . we ended up staying there most of the evening because of their hundreds ( at least that 's what it seemed like ) beers on tap .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if there was an award for worst bartender service then this place is your winner . 3 bartenders and all terrible . they do n't run the bar in sections , you can order from any of them at any given time which is chaotic because you have to repeat your tab to them every time you order . if you wait for your bartender he she may be on the other side of the bar and you 'll be waiting to get a drink .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "while it 's cool that this spot has a giant drink menu to chose from it seems like they are on the more expensive side . the inside has a cool modern `` industry '' feel , but does n't really invite me in as a spot i 'd want to hang out at for more than a sporting event . i suppose that what 's it 's good for though . want a manly drink ? they will burn cedar chips over your whiskey to add the smokey taste to a nice drink ; taste like a camp fire ! i did n't eat , but friends told me they all loved their food . even still , the final thought when the check came was `` overpriced '' .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "people go nuts over this place and i 'm not really sure why.. i 'm not alone in feeling this way , either - everyone i talk to says the same , yet people flock here . there 's nothing especially wrong here . the food is good , not bad , not great . the atmosphere is fine , not bad , not great . the prices are way too expensive for so-so food . i think it is good for people who need a lowest-common-denominator type place that everyone in their group will be ok with . sandwiches are good ( too expensive ) , fries are basic , do n't bother getting the nachos .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the beer selection is obviously the featured attraction , and the cocktail list is also massively impressive . most users on here have elaborated much about the menu . for lawrenceville , it 's a very modern and mainstream bar experience . there are about 6 flat panels , and all were showing sports when i was there on a saturday night . the clientele is very un-larryville as well . i find none of this to be a problem , but it 's certainly not the typical `` hipster '' experience many think of having on butler st . the staff and feel try to replicate that of an off-kilter place , but at it 's heart , iph is a very nice bar that almost feels out of place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there 's better places to go in town . there 's people shooting up in the bathroom and whatever song you play on the jukebox there 's a obese bartender who comes over and skips your song . i 'd rather get an iv with a rusty nail than come back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was pretty good , nothing to wrote home about . host was pretty rude when we walked in . put our menus on the table admit answering the phone while escorting us back and never acknowledged us after placing the menus on the table . just walked away , did n't say another word . pretty inhospitable with that . server was nice , everyone working here just seemed to be unhappy and just going through the motions .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tl ; dr : bartender increased my tip without my knowledge , twice . went to industry twice while on a work trip . service and food were okay , not outstanding but nothing to complain about . while filling out expense reports , i found that on both occasions the bartender increased my tip . on the first occasion by $ 1 , and on the second by $ 2 . i was not being cheap with tips just under 20 % . this is actually criminal activity . anyone who goes here should check their credit cards .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "place was nice .. bar atmosphere with tv 's everywhere you look.. food was really really good.. orders were eliza chicken sandwich ... and shaved rib eye both sandwiches were outstanding ... the pot roast fries were amazing and reminded me of pouteen .. only down side was the overwhelming flavor of salt", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yes . just , yes . i do n't even like hamburgers . i really do n't . but i ate one today and it was fantastic . it was the worker burgher ( without mushrooms ) and it was delicious . i also ordered sweet potato fries that were actually sweet potato waffle fries . i went here during lunch on a friday and there was absolutely no wait . i felt like the food took a little while to come out , but it was okay as we were n't in a rush . i would definitely not call the place `` busy . '' it was basically empty . the waitress did not come around too often so i ca n't comment too much on the staff in general . i was just happy with the food . i do n't know if i 'd want to come here when it was busy though , i could see it getting a little overwhelming . i will definitely be returning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fun place with great atmosphere . gf got some stellar beers and i got a strange concoction called healing hands that had a foam top with activated charcoal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "those pot roast fries ... ..yummmmmmmmm", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent selection of rotating drafts for every beer snob out there . service was great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place , even though i 've only been twice ( so far ! ) . take your time perusing the menu ; it 's got lots of hidden gems . i suggest ordering the popcorn with truffle oil to munch upon while you decide what else to order !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went here on a weekend and we could n't move around at all . a drunk fratty clientelle seems to be the niche market here . it was just kind of trashy like carson st unhingend . i love the look of the brick and lightbulbs but it just seems like a corporate interpretation of something that used to be cool , applied to an unfortunately gross clientelle.. i hate to be so harsh but it just saddens me to see a place like this emerge in lawrenceville .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great drinks and beer selection . also a great bar to watch games at . unfortunately the night i went , the bartenders were very rude and cold . it took them ten minutes to ask us what we wanted to drink , when the bar was half empty . when i asked about the specialty drinks the bartender rolled her eyes and vaguely explained to me what the smoke stack drink was . all in all cool bar , bad service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been here for drinks before but just popped in for food last week . service felt rushed , but i was very pleasantly surprised by how good my burger and the fiance 's mac and cheese were ! i was expecting typical , average pub food but that is not what we got . my burger was excellently seasoned and topped with goat cheese , arugula , and caramelized onions , and the pasta in the mac and cheese was n't mushy with just the right amount of bite . i would definitely come back to try more food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to be a regular here , but the service and quality of food has really went down hill . the burgers were top notch , but the last two times i went there , the burger was very over cooked . also seemed like fries had been sitting around too long . on a separate occasion , i sat at the bar with my girlfriend , and service was quite slow even though it was half empty on a sunday afternoon .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been here quite a few times now , but every time i find myself being surprised at how good the food is . anything on the menu that has pot roast in it is sure to be a good decision -- appetizers , entrees , sandwiches . i also love the lucy furnace , their portobello sandwich . the most recent time i was here we got a few things off their late night menu , which still included some great choices -- pot roast nachos , fries , pizza . i really like coming here for their large selection of draft beers , at great prices . they have a lot of local options , and change the menu seasonally-great to try new beers . i 'm not a whiskey person , but those that are seem to like their smoke stacks-pick your whiskey and wood flavor that the bartender will light on fire to `` infuse '' for you . it is a surprisingly large venue , with additional seating in a side room , so i 've never felt cramped even when it does it busy on a friday night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're looking to get a good burger at a good price , come to industry . their burgers are a+++ . cool atmosphere , huge bar , good prices , and great location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "somehow industry has found the balance between a sports bar and a cocktail bar . they 've got a wide whiskey selection , craft beer selection , and the type of liquor and cocktails that make your mixology nerds happy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only been here twice now and both times the service was not bad it was horrible . to have 2 bartenders on and not be that busy i should n't have to wait 5 minutes to be greeted or waited on .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cool atmosphere here with a nice list of drinks . service has been pretty good and attentive . we typically have our 4 year old and now our newborn with us , and it 's kids friendly here . i forget every time we come that we should just stick to the appetizers . the pot roast fries are good ! we were n't impressed with the hamburgers and grilled chicken salad . if we did n't have kids with us , this really would n't be our first choice in lawrenceville .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am giving this place one star because i ca n't give it zero stars . let 's start with the dirty drinkware . there was old lipstick & fingerprints all over our water and drink glasses . a dining companion ordered the mozzarella wheels and when they arrived , 3 5 had no cheese in them . it took us over an hour for us to receive our meal . when our food finally came , my order was incorrect . we decided to order dessert ( either creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e or bread pudding ) and we went with the creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e . it was awful . it was cold & very thick . i exchanged it for the bread pudding which was slightly better . i 've been to the lawrenceville location before & had no issue . i 'm definitely not coming back to this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place single handedly ruined lawrenceville . it 's filled with people who live in wexford and recent college grads who think they 're being edgy . overpriced crap . if you like it , you are probably wearing a light rinse bootleg jean , pointy toed boots , and a sparkly black shirt on a friday night .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i find myself coming here much too often as of lately . it 's been very cold and frosty and nothing warms me up better than a smoke stack . this is a whiskey drink that makes me want to just sit there in a sweater and wool socks and watch all the hipsters pedal by while sitting in the comfort of this cozy gastropub . every attention to detail has been paid . from the lighting and decor to the unique menu and classy cocktails , this place is fancy but it 's not , because it 's still in pittsburgh , so you can go and relax . if you go , ask for jess as your server because she 's super nice and patient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a very pleasant bar experience , with good bar selection and a fun atmosphere that encourages mingling with your neighbors . if i could , i would give 4.5 stars , but i think the drinks are overpriced comparatively . that said , the food is great and i am definitely planning to return for a meal . i really appreciate how each section of the menu has some vegetarian options . stay tuned !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh yeah - i like this place ! i 'm a regular in lawrenceville and i think it really needed a place like this . i made plans to get there early prior to the pens game 5 so that we had the perfect spot for watching the game . the walls are lined with flat screen tvs and the bar is also encircled with them . there is n't a bad seat in the house . what i really love is the attention to detail on the food and bar menus . it 's so sad when a place like this opens up and their menus fall flat . industry has such a selection of 'artisan ' bar food and drinks ... .including house-infused cucumber gin ! i like to think this place is a bit more mature and i 'm hoping it does n't lure the sloppy drunk college crowd from south side .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was going to try them again , they do not even bother answering their phone , it goes straight to voice mail .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! the ambience on weekends is great and the food is very good too . i would give it 5 stars if the service was better but delay is kinda expected with that many people . try the steakhouse burger , it was gooood ! also , they have a couple of rooms that i think can be used for private partys .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would say that the food here was average . the waiter took about half an hour to get our drinks . the best dish i had at this place was the bread pudding .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't get it . ate there on a saturday night during art all night weekend . eight of us . it was ok at best . drink sucked . maybe it was not exotic enough for all the craft cocktail nonsense . but how hard is it to make a stoli & soda ? ordered togo food today . poor at best . ribs burnt with a ketchup bbq on top of fries . no cole slaw like menu said . fried pickles totally different from last time , and mac & cheese oily with no taste . third try for me . i am done .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food was n't bad . we did ask for our burgers to be cooked medium-well and they came out pretty rare . other than that it was pretty good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place to meet friends for drinks and apps . always an accommodating staff-service is impeccable . have held a few events here and management so good to work with . excellent service , food and drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband stopped in to have a beer and quick snack . we sat ourselves at the bar . for a saturday late afternoon , the place had a good crowd in it . the atmosphere is very casual and laid back . the bar tender was very attentive . we got a beer each and it was hard to pick because they have a nice selection . i got one from a local brewery , which was quite good . i also ordered a flatbread which hit the spot . i thought it was too big for a `` snack , '' but my husband helped me with it . lots of fresh mozzarella cheese and a crisp crust . he got some boneless wings that the server recommended . i was glad he got the half pound because it was a lot of food . the wing sauce had a good spice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to industry with a large group on a thursday night- the place was packed . they were very kind in finding us a table and service was quick . the waitress was helpful with telling what is gluten free on the menu- if you ' have celiacs i do n't recommend going . there were a few drink options that were gluten free too . the atmosphere is on the loud and cramped side , but we enjoyed it . i highly recommend the nachos- enough to feed a crowd !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a little more than i usually spend on dinner , but it was definitely worth it for the awesome combinations they offer here . i ca n't speak to the drinks , but i had the lucy furnace - a portobella mushroom sandwich on ciabatta . it was amazing . ( although i tasted my husband 's burger which was equally delicious . ) the regular fries were also amazing so i can not even begin to imagine how delicious the upgraded fries must be . oh yeah , and the bathrooms are immaculate . wins all around .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to industry public house a few times . the drink selections are great , and the food is good . there are so many places to go that have great food , so this place is not first on my list of places to go by any means . it 's noisy inside , but that may be because this place is usually packed . overall , industry is worth trying , but there are better choices , especially for food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a big thanks to rory and la main d'or for a great experience on each visit . very happy with the style that rory masterfully creates and appreciate the tips on how best to style my hair !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "big thank you to rory and the team and la main d'or for their terrific service . my first time here , staff were professional and the convenient location right at college park on the subway line made it an easy visit . very happy with the style that rory achieved and appreciated his sound advice on maintaining the look .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is terrible - they do not know how to handle hair at all ( straight , virgin asian hair ) . had the worst hair salon experience of my life here and walked out almost in tears because the woman managing it is such a rotten , condescending , racist person .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is about rory , . rory is one of the best men 's hairs stylist i have encountered . he is meticulous and always gives a great cut which grows out very nicely . rory is an artist and i always like what he suggest and always get compliments on my cut from friends . give him a try , you will not regret it . i have moved salon 's so that rory can still cut my hair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to this salon today after calling to see if they could fit me in . they were very kind and professional . my hairdresser was nash and she did an amazing job cutting and styling my hair from my very awkward undercut . it was such a great experience ! i will definitely return !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the laser run by kyla and her team is absolutely disappointing . i bought a package of sex sections , which is reasonably priced , but with no results . unlike other professional places ( which i switched to lately ) , kyla did n't examine the type of my skin and hair , but started working immediately . unfortunately i bought a package of six sections , finished five , but the hair is still growing with the same thickness and amount . absolutely unprofessional .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "things at this sonic have gone from bad to worse . the quality had been failing and the staff does n't even have a clue what they are doing . today was the best one yet . we went there for breakfast and they have a special where large drinks are .99 . that should be simple , well not for them or their management staff . we get the receipt and they charge us 1.99 . should be and easy fix , should be , well it was n't . we were told they ca n't refund it they already ran the card , sorry . they gave us a coupon for a .99 drink for later . how does that fix it ? no matter how many ways we explain , they do n't get it . i understand they are young , but they need someone with more management training there to help . get it together sonic .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used to come here everyday for lunch for a drink- a strawberry limeade or cherry dr. pepper . but the last few months they have gotten my order wrong . i used to get my drinks slushed and when i asked them they looked at me as if i had grown two heads . i then got told we do n't do it slushed anymore ... .i mean am i in the right place ? ? is this sonic ? i gave up , nothing is more frustrating than getting an order wrong and having to turn back around when in the drive thru and explaining it to them . and when i have , my drinks get `` messed with '' meaning they 've added other flavors in . forget this place , i 'll go to another one instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just go to sonic for their amazing lemon berry slush ... . ooo so good . the best combination ever . real lemons and strawberries . this thing is the best to cool you down . ahhhhhh i want another one just thinking about it . happy hour starts at 3pm !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went around 11:00am and ordered a large cherry nerd slushy , a large mango iced tea and three chicken strips sandwiches . there was only one other car and they sort of took a long time . the chicken strip sandwiches where made perfectly not sloppy and they came with like 3-4 stripes of chicken which is pretty good for $ 1.49 . the slushy was sort of melted but it was delicious and the mango tea i took a sip of it ( not for me ) and it tasted sweet and good . the service was good but not fast just normal i guess . the cashier was nice and not rude . the waiter in the roller skates was nice too . everything was awesome and no complaints .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst service ... they always forget an item or two . making me wait even longer . both times left without my complete order . tempe location is better . the wait time seems long at both places but i think it 's normally consistence . the service is just the worst though at the southern location", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst sonic ever ! i just went for 2 drinks , i was the only person in line and i waited 15 min . i came with my boyfriend last week and got 2 orders of wings ( again , the only people in line ) and we waited over 25 min . this place needs to get it together !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't know how you can go wrong with a cherry & lime slush , corn dog and chili cheese tots ! oh yeah , go during happy hour to get drinks half off . in addition to happy hour ( 2-4pm ) they run other specials but i never remember what or when they are . it 's probably a good thing i do n't , otherwise i 'd probably be there everyday and double in size while simultaneously going broke on the breaded and fried delights . i 'm not a fan of using sprite zero in the limeades . no doubt they would put regular sprite in it if i asked but when i ordered one without noticing they switched it my taste buds were not happy with the surprise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no one in the parking lot and they took a long time to bring out the order . the guy taking the order was being a smart ass with my senior citizen parents . no customer service skills at all . maybe this is why the parking lot is empty .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was first time here and will be the last time the guy who was taking are order try to over charge me i would not recommend coming here unless you wan na get rip off and over charge", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i went to sonic today , and the girl had to ready our order 3 times in order to get it right and then once we got the food and went home i find this . yes the food mainly the tator -tots were soaked in grease . and it soaked into my car floor . i understand that it was 4 pm and happy hour was ending so it was busy but that 's not an excuse to put out shitty quality . not that i 'm expecting red lobster but this is not worth the pay . our meal was 16 $ . 16 $ got me a soaked bag and food covered in grease because of course they put the tator-tots on the top of everything else . but it was n't just the tots my burrito was extremely soaked in grease on one end . i 'm so disappointed . at least have so dignity in the little quality put out # notip", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i stopped at the drive-thru to grab a bite to take back to the office yesterday . sonic 's are different everywhere i go . this one has a drive thru , but there is no payment pick up window . they bring it to the curb . the speaker guy was friendly and let me know all my choices with my combo . the food was hot and fresh . i asked for the burger with mustard only , and they took off the lettuce tomato , but i should have clarified . good cherry limeade , too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like their tater tots tho i have n't had them for ages , they have good drinks , the breakfast sandwiches are pretty good , though not very healthy i 'm sure . a coupla nights ago i stopped in here late to try out their holiday chocolate mint milkshake . it was pretty good , very creamy , good flavor , about a dollar more than the peppermint one at arby 's . both had tons of peppermint slivers in them . i 'd rather just have the mint flavor without the particles i have to chew . to each his own . i 'd go back but not too often .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst place . i just waited 15 mins for a breakfast burrito at 7 am in the morning . there was no one there the whole time . disappointed . plus the screen said our food was being delivered for like half of that time so how long did my food just sit there for no reason ? i 'm in a hurry people but they do n't care . service was rude as could be as well .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "chicken sandwich was supposed to have no lettuce extra mayo . had to pick the brown lettuce off of the dry nuggets . disappointed to say the least .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "waited 20 minutes in the drive through for a `` custard concrete '' or whatever its called . there was no line in front of me . the food orders behind me both got their food before me . had to leave before i received it because i had to get back to work .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i give them two stars because every time i came i actually left with food and that food was passable but the service is confusing , they are bad at taking orders , they have an odd setup for the drive-thru and on more than one occasion tried to give me the wrong food , on two other occasions they had to re make the food i ordered because they gave it to another car . the last 4 times i asked for ketchup and received none , today i mentioned this and they gave me 15 packets . i can only use 3 on a thing of tots and 15 packets now does not make up for ketchup-less tots of last week .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love the slushed here and the cherry limeade ! ! ! the food is good too ! i 'm not really into burgers , but i 've had their chicken strips and grill cheese and tator tots , so good ! they are always pretty busy but it 's usually no more than a 10 minute wait for food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give this place zero stars i would . i ordered the $ 5 boom box and the food was absolutely awful . the tater tots were room temperature and had no salt , the chicago dog tasted like it had been under the warmer for 2 days , but the burger was the worst . it was half the size of the bun and completely overcooked . i do n't know if they cooked old meat or had left it under the warmer too long or both , but i had to throw it out . i would n't have even given it to my dog . do n't bother going here unless you like throwing money away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good experience . nice staff even though our visit was really late . i thought it was weird the drive thru does n't have a window but i guess that 's the whole place . hot fudge sundae looked and tasted good . this chain place lives up to its reputation . fast , tasty , and clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got my drink order wrong again . this was the 4th time this has happened . i asked for a frozen strawberry limeade which is a slush drink and i got a regular limeade . no strawberry just a limeade . even my receipt says frozen strawberry limeade . beyond disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food here is fair and the service is slow . plan to spend two to three times as long as you normally would at a sonic . they tend to get the order correct and the staff is somewhat personable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible service , all i ordered was two kids meals and a drink and they took 15 minutes to bring my food out . i even press the red button again because i was convinced that they forgot about my order . wo n't ever be returning to this location", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we did not have a great sonic experience this evening , and we normally do at a different location . first we had to correct the guy taking our order 3 times . we then waited 15 minutes for our food . when it came , the girl just started handing it to us without saying a word , i was waiting for her to read off the order like they normally do , but she just said have a good night as she started to walk away . the food was meh . chicken was hot and tasted ok. tots and mozzarella sticks were fine . hot dog tasted old and looked dried out . grilled cheese was dry . we also realized after we got home that we did n't receive any sauces with the chicken and mozzarella sticks and were never asked when ordering .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i wen to the store to buy 5 chess burgers around 11 pm ! i got my entire meal late and cold ! i call back the guy say to return the burgers to exchange almost mid night with my kids hungry they all ready finish the burger ! ! i he say to came back another day to get a new ones but thad never happen cause the gm was not there i spend 45 min to give a not till the gm was there thad i have to came back on friday to speak with him ! ! ! that 's so ridiculously please do n't bother buying their is not personal capable to handle anything ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give zero stars i would . went for a quick ice cream fix as we do once a month or so and we left our place at 11:45 get there by my cell time at 11:53. we wait a couple mins they tell us they are closed at 11:55 ... i do n't know who runs this location , but their ethics are not business oriented . they 've messed up our order twice now and this was the final straw . on e time a couple months ago we came to get oreo blasts and when we tasted it they were soggy and old . another time they mixed up topping with snickers and m & ms didnt match what was mixed in . i know things happen , but repeated incompetence gets old . probably why you failed your inspection a few months back . http : www.maricopa.gov envsvc envwebapp tabs results.aspx ? navigatedfrom=inspectionresultsdrilldownaa & permit=fd-03266 & business=sonic % 20drive % 20in % 20mesa % 20 % 20no % 201 & address=618 % 20w % 20southern % 20ave % 20 % 20 & insp_id=3596360", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely love their staff ! first drive-thru i 've been to where they actually care whether or not they have your order right . great place at night !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is terrible ... i have gone here about 4-5 times in the last 5 months , and every single time i have had to wait for 18 plus minutes . all but one of the times , i was the only person in the drive through line . if i wanted to wait that long , i would just get a to go box from a restaurant ! i will never go here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "usually it 's a long wait but we go when every one wants a mid night snack . i usually do n't complain about terrible service from fast food . but i get an unusual amount of cold food from this location . tonight i got a master blast with pieces of styrofoam in it . definitely not pleasing . taking a break for a bit . my gut will probably be happy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "loren and rick were a pleasure to work with ! they moved my large floral cooler ( 750lbs - no wheels , metal and glass ) and got it into my home studio at a very reasonable price . super professional and the guys showed up with everything they needed ! i 'll definitely use them again and would recommend them to anyone who needs to move crazy big or valuable items !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased a rare sofa whose attributes included fiberglass and acrylic . the sofa , an iconic piece , dating back to the '70 's , was purchased in flawless condition and in my wanting to preserve its condition , i entrusted craters & freighters with the delicate task of transporting this artifact from north carolina to nyc with white glove specification . loren chavis-waldrop , the manager at craters & freighters , was a consummate professional . loren handled my transport with painstakingly appreciated detail - corresponding mostly by way of email , loren mapped out and expertly managed everything that would take place , how and when it would take place - charting by way of photograph all major stops : the retrieval process and as well the sofa being carefully packed in its custom wooden crate , the sofa itself wrapped in layers and layers of bubble wrap , sitting on foam to prevent from shock during transport and as well to protect the base of the sofa during travel . i recommend craters & freighters to all in need of a qualitative shipping company with the expertise needed to transport the most valuable of pieces !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not recommend loren of craters and freighters highly enough . i needed to ship 140 years of family archives ( papers , photos , scrapbooks , etc . ) to the uk and was intending to send them by surface , i.e. , by sea . loren quoted a price that was not only one third that of her competitors , but she managed to find a deal that would ship the material by airfreight door-to-door for only \u20a450 more ! not only that , surface shipping would have been door-to-port , and i would have had to make my own arrangements to get the pallet delivered to my house . she was prompt and responsive and made what was a fairly intricate process a breeze . all the irreplaceable material arrived in perfect shape in less than a week . in fact , working with loren , the process was so smooth , seamless and affordable that i am now thinking about shipping more items over that i had planned to just leave in the states .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys just started a project for my company . desra is a sweetheart , she listened intently to what we were looking for in branding a new product , offered lots of feedback , and was gracious in every way . their pricing is definitely affordable , as the name suggests , plus they offer printing in house ! they also get kudos for being a local independent business . give em ' a shot if you need a logo , business cards , brochures , etc ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love affordable image ! desra , kim , mike and the team are fantastic ! you ca n't `` afford '' to not check them out ! 5 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike and kims team at affordable image have been making things possible for we fix ugly pools since 2002 . without their expertise in logo development , printing and marketing , i am unsure where we would have been . if you are looking for something to help your business , do n't hesitate to give these guys a call ! tell them the ugly pool guy sent you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used ai and referred others to them , they afre stellar ! unlike `` some marketing firms '' these guys not only took the time to listen to my ideas and desires , they then produced exactly what we envisioned on the first try ! in fact , they exceeded our lofty expectations and the new business generated by their work product was eight times the projected revenue . nice folks , easy to work with , no bs , no silly excuses , no unscheduled charges . i highly recommend ai to anyone seeking revenue-generating marketing solutions . affordable image is a major profit center for us and others we have directed to them . they deserve 10 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we we 're trying to sell our house and wanted to find a doggie daycare close to the house where the pups could play and not be stuck in the car with me while the house was showing . we learned about pet . paradise and went for a tour . from the moment we walked in i was impressed . we brought both dogs over for a visit which was at no cost just to see if they liked it . my younger dog has n't been very socialized with other dogs . well they loved it ! one even went swimming and was playing with the others by the 2nd visit ! love the staff ! we will come back even after we sell the house !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are fantastic ! moose is our fur baby and we would n't take him just anywhere . we heard great things about this new location and they exceeded our expectations . beautiful pool shaped like a bone ! the water is specially treated for dogs . moose swims all the time and smells so clean when we pick him up . i love how tired he is at the end of the day ; i know he played hard and enjoyed his time with other dogs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i feel this place would probably been a better option if my dog was spayed . i only seen her on doggy cam once & that was the day of pickup . i literally watched the cams from 630am saturday until pick up on monday ( drove my husband crazy ) even called saturday before closing to check on her because i never seen her . i could n't enjoy being away when i was worried from not seeing her . then i gave her a bath when we got home because her elbows were red ( she 's white so it 's noticeable ) & her paws have red spots . i guess we know our dog & she just is n't acting the same .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my dog love going to daycare care here . he always comes home happy and tired . great staff and easy to find location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the employees are all very professional and friendly . facility is clean . my bull terrier puppy is tired when he comes home , so i think he is getting some good play time in . i like that i can watch the cameras from my mobile phone . not super easy to catch the right time when my dog is playing , but that is expected since all dogs ca n't play at the same time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly staff , they took care of my dog last year for my vacations . i trust them and will keep boarding my dog since their system is easy convenient and affordable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our mixed dog , ophelia , loves pet paradise . she has been there on three occasions , once for a two-night stay and two other times just for the day . today when i went to pick her up she did n't want to leave . when we dropped her off this morning , a young man from the back came to get her . he called her by name and ophelia just went crazy giving him kisses . it feels good to know i can leave my pet and she is being well cared for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "left our 2 dogs at pet paradise this past weekend so we could go on a vacation . absolutely thrilled with the place . the people are awesome , the manager was so helpful , the place is immaculately clean and the piece of mind we got for leaving them there was priceless . fan for life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love pet paradise ! the first time we left our puppy there was for a 10 day vacation . she seemed to love it.. without hesitation , we take her for daycare when we know we have long days at the office . she always comes home exhausted ... tired puppy is a happy puppy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love pet paradise , matthews ! our boys receive outstanding care during their visits . we have never boarded them before moving to charlotte , so we were pretty anxious on their first visit . the staff quickly put our minds at ease , as it is very evident that everyone loves being there and working with these precious animals . we have boarded the boys here on 2 separate occasions . both times were awesome ... .we have absolutely no qualms leaving our babies in their care ! it is such a comfort to know they are getting love and attention while away from home . lots of love , playtime , potty breaks , mealtimes , and rest times ... ..peace of mind ! we love watching our boys and all of the other visitors on the doggy cam during play times ! we also would like to mention their grooming services ... ..our boys go regularly for their spa days ! jessica is amazing , and does fantastic work on our yorkie and yorkie poo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "both denver and his wife vicki are wonderful people . denver does exceptional work and will get to the root of the problem before he releases the vehicle to you even if you really need it . he 's not going to let you drive out unless he 's 100 % sure that it works . knowing that it was very expensive job he actually worked with me to bring the cost down . i have nothing negative to say except that they 're exceptionally busy and they deserve to be so . i recommend them highly for intricate work in addition to the everyday oil change .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "denver was a referral from a good friend after my ac went out so i called and was told to come in the next day which was a saturday ... denver took great care of me and took his time to identify the problem and quickly explain the repair . highly recommend this shop to anyone looking for a automotive fix or general maintenance on their vehicle . no haggling or bs here . straight forward and honest man and shop centrally located .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "denver has been taking care of my car for almost three years now . i have found him to be very knowledgeable even with my foreign car . i have never had a problem when he services or repairs anything . you never feel like he is ripping you off he tells you exactly what he needs and charges fair prices . that 's important especially being a woman and not always knowing about cars even though i will do my research and compare prices . he 's a nice guy as well and i usually always have my car back the same day . i started using him when i lived in melrose and now that i have moved away i will still drive over to use him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gave me a killer on oil changes and i now wo n't go anywhere else for anything . trusting your mechanic is a big deal and can be hard to find . this man is honest and does a great job with my tacoma , my parents ram and audi . fair pricing and honest knowledgeable skills . best mechanic in the valley .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! denver is awesome and has helped me out with my mercedes a few times . being a young girl who is n't the most knowledgeable about cars , it 's nice knowing i can go to denver and trust 100 % whatever he tells me . i 'm able to get my car in and worked on quickly and would recommend denver 's car care to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here for two oil changes now on my new toyota tacoma , and both experiences were great . super friendly staff , got me in when i wanted , did n't waste any time , and got me out the door . no issues with me bringing my own oil and filter , and more than fair pricing for their labor . i do n't have any experience with anything more complicated with the shop , but i would n't hesitate to give them a shot if something came up , based on the ease of these two services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have a vintage ford and i brought it into denver because it was dying . my problem was hard to diagnose but denver figured it all out and fit me in the day i asked . great work and great customer care .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in here yesterday because i needed to find a new auto shop due to the previous one trying to gouge me on repairs . i needed an oil change and the dreaded check engine light had popped up a couple days prior . they were slammed ! a good sign in my opinion . although they could n't fit me in yesterday they did pick up on my sense of urgency about the check engine light issue and got me in this morning first thing . everyone was very nice and professional . luckily it was just a sensor , but the costs that came back to change my oil and take care of it were very reasonable compared to my previous auto shop . they also appear to have a shop cat who wanders around and welcomes customers who is uber friendly . overall great service at a great price . i will be back here again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i brought my car into denver because my brakes were bad . not only did he help me quickly he also checked the other problem i was having with my engine . i had taken my car to an autoshop that was closer and was told i needed a whole new engine ! it was shown that i do n't need an engine but something much easier not to mention the cost was half of what i was expecting to pay . denver was so nice a great people person and you can tell he loves what he does . i will be returning with my vehicles for whatever i may need done and i highly recommend denver 's car care to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely worth the drive : ) i had a great experience at ivory row ! danielle was so helpful and so so so so knowledgeable about every gown i tried on . cant wait to wear my dress on our big day ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great time at ivory row . the quiet and relaxed nature of the space made for a fun , stress free shopping experience . my consultant delora , especially , made my experience especially memorable . she was helpful , knowledgable , willing to help me with things beyond just the selection of my dress . she even helped pick out the color palette of my wedding that would go best with my dress ! furthermore , she did this all in a way that felt like talking with a friend rather than a salesperson . i was thoroughly impressed with the entire experience and i plan to continue to use their expertise as i move on to the bridesmaids dresses . i 'm so happy that i shopped and eventually purchased a unique and gorgeous wedding dress from this shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this boutique is amazing ! sydney was my consultant and she made the whole dress buying experience so much fun . she was so knowledgeable about every gown i tried on and made sure they were pinned perfectly so i could get a realistic idea of how it would fit . i highly recommend this bridal boutique .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after having a bad experience at another boutique , i was so incredibly grateful to have sydney to help me at ivory row . if you go here be sure to ask for her ! she went above and beyond to make sure that i got the dress of my dreams . she was also very flexible when i needed to make additional appointments the following days ( since i was so indecisive and could n't make up my mind ) . i am very thankful for the patience and help that i got from her . i was also very surprised at the selection . when you first look it seems like they do n't have a lot , but once i started trying on dresses i liked every single one i tried on . even if you do n't find a dress here , the experience was great ! i would definitely recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such mixed feelings after leaving here . yes i did find my dress and i love it . customer service was great untili after i purchased my dress and then they wanted nothing to do with helping me ( alterations , time and day to pick it up ) . not only that but today i found my dress on the designers website for a fraction of the price ivory row changed me , and i bought their sample dress in store ... do n't feel like the happy valley location was honest and trust worthy . that 's a huge purchase in life to feel that way afterwards . pretty let down", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so grateful to have found this bridal boutique ! sydney was absolutely incredible and so caring , she made the whole process comforting . definitely made the best decision buying my wedding dress here ! so blessed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had such an amazing experience here ! danielle took amazing care of me and she is very experienced and helped me feel comfortable ! i found the dress of my dreams and could n't be more happy with this store ! i had gone to a bunch of other appointments and this one was such a breath of fresh air !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fun staff . they always make conversation as i 'm waiting for my drink . also very quick . i do n't ever want more than three minutes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "michigan cherry mondays ... mmmmm . i used to avoid this place because it seemed too `` fast food '' like for me . however , when i 'm on my way to work and i really need a quick cup of coffee , this is my go-to place . the staff are so friendly and they do n't appear to hate their jobs in the morning , which will brighten anyone 's day . i have n't had any of their espresso drinks due to an intolerance to sugar and i wish they had healthier food options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great coffee . the beans are slow roasted so no bitter taste . plenty of seating . great family place to relax and enjoy a cup of coffee or tasty frozen drink .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is friendly and helpful , but this location has issues with the internet , which i believe to be permanent seeing as i 've experienced them on two occasions .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great service , drinks and food ! will keep coming here . bragel sandwiches are very yummy . they also have daily specials . monday : free shot of espresso in your drink . tuesday : $ 1 off baked good . wednesday : $ 1 off bragel sandwich . thursday : the special of the date is voted on their facebook page each week .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a former starbucks barista and i have truly been blown away by the customer service and the quality of drinks at this location over this past summer ( 2014 ) . although the prices are very steep , the espresso is very strong ( big plus for me ) and the various flavor combinations are tasty and refreshing . they make a delicious red bull slushie , although it costs double the price of the amount they actually put in it . i truly recommend trying biggby 's , their baristas make sure you leave with a smile and a delicious drink or treat , just be prepared to also leave with a significantly lighter wallet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love bigbys it has so many choices the people are great and the coffee is is amazing my favorite coffee yet", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is never busy , probably due to the fact that everything here is overpriced . the drinks are good and the staff is friendly . the pricing forces me to give this place 3 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the drinks are pricey . this location is rarely busy , so that 's a plus . plenty of tables to study or sit with friends . they have a few breakfast selections , like bagels and such . the staff have always been friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "restaurant review : great drinks , but expensive compared to starbucks . i ca n't believe i just said that ... i am new to the area and decided to stop by to get a frappucino equivalent . they have a larger selection of unique coffee drinks . the barista was super friendly and helpful even getting me a biggby card to earn for the next free drink . the cold version of the mocha with tax was 7 dollars + which i was suprised because i think the large version of a frap is approximately 6 dollars with tax included . the drink itself had a stronger coffee flavor . i believe the markup here occurs with the 50 cents more for frozen drinks . overall good , but i do n't think i can drink here everyday without breaking the bank . pro : friendly barista , quick service , free wifi cons : expensive hidden gem : obtain a biggby card and sign up online . free drink on your birthday and also a free drink with every 11 purchased .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pizza taglio is my husband and i 's go to dinner spot . the best wood fired pizza pittsburgh and it 's the only thing comparable ( if not better ) than pizza i 've had in italy . the hand pulled mozzarella on the pizza is a cheese lovers dream come true . also , add the jidori egg yolk to your pizza . you 're welcome . tony , the owner , makes everyone feel like family . if you have n't been yet , you should probably go for dinner tonight .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were really excited when this place opened up and finally had the chance to check it out . we were one of two tables seated and it took over 40+ min to get our pizzas . the waitress was very nice and said they would be on the house because of the wait . we thought that was very nice . i got a white pizza with ricotta and arugula and the h got red with sausage . they were both good although some of the arugula on my pie was soggy and turning slime like when it sits too long in the bottom of a produce bag . no biggie . easily removed . we each loaded up on red chili flakes for some kick . the check arrived and nothing was comped . i felt too awkward to bring it up or make a scene . oh well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the staff is disorganized . the rude man with the red beard at the counter was too busy with a personal call to take my order for about 5 minutes . there was no menu `` they 're not printed yet '' . i thought they only had pizza since that was all that was listed on the blackboard -6 varieties , but it appeared they had other choices . the rest room ( unlabeled ) is down the hall but if you go there u get locked out . i had the asparagus pizza which was delicious . the staff seems to be trying really hard so maybe with time things will run smoother . i was entertained throughout my meal by the black spider crawling up and down the counter & on the coffee grinder . this was the reason i passed on the delicious looking chocolate cake , sliced but uncovered on a plate next to the coffee grinder .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pizza taglio has amazing , thin-crust pizza . the carbonara pizza , with a bright orange-yolked fresh egg on top , was a real highlight and tasted exactly like a bowl of spaghetti carbonara , even though it was a pizza . alchemy , i say . we also had the greenpointer , with spicy soppresata and honey , which was a perfect combination of sweetness and heat . a lot of other reviews mention dinette which is close by . having been to both , my advice is to bypass dinette and go straight to pizza taglio . make sure to remember your wine - it 's byob .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . me and the gf have been here multiple times together . you can byob so you can grab a bottle of wine on the way ! the pizza here is awesome . gourmet , if you will ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious brick oven pizza ! great atmosphere , small but big enough to bring 4 or more people without feeling overcrowded . pizza options are endless from red to white . byob also a plus at $ 2.50 per person . this place could be one of the better spots in the city for brick oven pizza .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "soggy crust , 'nuff said . service could use work , too .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what a great idea . menu items include pizza , pizza and pizza ! byob . simple and delicious because when you stay focused you can perfect the craft . margherita pizza was superb ... . the guys shared one with sausage and honey . not a crumb left on the plate ! nice casual atmosphere ... we will go back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had dinner here last night . simple , fresh ingredients , good pizza . we ordered the margherita , green-pointer and new ricotta pie.friendly service , even as they started to get busy . the ambiance is lack luster and the logo painted on the wall is just terrible . would i go back ? yes", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not a 4 for following reasons . this is place to go for pizza and be on your way to evening activity . tables very tight together . pizza is acceptable for the price so ok on price to value ... but no wow factor . i had the sausage and pepper and regretted not going with the soprsotta topic . marie had a white pizza with arugula and tomatos etc and she liked it same . we got the antipasta dish of cheese and charcuterie ... and they did not have bread or anything to eat with it ? ? if you go with a european style ... then does miss on the basics . dish not cheap and not a lot either so value to price not good ... so that is why suggest stick with the pizza and make it a first stop of the night not the destination and you should n't be disappointed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a gem ! ! ! authentic roman-style pizza along with amazing appetizers . byob and the atmosphere is relaxing , just like rome where you can sit and linger and enjoy . we had the arugula with tomato and mozzarella which was wonderfully fresh . then we had cauliflower appetizer which was also very savory . 4 pizzas later , we were swimming in happiness . the margherita pizza has an unbelievable sauce , and the reds with meat are delicious . we also tried a white pizza with arugula and ricotta . dessert included ricotta with honey and vanilla ice cream with marinated cherries . felt just like roma ! ! ! ! we will be back again and again . tony is about to install the wood fired oven , which will only make his carefully created dishes extra yummy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i know i am in pittsburgh , but i could swear i am in italy . delicious authentic pizza . i had the margherita pizza and could literally taste fresh tomatoes in the sauce .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been there twice so far probably the best gourmet style pizza place in pittsburgh . there was not a lot of seating in the restaurant however it seems like there was enough room to add at least 5 more tables . i feel like they are not utilizing the space to its fullist potential .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being born and raised in nyc for the 20+ years of my life , i have my good share of both good and bad pizza . during an impromptu trip taking my board exams in pitt , i found myself wanted to snack on some cheesy goodness . the hotel recommended pizza taglio which was only a 2 block walk away and boy was it good ! the green stopper pizza was great especially with the honey oil . the mild amount of sweetness complemented the spicy soppressata perfectly . this is on par with alot of neapolitan pies that you would find at pizza moto in nyc . loved and enjoyed every bite !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as a pizza lover i can honestly say the food here is great . after just spending some time in rome i have to admit this rivals the best pizza there . the staff was very nice and helpful even tho they were only soft open .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tony is a master pizza maker ! we tried appetizer , four pizzas , and dessert . all were exceptional . the hot honey on the pizza was a revelation . i can wait to come back and try more pizzas in the future . thanks for wonderful food and a great dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so so so excited for pizza taglio to have opened in this neighborhood . fresh ingredients , awesome combinations , really great and friendly staff . i 'm in love with the hot honey pie . wow ! will be challenging not to hit this place up multiple times a week .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went here on a saturday night . the atmosphere was nice and the food was excellent . we got a margherita pizza and a greenpointer . both were awesome and we 'll definitely go here again . the prices are great , too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious pizza and friendly staff . we had both a red pizza with spicy sausage and an antipasto platter , followed by cannoli and were impressed with everything . would definitely recommend . love that it is byob also !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrible , over priced rip off thin nothing on it store frozen pizza is better will never go back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the greenpointer is off the rails . and tony is a mensch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "updating to a five . this place is easily the best pizza in the city and i have had nothing but exceptional service every time i have been there ( which has been a lot ) . this is my first place to recommend to anyone who is looking for somewhere to eat . i have taken so many people here and everyone agrees - it is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "taglio is one of my favorite pizza places in town . i 'm quite the sucker for wood fired european-style pizzas with a delicious thin crust and fresh ingredients . i 've been coming here for some time now , and every visit the pizza has just gotten better . though , admittedly i 'm a bit sad to see `` the jackie '' is no longer on the menu - it was one of my favorites ! bring a bottle ( or box ) of wine and enjoy some real pizza !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went to pizza taglio two weeks ago and were really impressed with the pizza . we got the adios anoia and may the swartz be with you pizzas . the crust was wonderful - a little chewy but still crisp on the bottom of the pie . i was not impressed with the arugula salad , since the balsamic drizzle was a little too heavy and syrupy , but for the pizza , i give them 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the crew preparing this pizza took lots of care and you can see with the open kitchen . green pointer was lights out . this was my first time , definitely not my last . i love the local pizza scene but this quickly rose amongst the top .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pizza taglio is hands down my favorite pizza place in the us . it 's the closest you can come to real italian pizza . i always end up getting the same pizza - greenpointer with sopresatta and mike 's hot honey . i 'm also a yuge fan of their ricotta pizzas . i believe their ricotta is homemade and tastes fantastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good pizza ! tried it for the first time tonight . the price is definitely reasonable for what you get - taste , originality , quantity . my wife and i got a pie for each of us and we had three slices total left over . the quality is also really good . i like how they show you on the menu who their suppliers are . it gives you confidence that you are getting a good pizza . there is the perfect amount of burnt on the crust . definitely get the pizza with the honey - excellent combination of spicy and sweet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this pizza is phenom ! their signature pizzas have the most unique combination of toppings and they are all shockingly delicious . server was friendly , ambiance is relaxed , and i 'm definitely a fan of byob . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is exceptional . if you are picking up double the time they tell you . has happened to me 5x .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the most ridiculously good pizza . i dream about my current favorite , the jackie - prosciutto , crimini mushrooms and truffle cream . pro tip - order off menu , get johnnie boombatz ( five cheese white pizza with mortadella ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is new and you 'd think they 'd be trained on where equipment was in the building , how to use it , make sure it works properly etc before opening the doors to the public ... you know , because this is a emergency hospital room . but nope ! you 'd think because this was an emergency hospital room , there would be some sense of urgency . nope again ! my grandma moves faster than these people . ( actually caught doctor surfing the net , clearly nothing medically related , instead of attending to patients ) was so excited to see this place go up near my house , but what a complete disappointment when i had to use them the other day . next time i need help , i 'll just go back to the nextcare down the street .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was in a 6 car wreck and they would only give me ibuprofen . slowest service ever and most of the staff was rude . they also lump together drug use with having a medical marijuana card .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as long as you 're wealthy you are fine going here . i went in because i had the flu and was severely dehydrated . an iv and anti nausea medicine plus some lab work . the bill ... . $ 2677 . $ 1500 just to walk through the door .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "whatever doctor was working last night at 3:30am on 3 6 17 . was a rude judgmental unhelpful individual . a big waste of time going there . my second bad experience here . i only went there out of lack of options . i will drive further next time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible service , waiting & waited & waited for a doctor . staff was seen eating fast food and joking around as we were in waiting room . extremely condescending towards us & appeared to be making racist gestures and comments . we felt very uncomfortable at this `` emergency room '' . do not go here ! they are only concerned with making money . we were shocked with our out of pocket costs . on the hook for over $ 3000 ! ! ! should have went to urgent care . total scam !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wife had her foot crushed and in terrible pain . very slow service , no sense or urgency and no care about her well being . will go down to banner gilbert hospital next time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a new , modern facility with very courteous , competent staff . i arrived at 11 pm on a saturday night and was seeing a nurse in 10 mins and a doctor in 15 . i have never had such a positive experience in an er .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here with a cut on my hand i did working in the yard . got stitches after the xray and a good cleaning , then wrapped and discharged . service was fast and good . i was impressed with the staff . the facility was clean . this is what they call a 'free standing er ' which means if you arrive with a serious illness they 'll transfer you to a nearby hospital . ask your insurance company ahead of time if you go here , who pays for the ambulance ride ? they are likely to send you to baywood down the street . but most of the final decision on where to go is up to the people in the ambulance . this place has ct and xray , and blood tests too . there 's a walgreens across the parking lot . easy access off power road , just look for the safeway . this building used to be a pizza place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these nurses and doctors were amazingly nice . professional and caring . i had some recent medical problems and hate asking for help . i stopped in because they are a free-standing emergency room and convenient , so i went . the staff was very friendly and extremely knowledgeable . i want to give credit where it 's due , and thank them for the permit and careful service they provided .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was unhelpful . only gave me zofran and ibuprofen for migraine and vomiting . i asked for toradol or something stronger i was refused . i had bad experience with another small emergency room dignity in goodyear as well kept wanting to give me pregnancy tests but are not willing to help what you ask for help with . i told them i am not pregnant and did not want pregnancy test at goodyear facility dignity emergency and nurses were rude gave me one anyways .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "only use this place if you have met your copay . i went in , thinking i would support a neighborhood facility , while check out a recurring issue that likely needed antibiotics prescribed . my 15 minute visit , ( where the only services received , outside my telling the dr. what my issue was , were temp . and blood pressure ) , cost me nearly $ 1000.00 . i sent them $ 250.00 and asked the balance be forgiven , you know , like insurance companies do . wrong again . i was never contacted with a response but instead was turned over to collections . unless a limb is severed and they are closest , save your $ and just go to urgent care .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went in around 10 in the morning . charged $ 75 before sending us to the treatment room . the same procedure we experienced the time before when we used dignity . running 99 degree fever . given prescription for antibiotics and sent home . by 1:00 , fever up to 101 , told to return which we did . not charged the $ 75 dollars so assume it was being treated as a continuation of earlier visit . ended up 6 hrs later , being transported to banner baywood at a cost of $ 200 ( not dignity 's fault ) . 3 months later i receive a bill for the additional $ 75 for the second visit . i asked why since they did not bill me before showing us to the treatment room , that they felt they should bill us 90 days later . told it makes no difference . i would recommend going directly to banner baywood er . we did just that after our dignity experience and they were very professional and very prompt in giving treatment", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was having a skin rash all over my body that looked like the same rash when i had scarlet fever as a child . i had also had some very serious health issues including valley fever in the months prior . i wanted to make sure it was n't something serious , so i went to this er and the doctor was extremely patronizing and said there was nothing he could do for me . he refused to check me for anything and said i just needed some over the counter allergy meds which i had already taken . after being in the room with him for about 2 minutes , i left and told the front desk that he was patronizing and refused to treat me . i just got a bill for their services . i will never , ever go back to another dignity health .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the front desk staff was very friendly and quick to greet me . the lady at the front desk seemed genuinely concerned and wanted to know what was wrong . the 2 nurses that helped me as soon as they took me back were both friendly . the doctor came in right away and was friendly as well . i had to have a ct scan on my neck due to a severe infection and the tech was just as friendly as the rest . i would always recommend going to your pcp but if you have to go to an er , i highly recommend this one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was recommended to me by my doctor while i 'm on the hcg diet , so the food i ordered was off their hcg phase 2 menu . i 'm told i ordered their most popular meals , but in my opinion , what i ordered was very disappointing . it was very easily packaged but it was way over spiced , to the point that it burned my throat ! i tried a couple different items and i just did n't care for any of it . also , the `` miracle noodles '' are nothing at all like a noodle and have a very odd texture . overall , this place was a big disappointment . i did give them two stars because they were pretty friendly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i wish there was more than 5 stars . this place is amazing ! ! ! we order 17 meals from this place and 19 more are coming in 2 days . every single item was delicious and very easy to make . i have 2 little kids ... so no time for fancy meals ... but with `` my dinner kitchen '' every dinner was like in the restaurant ... i love it love it love ! ! ! ! thank you so much to make my life ealier ... ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a client of my dinner kitchen for a couple of year and i 'm so grateful that they are making my life easier . i 'm a working mother of 2 and the last thing i want to be doing after working all day is spending hours in the kitchen preparing dinner . i love the fact that you can go on their website order the meals and see all of the nutritional ingredients . it 's so easy i can plan out the meals for the week in a matter of minutes . the prices are so reasonable and they offer a great selection so it 's never the same meal night after night . the staff is friendly and always willing to go the extra mile for any last minute request i have . i love this place and would recommend it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got the chicken pretzel sandwich and the pretzel bun was fresh . i 've tried pretzel buns at fast food chains and was not impressed . these pretzel buns are the real deal . for 6 bucks this is a way better sandwich than you could get for the same price at sheetz or another fast food place . service is fast and there are a few tables inside for dine in .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have heard of this place and stopped for lunch today . i had a cheeseburger pretzel and it was amazing . much , much better than a pretzel bun , this is a real pretzel with a cheeseburger in it . the service was great also , very friendly people just makes this place that much better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love pretzels and these are good ! the chicken salad sandwich was delicious . i suggest you stop and give it a try ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a pretzel sandwich with chicken salad -- the pretzel was soft and the chicken salad was made with all white meat.i really loved the pretzel as i find many pretzel buns to be a bit hard for my taste . i also picked up some cinnamon sugar pretzel bites for my mom which she really enjoyed . i will definately make a return trip !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome little place that i would have never found if it was n't for yelp . the staff is friendly , the food is good , and the prices are right . we went on free combo day so each of our sandwiches came with a free drink and bag of chips rather than the usual $ 2 upcharge . i had the jalapeno grilled cheese and it was pretty tasty . it had pickled jalapenos which were just fine but i do feel like fresh jalapenos could have made it even better . i got the regular grilled cheese for my son and the turkey blt for my daughter , both equally delicious . my husband got a cheeseburger and he liked it . the pretzels were the stars of the sandwiches as they should be . the inside is small so plan to take out if anyone else is eating in . the location makes it easy to miss so be on the lookout for the big inflatable pretzel ! def recommend trying them out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just had the most amazing sandwich from there on the real pretzel bun ! it was amazing ! i had the southwest turkey bacon ! it was to die for ! absolutely the best sandwich ever ! i love soft pretzels too ! they have a special place in my heart ! i can eat the 24 7 . this will always be a go to for me ! they are going to have a new regular out of me ! no lie ! its that good ! and priced so well ! you wont leave there hungry or be at home hungry if you get take out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they serve various pretzel-type foods . be aware that they serve no `` sides '' ; chips are literally chips ( i expected fries or homemade chips , not doritos ) . ordered the bbq bacon cheeseburger and it was superb ; a little too heavy on the sauce , but nonetheless , great pretzel burger .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome pretzel sandwiches . especially love the chicken salad . staff is very nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place , honestly stop there now ! owner is extremely friendly . the pretzels speak for themselves , amazing and fresh ! the pretzel holes are great as well as the sandwiches . sandwiches are out of this world . place is kinda hidden due to construction , but it is worth the stop . i go almost every saturday for the pretzels to take home ! try everything , not one thing i have had there yet that i can even say is modestly bad ! keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had found this place by accident on yelp and decided to try it out since i am a soft pretzel fanatic . i got the sweet heat chicken sandwich . the chicken had just the right amount of kick to it and was topped off with honey mustard . the pretzel was delicious and i was going to buy some more to take home , but the line was out the door if that gives you any indication of how good this place is . i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the basic pretzels and pretzel bites are great . i got the turkey bacon club , and it was solid . the soft drinks are from a small philly-based company , which was cool . i 'd love to see the pretzel buns get toasted , and get the flavors ramped up a little in the sandwiches to complement the big chewy pretzel bun . dessert : sweet pretz-holes ! mmm .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is great . they have a platter that you can order and pick up to take to a party - just pretzel holes with tasty dips . much better than a bag of chips and about the same cost . if you 're looking for something a little different and great tasting this is worth the stop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped by the pittsburgh pretzel cafe for a quick bite today . very small and unassuming place , but the food was good . i ordered a cheeseburger on a pretzel bun , chips and a drink . they ran a lunch special today where you get the chips and a drink for free with your sandwich ( saves you $ 2 ) ... ..when we walked in , we were able to order right away and we had our food within 15 min . the staff was polite and the restaurant was decked out in pittsburgh sports team banners , posters , stickers etc . always good to support a local small business vs a chain . worth a shot if you 're looking for something a bit different .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "impeccably selection , reasonable price , spectacular service ! nana 's uptown offers to die for southern selections along withdelectable desserts , wine , and entertainment . i thoroughly enjoyed the mac & cheese , collard green spinach dip , and almost all of their desserts . so far , the only items i do not care for are the baked beans and the cake with strawberry icing ( should be removed from menu ) . so very thankful for the vision that went into this restaurant and will enjoy referring clients , family and friends o use their private dining area as i did for my women 's fellowship this past saturday .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to nana 's with friends on a sunday evening . was n't aware that we needed reservations because of the size of the restaurant ; but we were soon seated afterwards . the food each of us ordered was very good ( meatloaf , salmon , yams , collards , mac n cheese ... ) but we did n't have friendly service . they were very slow bringing out our food . we had to ask for drink refills , bread , even ask for our check . we had 3 different servers by the time we left . never a smile until our last server came out and combined our bills onto one check . we each decided we probably would n't go back . the food was good but the service did n't make us feel it would be worth the trip there again . not even for the free parking on the weekends .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nana 's was awesome ! great place for a party or a small event . i hosted a bridal shower in their private room . service was excellent ! the wait staff was very accommodating . they made sure to wait on us without interfering with our festivities . christopher was our contact for the room and he had everything set up perfectly ! unfortunately , i was unable to dine since i hosted . however , the bridal party loved their meals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "more like 2.5 stars . decor is sleek . the service leaves a lot to be desired . our server was not mean nor overly friendly . the prices are a little high for what you get and limited menu . the vibe to our group felt like they were aiming for ultra-upscale yet not quite there . plus , they expected all patrons to run a tab and the place was not even half-filled ? ? do not know if they had folks try to pull fast ones on them , but our absent-minded server was not getting my cc . we politely paid cash . huge thumbs up for live music . we all say we would be cool to return for a special event .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent mac and cheese , collards and fried oysters . if you order their seafood platter beware ... there is enough food for two people . very nice place and friendly staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mac and cheese is da bomb ! ! ! ! also had their shrimp and grits , which is a favorite of mine ... ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a really great upscale spin on traditional soul food with great service . i have been here multiple times with large parties of 20+ people and have tasted or seen a lot of the menu . dishes range from $ 13 chicken and waffles to $ 40 prime rib , and pretty much everything is delicious . by far the biggest hit was the chicken and waffles . other favorites were the ribs , rib roast , and side of mac and cheese . dessert go with the cobbler . sweet potatoes are really sweet , like candy almost , and the greens were just ok . if you hit the bar for a martini be sure to ask for the blue cheese stuffed olives . they stuff them themselves . the bartenders are great and sometimes show off a trick or two . i would recommend for special occasions like visiting the city or hosting an out of towner . would be good for date nights . casual but classy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first , some of the staff at the front door need some restaurant etiquette class . second , a soul food restaurant should not have calamari on the menu if they ca n't actually make it right . my order looked like chicken nuggets and was fried so hard that they literally fell apart into crumbs when you picked them up . they should stick to mac & cheese ( maybe not since that was worst than kraft boxed mac & cheese ) . they should think about sending their cooks to soul food cooking class at some point if they plan on being successful .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nana 's swank ambiance and delicious cuisine make this restaurant a new hot spot on the charlotte scene . i will definitely be returning and encourage you to try it , if you have not .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am taking away a couple stars for overpriced appetizer chicken wings ( $ 9 ) and jack and coke ( $ 18 ) and ambiance wreckers . went out for their saturday jazz event and was disappointed with the rowdiness of the crowd and appalling price points . this is the fourth time here for me and it 's just not getting any better for me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is what soulfood is all about . great food selections here . had the jerk wings , green beans and macaroni . i wish they had real plates , silverware , and waitor service , that would really push them over the top .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "opening soon ! ! ! great location !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "please do not use this company . i found their owners very rude and their customer service skills lacking . i overlooked this hoping the catering would make up for it , but sadly it did not . poor quality . i had good hopes going because of the 5 star review . overall , very let down .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for large events , driftwood handled it well . knowledgeable and courtious staff and the food was great ! we started with a delicious gazpacho instead of a salad , had the fish and short ribs . delicious ! i 'd also like to point out that their cocktail hour cheese plating buffet was spectacular . huge blocks of cheese , crackers , all very well displayed . plus , my favorite thing about it was that they left the cheese out all night and kept an eye on it , refilling as necessary . i ca n't tell you how great it was to be munching on cheese all night !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quite possibly the most unprofessional and careless caterer i have ever encountered . and i 've dealt with a lot . i do n't believe they can truly call themselves a catering company considering client services is an important quality this company does not possess . we explored them for our rehearsal dinner and needed to constantly follow up with them , as opposed to other way around . they were far from accommodating at our trial - to the point that the owner had to get involved and he did n't even show up like promised . the food was also unimpressive and the presentation was hugely lacking . we never heard from them after our trial until one week prior to our rehearsal dinner . they were asking about final details . even though we had n't heard from them in 5 months . if you want a classy , professional & quality catered meal , do not hire them . i felt compelled to share this considering no one should deal with this treatment when being a paying client .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "submitted an inquiry about catering our wedding . never received a response back . i guess their business is so good they do n't need my money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the waiters are so not nice , polite and understanding ! we meant to order a bunch of sashimi , but had accidentally checked them off in the sushi column . the ordered arrived at our table , we apologized for the misunderstanding , they took the plate back and gave us the intended sashimi ! most other ayce places would 've given us a dirty look and would make us eat the order . as always , the deep dried items were crispy , hot and well-seasoned ( personal favourite is the deep fried coconut shrimp ) . the sashimi , sushi , rolls were delicious and accompanied with only a tiny bit of rice . my advice : call ahead and make a reservation , even on a weeknight .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love sushi ! ! and this was definitely not the right place to go . i went here once and ordered fried calamari as an appetizer and sushi ... . the calamari had strings in it , was extremely slimy and chewy . sushi was n't that great either , i have had fast food sushi from the mall which tasted better . basically we just paid and walked out without eating our meals . awful first experience and did n't end up going back till this day..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i went here again a few weeks back and realized i was n't fair . all the rolls are delicious , sashimi is extremely fresh and the butterfly shrimp are really good . all 4.5 5 . but what i really love ? the beef tataki - 6 5 ! ! ! seriously ! ! i could eat this all friggin day ! ! yes , it 's raw , but oh sooooo good . so i got ta upgrade despite the loud small environment . food makes up for it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in my mind , still dominates as the best ayce sushi in mississauga . always packed , so i hear really bad things about their service and 'kicking you out ' after the 2-hour time limit . still , the only ayce place that you can just order the soft shell crab . say what ? paradise . also love that they have a great variety in rolls and sushi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has an awesome menu and does not slow down you orders as some of the other places will bring stuff slower after your first order . the place is located in the courtney park plaza near cineplex and demetres . what can i say we ordered every kind of sashimi and dragons available and food was coming to our table as if it was a fast food joint : ) i loved the fast service . the fish smelled and tasted fresh . the staff was great , friendly and fast ! make sure you do reservation as the place aint that big and does get quite packed", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definite recommend . but i never would have known of the bad service people speak of in their reviews because the waitress handling our table was attentive and polite as well . food was excellent that night ( everything neatly prepared and tasted fresh ) , very nice modern dining environement , great location for before after movie dining .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came on a sunday evening with my boyfriend and ordered from the a la carte menu . we ordered a maki set and the chirashi dinner . we were disappointed by the quantity of sashimi in the chirashi and how small the maki rolls were . the quality of the fish were decent . the biggest issue we had was the slow service . it took over 30 mins from the time we asked for the bill to the time we actually paid . the experience may differ for ayce , but the slow service will keep us from coming back to try .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "as i am a bit of a sushi snob , i give this place an average grading . the restaurant is quite an intimate space . their menu is extensive with cold and hot items to order . my date and i ordered a little bit of everything on the menu . the food was presented well . service was quick , food was brought out to the table as they were ready . the only downside is that we only did two rounds of ordering until they took away our menu . we were a little bit confused as to why but we were also full . : ) for dessert , order the green tea . my date got vanilla and it was really mushy . recommend this place if you are in the courtney park area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food here is delicious . amazing sushi . the place is small and packed . the line was out the door , it was a saturday at 6:30 pm , so i should have expected it . we waited 50 minutes to be seated but we had nothing else to do , so i did n't really mind and there were so many people there , i figured it would be worth the wait . the servers were really friendly and i loved every single kind of sushi we ordered . it was like every new one that came out was my new favourite . i like it much better than wasabi , even though the place is very small . we looked over the menu while waiting and ordered as soon as we sat down . we ordered way too much and had to ask the server to cancel the rest of our order . i had a very enjoyable dinner and left stuffed silly . i will definitely visit prince sushi when i am back in the area . i liked it very much . $ 20 for ayce dinner saturday .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i had to review a sushi place last year , the company would go out of business ( actually since i 'm not elite , no one would listen to me ) . what i mean to say is i hated sushi . then i came to this place . wow . probably the freshest tasting sushi and i 've been to a few places now . the service is great and very friendly . sometimes if you order too much , they forget some of the stuff , but its all-you-can-eat so just order it again . and again . and again . stuff some in your knapsack , then order again . i 'm kidding , do n't do that . definitely worth a check out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here a few times as ayce places go this is one of the better i 've tried but their menu has changed so you don not to have options of all the classics anymore . green dragon roll and spider rolls were trustworthy and their hand roll spicy tuna was pretty good . like that they offer dessert even though not listed on the menu .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the good : prompt , courteous and friendly service . the bad : the rolls were bulked up with double layer of rice - designed to fill you up quickly cheaply ( oldest trick in the book for an ayce place ) the ugly : the sashimi was watery , bland , borderline tasteless and did not smell fresh . will not be going back . in mississauga stick to heart sushi and sushi sushi for ayce .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here from a long day of shopping due to its yelp ratings . very small place for ayce sushi , slow service and we even found hair in our rare beef teriyaki ! some of the food we ordered never came . the table beside us had the same issue . price is $ 24.99 pp for the weekend which i think with the variety food they had should only be $ 16.99 . the only that was good was that they had spider rolls which is one of my favorite that most ayce do n't have .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "3.5 stars ! this was a great sushi place to try in mississauga . my friend and i came here for dinner on a monday evening . i believe it is under the same ownership as spoon & fork , which i also love . prince has a simple ayce menu and includes strictly japanese dishes . highlights : udon noodle soup ( noodles were tasty and chewy ) , fresh fish , great spicy maki and handrolls , and delicious green tea and mango ice cream ! disappointments : edamame , peanut satay sauce and udon soup were a little on the saltier side than what i 'm used to at japanese restaurants . service was great . they were very attentive , asked how we were doing , and constantly refilled our tea . atmosphere was somewhat modern , quiet and intimate . it 's not a large space , so i can see it getting really busy on weekends . prices were typical of any ayce place : mon-thurs dinner : $ 20.99 , and i believe weekend price was a couple bucks more . i would definitely return to this restaurant again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "prince sushi is an average japanese restaurant . the sushi sashimi tasted fresh and the soft shell crab is one of the best side dishes . the d\u00e9cor is nice and contemporary . however , the service is poor and was not friendly . many of our dishes ordered did not arrive . overall , this restaurant has improved during my last visits but needs to have better service . i would not recommend this restaurant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "here is a review of my trip to this restaurant . my girlfriend co worker came and said it was good , let see . the first official dish that came was the rare beef . warning about rare food , it must be kept below 4c . the beef came on the table almost at room temp . i am not eating that and i told the waiter why but i did not get an apology . not a good start ... ... so the unagi roll came , not bad . the sashimi came , the rare material is fresh but the cutting is bad , the white tuna is not cut equally . getting the grill steaks is actually good . this dish along with spider roll with a nice size soft shell crab saved this review from a bashing review . overall , this is a nice japanese restaurant but i would be careful of what you eat here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is good here . love the soft shell crab app here . the reason for the 3 star rather than 4 is because the service here is horrible . for an ayce they time you to the second . often prior to your time up ... they bring you the bill and rush you out even if you still have over 30mins to go . i will not be coming back for this reason alone . there are so many other places to feel comfortable and you feel good to give your money to .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i find this place to be the snob of the ayce japanese places . its only available in the evening , prices are n't that great because it is evening ( 20+ ) , not a lot of room , staff is so so , and its hard to get a spot . it makes me feel like it becomes a privilege to get a table here . the food is n't bad but it 's not the best considering all the hassle i have to go through . also , the ice cream seems complementary . it 's not like you can order all the ice cream you can eat . on the good side , this place has the best beef teriyaki hands down out of all ayces i 've tried . sadly , it 's not enough to make me a regular customer considering the vast array of options in the gta .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "delicious ! probably one if the best all you can easy sushi restaurants in mississauga . server was great even to accommodate our big group of 9 . sashimi was fresh and rolls were nice and big . our table kept ordering beef tataki , which is a thinly sliced rare beef , a must try . service was good , and food was excellent and served quickly . will come again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "completely agree the staff is huffy and seemingly unhappy with their lives and life choices . lol , that 's their problem . decor and ambiance was decent , tables a little too cramped - i was literally bumping elbows with the awkward first date at the next table . surprisingly busy for a monday evening , but that 's a good sign no ? anyways , the food was much better than i had expected . usually for edible ayce sushi one must venture to the east end , but i would say this tops the declining aji sai ( bayview ) and sushi on 7 for my ayce sushi needs . sashimi was fresh and cut in generous pieces , rolls that advertised spicy actually were . the important part was quality of fish , and they had it . overall a meal that exceeded my expectations . never would 've thought sauga could provide decent ayce .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst ! i repeat worst experience ever ! the customer service was ridiculous ! such a joke ! we ordered off the all you can eat menu and did n't get the majority of the food we ordered ! ! we had to ask the server what was going on and she said the chef lost our order list ! ! ! she then comes back with the list and apologizes ... this was about 1.5 hours after we had placed the initial order . after such a wait we had no appetite ... especially since the sushi itself was very low quality ! ! i 've been to prince prior to this experience and did n't mind it . be aware it has gone way downhill . save your time and money and go to heart sushi.. much better food and customer service . by the way ... after such a horrible experience ... the manager which was not there and had to be called via phone only offered 10 % off the bill .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty good quality sushi for ayce . lots of variety and food is pushed out of the kitchen bar pretty quickly . however , i do n't think that any of the staff would win any customer service trophies anytime soon . they are on the most part unfriendly , abrupt and will ask you directly if you plan on tipping them if they do n't immediately see any extra cash on the table . service aside though , i 'm a fan of their food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i go here for the amazing soft shell crab , gyoza , teriyaki & sashimi meats and the mustard sauce . i 've been here about a hundred times over the part four years . it 's my go to restaurant for ayce sushi ! tip : make a reservation before you go here . you may experience poor service on some days , but try to get it sorted out with them if you can . it 's a fast paced environment , just try to prepare as much as you can , review their menu online and try to have an idea of what you want before you go . it will help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here for lunch with a friend yesterday and i loved it . i have always had a good meal here . as soon as i got in , the waiter greeted and seated me . while i was waiting for my friend , the waiter asked to get me a drink right away . their lunch special was a combo for $ 9.95 of assorted fish sushi and california maki . it was tasty and also came with miso soup and salad ! towards the end of my visit the service declined slightly because the lunch rush was starting to pick up . they did constantly refill my tea though . ca n't wait to come back here again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pleasantly surprised with the prince . although prince sushi does n't look like much from the outside , the ( tiny ) interior is very nice if a little cramped . i especially enjoyed the knockoff nagel prints . our group did not do ayce for lunch ( not sure if it 's available during the week ? ) . i had a few basic rolls and found them to be fresh , well made and tasty . there are lots of combos available that include soup and salad and prices seemed reasonable . service was lightning fast and attentive - prince knows how to move people through which is a good thing at lunch . they 'll also take a reservation for lunch , another nice touch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "treated like a king , food quality did not disappoint . i just wish they had better rolls , too much rice . other than that though the quality was definitely there , could tell they do n't cheap out in ingredients . udon beef was so good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love their teriyaki and gyoza , large variety of sushi . friendly service but can be a little slow as they are always busy . restaurant is a bit small and dark .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my fav go to ayce sushi places anywhere in town . great service , modern decor , fantastic sushi , what 's not to love ? ! but seriously make a reservation ! this places gets packed in minutes ! worth the wait ? hell yes ! fantastic cuts of sashimi and nigiri . sushi rolls its self quite nice ( albeit same everywhere just better tasting ! ) great handrolls served well . as some other reviewers have mentioned the grilled stuff options are less , but well.. but i 'm here for the sushi and sashimi , the grilled beef and chicken was quite nice though : ) oh an have the miso soup ! the desert options i 'll mention , ice creams are the same flav as everywhere else ( mango and green tea ) , there was a cheesecake ? i think but was just cream . all in all great place to go to !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "imho , one of the best ayce sushi establishment in the gta ! the fish has always been really fresh ( never had frozen sushi , like i 've had at yangs and other places ) , a good ( average ) selection of rolls , sashimi and grilled food but best of all , they serve soft shell crab by the plate ! that 's right people , by the plate , no limits , all you can eat deep fried softshell crab goodness : ) prices have come down since wasabi opened up next door , so it 's now your average ayce price of about $ 22 on weekend nights . they 're usually pretty busy , so i recommend reservations .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "foods awesome , service is awful . the staff seem rushed in doing everything and anything . sitting you down , and seeing you out . ( i think this is due to the high volume of office people that come in for 30min or 20min lunches . they need to eat and leave asap . so , it does the job ) if you want a quick lunch , its great . even better with a friend you can blab on forever with and not notice the huffy puffy attitude of staff .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my husband works close by and brought me home a california roll , a salmon roll and a spicy salmon handroll ( his pic does n't do it justice ) . i was n't at all surprised that it was so tasty and such high-quality as it 's part of the delicious spoon & fork chain . the fish was so fresh , the rice was prepared just right and the handroll was overstuffed with salmon . he said a lot of his colleagues go there for lunch and just love it . apparently the service was friendly and the prices were decent . we definitely plan to go there for a sit-down dinner and continue to order from their take-out menu - try it as you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here for dinner with my boyfriend and a few of his friends and i have to say i was very happy with the food and the service . the staff was friendly and was n't overbearing . i would say they had a good handle of our table and seem to come to clear dishes and provided more tea at a good pace . this was an all you can eat sushi place and the menu i would say was a good size . the sashmi was very good , very fresh . all the other items we ordered were good too . i would come back next time i was in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food : great variety and very tasty . love all their little side dishes ( soft shell crab , beef tataki , butter mushroom ... yum ! ! ! ) service : not the worst but , definitely could improve a bit . few time we 've walked in and had to wait few quite a bit before they even say hi to you when the restaurant was n't even busy . one time we asked to sit on the booth and they said no and would rather save it for a bigger party which was fine and understandable , until another couple walk in after us and got it right away ... prince sushi is one of my favourite sushi place in the gta , food is always good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service , great food ! went here once and had a great experience . place is a little small , so be prepared to wait for a seat . but once seated , service is quick ! its an ayce and price is about $ 30 tax in . would definitely go here again : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my second favorite sushi place , right after 168 the food is fresh and amazing , the staff is nice and attentive my only problem with this place is that its way to small they should get a bigger location ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prince sushi is my go-to ayce sushi restaurant in mississauga . the food here is very tasty and also nicely plated unlike many other ayce sushi places . although very fresh , their sashimi options are n't as impressive as other places , but still have good choices . my favourite items are the spider roll , green dragon roll and the beef teriyaki . the beef teriyaki is unlike any other ayce , which usually serve you an overcooked piece of cheap meat . but not at prince sushi ! i get mine medium rare and it 's mouthwatering ! the restaurant is quite small and usually packed , so i would recommend making reservations . definitely worth a visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good ayce sushi . this place has always seemed more about quality then quantity . small and cozy with very limited seating which equals better service and food . i do n't need a ipad to order thank you very much , i 'll take human interaction . the sushi is on par with most non ayce places which is a good thing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was here for lunch the other day - what a find . i 'm loving that they have a spicy salmon sushi pizza and spicy salmon or spicy tuna roll combo - when all is said and done . i left full . the quality of the food was great . this was a great place to have lunch ( it was a weekday , so it was n't too loud or crazy ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the beef tataki and beef teriyaki in this place , also their sushi is very fresh and tasty and i felt the service was fast and spot on . only complaint i have is they have very little fish ( sashimi ) to chose from , and they stuff their rolls with tons of rice which is understandable for being ayce . make a reservation for group larger than 4 , otherwise you will wait .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my favourite sushi place in mississauga and i try to not let too much time pass between my visits . can be a little tricky to find a table during the holidays due to it 's small-ish size but no problems otherwise . their rolls sushi sashimi are are consistently exceptional . favourite items on the menu must be the beef onion rolls , shrimp skewers , and green tea ice cream . i usually go for the all you can eat with my friends , and occasionally we find that they serve us less amounts than we ask for . not a problem as we can always order more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sushi was delicious ! the only thing i 'd comment on is that the food came out very slowly . we ordered a lot ( as there were a lot of us ) but they also stuck us in a dark corner of the restaurant , maybe they forgot about us because we were hidden ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "our go to place for sushi . fast fresh good flavours . ayce and menu ordering , i like that . great for takeout , they are always quick filling the order . we love the salad dressing and the flavour on the spicy selections . it can get busy so do n't show up at the dinner hour and expect to sit immediately .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a fan , ayce comes to 28 dollars . good food mediocre service . me and my gf come here pretty often for sushi fix . i like the chicken fried rice , green dragon roll , spicy tuna roll , shrimp tempura and avacado salad ! they recently changed up the menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is ok , but just that , ok ... nothing great about it , the food is not great but it is not bad either . the restaurant is kind of nice , if you plan on sitting there and eating , but if you are there for a take out like me looking for a decent lunch , there are better choices out there . the price is reasonable , you do get a decent amount of food the money you spend .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "foodies beware ! do n't waste your time ! bad customer service , poor quality of food and embarrassing lack of management . should be called sloppy sushi because it 's horrible . read other reviews who all state the same . my friends and i ordered `` all you can eat '' and only got half the servings hours later ... waiter judged us because we ordered an extra salad , had to keep asking where our food was because other tables were getting priority over ours . here 's a tip for the owner : invest in management . take notes : http : restaurants.about.com od resources a 10-things-to-know-about-managing-a-restaurant.htm", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after the whole day of playing badminton , a friend recommended this place as a go to spot for ayce . for the price of $ 25 , it was worth it ! the sashimi were fresh tasting , and there was lots of selections . we tried their yakitori shrimp ( great size ) and the shrimp was actually firm and not soggy like most places . their bacon wrapped asparagus was yummy too . their beef striploin or filet mignon like was cooked at medium . the spider roll was actually good quality and had meat in it compared to some that has just some legs . the preparation time to bring out the food was quite reasonable . although they did forget some stuff here and there , but recovered quite fast . the place is quite busy as well , but they 're attentive on the water refills and the order process . this place deserves another go next time i 'm in the area of mississauga and crave for ayce again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "man , my go-to ayce sushi restaurant . their service is impeccable ( friendly , patient and outgoing staff ) , and delicious sushi and grilled shrimp ( you must get this ! it 's on the hot food menu ! ) it 's great for small dinner parties ! highly recommend you order as much green dragon rolls and grilled shrimp ! -andrew tran", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in here for a quick lunch and was very pleasantly surprised by the quality of the end product . not only was my maki set ( a ) prepared quick , but the food definitely tasted fresh . prices are not dirt cheap but certainly good for the end product . the interior deco is only meh but it 's clean and got an open feel to it . staff was friendly , although i did n't really interact with them too much since i was busy on my headphones and the place was pretty empty when i was there . overall a much more solid experience than i expected ( the other 2 times i 've tried sushi out of toronto did n't turn out that great ) and definitely recommend it as part of a pre or post movie meal !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the better sushi restaurants in mississauga . definitely come for the all you can eat dinners . i think they are $ 30 at most . no refills on drinks though !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've been to this restaurant over 3 dozen times in the past 3 years . the last experience concerns me as this is my favourite ayce sushi house . we filled out the order form asking for 4 orders of salmon sashimi ( 3 pieces per order ) , 3 tuna sashimi ( 3 pieces per order ) , 4 orders of tataki beef and several other items . we received 2 orders of salmon sashimi , no tuna sashimi , 2 orders of beef tataki and the rest of what we order . the slices were much thinner than what we have always had at this restaurant , i can say about half the thickness . the quality was still very good . same thing happened on our second order as well , skimping on quantity and quality . when i brought this issue to our waitress , it was a `` what do you want me to do about it '' look place is always busy . i hope this was just a one off , will give them one more try", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first chose this place because it was walking distance from the hotel , but found myself going every couple of weeks when i was in town . great price , and `` all you can eat '' , selections from the menu , order different small dishes . food was great , small dishes so you could try lots of different things without totally stuffing yourself ! great to go on your own or with a group . staff is friendly and attentive . will miss this place when i no longer go back to canada !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always fresh . the best ayce in mississauga comparing to the other places . food quality is definitely the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for a sushi place .. i was n't really impressed ... maybe i 'm spoiled by all the other sushi places i eat att .. here here is my run down , food is alright , menu is okay , and the prices are alright too , but having said that i found the sushi to be just regular .. staff really sucks , and have nothing to add in terms of opinions or anything ..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the best ayce sushi buffet in mississauga ! sashimi fresh . yummy ! services have improved !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to prince sushi over 3 times and i love it every time . the food is fresh . they serve all-you-can-eat dinners for $ 25 per person . everything tastes so good . the restaurant is small so servers move around quickly . the food gets to your table fast . did i mentioned the food is fresh ? it 's a hidden gem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a staple restaurant for me as the sushi is always extremely fresh and tasty . staff is also very friendly and courteous . highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sushi was good but i 'm disappointed they do n't have the rose sushi . the sushi was average but they did not have a large selection . sushi was average but not outstanding and memorable . service was okay , and food was coming out at a good pace . would not recommend to a friend .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i used to love to go ... yes ! used to ! did they change the owner or change all the staffs ? i went on april 14th , i was extremely disappointed . the service was very bad ; he messed up our order and question us if we have ever made that order ; 2 ) he was not patient , he ignored us and ask us not to wave him .he will come to take our order paper 3 ) ( the third one may not related to him ) he not allowed us to order 6 ice cream for 5 ppls , we were like what ? it is all u can eat ? i swear , we ate all the food , nothing left ! and reasonable order for 4 girls and one guy !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped by when we were in toronto . the service was not the best , but the sushi was top notch . probably some of the best rolls i 've ever had . everything tasted fresh , sushi did not have excessive amount of rice unlike most other ayces places . would definitely come back here next time we are in toronto area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the better all you can eat sushi places in mississauga . really busy so it 's best to make a reservation . we found that out the hard way .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time at an all you can eat sushi buffet . the servers might have changed because they were n't that bad . maybe i 'm used to crap service ? lol . anyhow the food was better than i thought an ayce sushi buffet would be - i was expecting grocery store sushi quality but it was much better than that . there is a time limit of 1.5 hours and they let you know when it 's `` last call '' so you do n't get left hungry . also , no spoilage fees like i 've seen in some places in montreal ( which deterred me from going ) not sure if that 's common in toronto .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is just so so . but 40 mins to cooked fried rice ! ? ! i know this is a sushi sashimi restaurant but come on . there 's no reason for me to come back here . heart sushi the service is quicker and the quality is better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pleasantly surprised by this place . one of best sushi places i 've experienced , food-wise . the lukewarm customer service experience is the only reason i 'm giving it 3 stars . i do value good customer service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the best all you can eat sushi in g.t.a ! always fresh and always properly made , unlike other all you can eat restaurants . they even have soft shell crab on the menu !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my favourite sushi restaurant in the gta . this is where i tried sushi for the first time and i 've loved it ever since . i do n't get out to this restaurant as often as i would like but if i 'm in the area , it 's on the list of places to go for sure . i especially like the philadelphia roll , the spicy california roll , the dynamite roll and the sushi pizza . their beef tataki is amazing . i also really enjoy their green tea ice cream to finish off my meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of our favorites . service has improved with stephanie running the show these days . big fan of the beef teriyaki and the seaweed salad , but it 's really tough to go wrong with any selection on the menu . big lineups on the weekends tell you that this place knows what it 's doing and the general public agrees .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sushi was fresh ; it came with a bowl of miso soup and salad . i 'd say their sushi was better or similar to typical sushi you can get at a shopping mall sushi chain . i found it unusual that they charge you for your bag if you order a take-out because most restaurants do n't charge you for the plastic bag used for the take-out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the best all-you-can-eat in mississauga ! i return here every time when i want to eat all i want . it 's fresh and service is great . the down side is this place is too small and always packed . reserved a table if you have a large party .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the quality of the sushi and other items are really good compared to other all you can eat sushi restaurants however the service is n't the most consistent . in the 4 times i 've been i have only been asked if i wanted a refill once , all the other times i had to waive someone down . other than that i do continue to come here since the food is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great all you can eat find ! pretty extensive menu for dinner with lots of non sushi items . gets really busy since it is a smaller restaurant so make sure to make reservations . great service and big portion sizes for the salmon sashimi . the rice is definitely different from other sushi places i 've been but still pretty good . rolls do come apart pretty easily . would come back to this place if i 'm in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "used to come here all the time when i had more friends living in mississauga but they all moved down to toronto so we do n't go much anymore . good ayce sushi variety and great `` cooked food '' selection . all the meat skewers teriyaki comes with a delicious sauce and we always get the soft shell crab , not many sushi places have that . always call beforehand to make reservations because it tends to get busy close to dinner hours .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "all you can eat , great food , great atmosphere and great service . i highly recommend this to any sushi goer in mississauga . excellent options with a wide variety of options , a decent drink menu and knowledgable staff . the restaurant can get quite busy and is on the smaller scale so i recommend booking ahead of time . overall the price is fair for what you get . this restaurant makes for an excellent dinner out with the family or a great date night . added benefit is there is plenty to do around the area such as the movies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in had the opportunity to eat here last december 2014 with some out of town co workers . i am not a sushi lover so , you ask , why would i go here ? ? well i was assured that although sushi was the speciality there were lots of other options . and i was right . the menu was full of many different dishes and at $ 21 per person all you can eat i left full and satisfied . serve was quick , friendly and efficient . everything was freshly made and tasted awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you remember that ugly sweater ( yeeees . it was ugly . ) that you had when you were 9 ? it was blue wool with snow flakes ? well , preloved found it , and transforms it into fashion . first based in toronto , the store arrived in montreal , priding itself of redesigning vintage clothing , to make skirts out of sweaters , and shirts out of corduroy pants . when my friends from abroad ask about where to shop in montreal , i say : '' h & m '' . are you crazy ? i say preloved . you 'll pay 130 $ for an outstanding unique piece , that will make your friends wonder where you 've been . some examples : http : www.preloved.ca english gallery.html", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if preloved and my boyfriend fell into an ocean , i think i 'd have to save preloved . it 's unique , it fits great and its chic . i do n't have much scrilla but the key is to wait until their sales .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not sure why people love this place . it is unique but not chic , more bohemian or punk i think ... if u r into italian designers , this is not ur place", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went back to preloved today and did some more damage to my credit card . the retail manager , colin , was incredibly sweet again . i really wish i could import this shop to the bay area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have a successful business relationship with this off airport location . things to remember when renting in phoenix . it is more expensive to rent a car from the airport . this company will come and pick you up where ever you are . i received a rock chip in the windshield and took the car back immediately driving careful to not worsen the crack . they fixed it free . their cars are newer and fun to drive . i never had a complaint and there were times i got the 9.99 herman cain weekend rate special . j k. but there really is a $ 9.99 special http : www.enterprise.com car_rental intresimage.do ? imageid=68653.2 & key=995.en.us ... ... . & page=home when i need a rental in phoenix or any other city this is the place i go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my go-to rent-a-car place . great service , good enough vehicles ( never had a problem after 5+ rentals there ) . pick up drop off available .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called to schedule a rental and was told one was available . was called 30 minutes later to be told there was nothing available . when i called the next closest location they told me they could n't pick me up because there was a closer location . i got the run around from both of these locations . went back to my usual location . although farther away , they are much more dependable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great rental experience with this location ( as with most ) . they 've got the business model nailed and i 've known some people who have had kids that have worked at enterprise after college . their focus on customer service is amazing . this location in particular had good service , the employees were knowledgeable and my car was clean . obviously the great thing about enterprise is that they will pick you up ! when my car was in the shop the other day and they had an arrangement to pick me up , gave me a two day rental and gave me the body shop rate . i could n't be happier and will definitely be using them again for rental services .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i rent cars fairly regularly for business and personal use , and i love the friendliness of the sunnyslope location . everyone from the drivers to the front desk are extremely courteous and professional every time i 'm here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "piss poor business . got a good car for a good price , but the scheduled return was on the weekend and they neglected to mention that they were n't open . the solution ? drive across the city to the other location . customer service sucks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "( written by susan ) this is a one-man office and the young man could use some help . we arrived late due to a delayed flight and our car had just been recalled so we were driven 1.2 hour away to another location for another car . we were tired and this was not in the plan but at least we were upgraded without cost and guided back to cave creek . it was the best solution to a problem that could not have been anticipated . it is a lot cheaper to rent away from the airport if you have a family member or friend who can get you to from the airport to cave creek ( and we did , bless 'em ) . we would rent with them again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lindsay and greg were very helpful upon picking up the car and robert and nick were great upon the return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a wonderful car rental experience at the enterprise location at 9210 n. cave creek road . they had a person come to the car repair shop to pick me up on time . also , i am ever so grateful that when it came time for me to return this super cute and efficient with gas mileage car rental that this rental location was kept open for me for few minutes after their business hours . i needed a few extra minutes of driving time to get to their location and brian ( enterprise representative ) was super nice and stayed at the location waiting for me ( even though he had been at this enterprise location from 7am and it was a day before a major holiday ) ! wow ! thank you for your great service and kindness .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unfortunately i was in a fender bender and needed a car for a couple days . this enterprise location was conveniently located near earl schieb 's shop . i called and within 10 minutes a very polite and professional person came to pick me up . upon arrival i was greeted by ricky who is the branch manager , he was courteous and understanding of my situation . in about 15 minutes i was in a mazda 3 driving home . i would strongly recommend this location and would rent from them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm in walking distance from this location and it is always well stocked with available , clean cars ... .unless there is a major event in town . i remember when it was north of fry 's on cave creek . love it charles g", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i scheduled a pick up and i could not get anyone to pick up the phone to schedule a pick up . i had to contact the 800 number and register a complaint . i would not encourage anyone to use this location . it is obvious that is not managed correctly . what agency would not answer their phone ? ? ? ? i registered a complaint through their corporate location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great experience with the sunyslope location in phoenix , az . i had reserved two minivans for a spring break trip . enterprise had assumed it was an error ( duplicate entry ) and they only had one for me . but the staff went to work , had a crew cab truck waiting for us , and gave us a discount for the inconvenience . to be honest , the truck worked out even better . love how they jumped to action and made sure we were well taken care of . best customer service i have seen in a long time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dan and laura have no issue with sticking around for a bit after closing to make sure i can get the package waiting for me when i am late getting out of work . sending packages parcels is a snap as well - just leave it with them and pay , and they do the rest for you . i am always greeted by name and i always have a smile when leaving .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the convenience of postal connections . it 's right in downtown verona and they are able to take care of all of your postal needs ! however , i recently went in to have a couple color copies made . there was no sign for the cost or color copies but the black and white copies were very cheap so i thought color was maybe double-triple the cost . i went a head and made 10 color copies with the clerk 's assistance and then was rung up for around $ 6.00 . it 's partially my fault because i should have asked . i will continue to use this place for sending packages but not color copies . i feel like they should have had a sign or the clerk should have made sure i was aware since there was no sign and the machine was brand new .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always very helpful and professional ! much better experience than going to post office or fedex offices . i trust these people more too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great family owned business . i like that the owners know me by name and go out of their way to accommodate my needs . i also like that when i do business with them i 'm supporting my local economy . plus , they offer the same services that the big box office stores do and surprisingly at lower prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these folks are always super helpful . we had an incident with fed ex not delivering a package on time and within two weeks we had a full refund .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been getting my nails done since i was a junior in high school and if you dont know me , you 're going to have to take my word for it thats its been more than a few years since then . so i know what i 'm talking about when i rate this nail joint 5 stars . i live about 20-25 minutes away from their elliot kyrene loation but its worth the gas out there . i always know exactly what i 'm getting . theres hardly ever a wait and the staff is super friendly . they are of taiwanese decent i believe but they dont sit there talking trash about you the entire time , which is hard to come by i feel like . their pedicure stations are complete with spa style massage chairs , their waxing room is impecably clean , and their pink and whites get me compliments weeks after i get them done . prices are comparable if not on the low side of the scale . ask for ken or jenny and tell them emily sent ya . you 'll be taken good care of .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bff and i went here yesterday afternoon . very close to my work , and i 'll go here for sure on my lunch break right after work . loved : very long leg massage . hot rock massage . hot towels to wipe off the oil lotion . did n't love : water was tepid at best . not enough pressure on the massage . my legs were very oily after , and i need to rub it in more to be able to pull my pant legs down . still , for $ 20 , probably the best i 've had since i 've been in az . i 'll see how long my pedi lasts . will be back for sure ! ! oh , they have a sign up to please tip in cash . thanks goodness my bff had cash , since i never carry it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love coming here . prices are standard but service is excellent . they pay attention to details and care about customer happiness which serves well for retention . tiffany is definitely the best when it comes to shellac manicures and acrylic nails . staff is super friendly , and they will wait for you if you call before closing time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "under new ownership . the old place was scary . the new owners are cheery and nice . great prices ( $ 20.00 for mani etc ) they have about 65 of the 85 new shellac manicure colors . great new massage chairs . ask for michelle or tiffany . the great thing is that the music is n't horrible ( still going to be adult contemporary stuff but at least no bolton ) and the products are good . they do n't sit around and talk about you ( always my annoyance at the nail salons ) and the massages are great . they also do brow waxes but i have n't tried that yet . parking is weird , there is plenty of it but virtually none in front . they are speedy and efficient which is always nice . especially if you are in a rush . the great thing too is that they have a tendency to stay late past their normal closing hours so if it 's a true nail emergency you know you have a chance at getting in even if you 're ten minutes after closing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my pedicure was nice , the ladies were good company , and there was no wait . the problem , though , was my gel manicure . once it was done , there was so much extra buildup on my cuticles that was not then filed down . the buildup peeled away from my skin and the gels chipped off from the bottom within a week .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great service ! ! i love coming here for my mani pedi . the nail techs are always so nice and friendly . they have a great color selection for regular and gel nails . my pedicures always come out fantastic and if you spring for the design , it 's well worth it ! i never tell them what to do for the design and my toes always come out great ! i always get compliments on my toes . if you want to pamper yourself without having to pay an arm and a leg doing so , head on down to liberty nails !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't get eyelash extensions here ! ! ! ! ! ! they did a terrible job . they did n't even last a week . she left clumps of glue.. my eyes really hurt from the glue pulling on my eye . my real eyelashes are ruined thanks to the poor application job . trust me if you want eyelash extensions go to someone who is well trained . this lady just wanted my money . it literally took her like 20 mins to put them on .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tiffany is so sweet and adorable- i had an awful experience at a mall nail salon last saturday - she was so happy to fix the hack job that i walked in with- i really did n't even have to elaborate what i wanted - she asked a few questions about shape and tip- and before i knew it - i felt gorgeous again . michelle give a great pedicure- her massage was long and relaxing- she did a hot stone massage while tiffany removed my ugly nails- these girls were so sweet taking me in at last minute - and even stayed late to make sure i was happy- they really made me feel comfortable and i left feeling like my business was actually appreciated . there is a previous review linking them to `` xo nails '' these are not the same nail salon- xxx", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is more good than bad . it 's relatively close to where i live and they always have me in a chair within 10 minutes of arriving , so i ca n't complain about the wait . prices are in line with other salons offering the same services . this is by no means a high end salon , but it definitely gets the job done . a couple stars off because they tend to shape nails how they deem best rather than as asked and although i tend to like how my eyebrows are styled here , the wax is usually too hot . i may continue to come here though . decent results for the price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's hard when you move to a new city and have to find a new nail shop ! this place was fine . it was nothing extraordinary . i did n't really feel like i got an adequate foot massage and the paint job is a little messy . but all in all , i 've had worse . this might be a good back up , but i think i may continue looking around for my permanent place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was like going through a torture to my nails and cuticles . i got a french manicure a week back and they cut my cuticles on 3 different fingers . it hurt so bad and now it looks ugly at the end of my nails . i also still have dead skin peeling off from behind my cuticles . : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great customer service ! however the job was n't the greatest.. nail polish was on my actual skin and she did n't file them correctly either . looked like a child couldve done my nails .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have gone here three times so far . the first i had a pedicure . they were very thorough and professional , and the cost is about average . the second time i went back to get acrylic nails put on . i went to ken and it seemed like he did a good job ... the third time i went back ( just two weeks ago ) for a fill on my acrylics . once again , they looked great , he was professional , i was happy . but i now have a scary green fungus growing under 6 10 of my nails . i am freaked out and going to another salon to get them taken off and cleaned up . for that reason , i wo n't ever go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very good place to get your nails done . i came in with horribly done nail from another salon at liberty nail they where happy to fix them for me , they came out grate i was so happy that i came in two days later and had my toes done as will . i highly recommend this nail salon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love these ladies . the $ 20 pedicure is the best deal and the toenail polish lasts forever .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mother-in-law was in town , so we decided to go get mani pedis . i found this place and thought the reviews were pretty decent and decided to give them a try . first , they were very friendly and gave us both great pedicures . we both got the deluxe ( mid-range ) one and they did a great job . but that 's where the fun ended . i got a regular manicure , which went fine until i got outside and realized how horrible the paint job was ! she gave me 2 coats , but the second only covered about 60 % of my nail and you can clearly see the layers . she also shredded my cuticles ( it was n't painful , just did n't clean them up after trimming them ) . i had to fix them myself when i went home . save yourself the money and paint your nails at home . but , if you 're looking for a good pedicure , i would definitely recommend them !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm new to az and have been to 10 different nail salon and i absolutely love this place ! staff are so nice and the place is always clean . i get a gel manicure which is always amazing and the pedi with the hot stone is probably the best thing i 've ever experienced . i drive 40 minutes to come here and definitely recommend this place ! i love it thanks so much for always taking care of me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm about to stop going here . i used to get the guy doing my pedicures and he did a great job removing my calluses . the last couple times , i 've had a lady that is more concerned with giving a good massage than removing my callus . i even pointed it out to her and it still is there just as it was before i went in for my visit friday . the main reason i go is to get the callus removed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had looked online for a nail salon in this area since i was visiting for the day . happy to say i picked the right place and even got a good price on a mani & pedi . michelle was my nail tech and i enjoyed both services . if i 'm in this area of town and needing nail services i def . will return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went last saturday for a fresh set of acrylics . not only did the man cut me he cut the acrylics with safety scissors . my nails are uneven , the nail polish chipped off the next day . now i know why it was so cheap and empty . they use to be the best , now they do n't have pride in their work .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "avoid at all costs . i think their name is now xo nails . they were unprofessional , dirty and in then end i am not happy . should of left before they started .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the ladies are very nice , but they did not do a good job on my gel manicure . the woman who was doing my nails was in a hurry , and rushed through , not worth $ 25 . on the other hand , the pedicures look nice !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went without an appointment at 6pm and they close at 7pm . it was a great experience and my nails look great . very satisfied ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for a full a week after a pedi . this time the nail lady w short hair was rude and did my fill super fast like she had something to do ! she did a super shitty job i did n't leave a tip ! ! ! ! do n't go here", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst place ever ! ! manager has a horrible attitude and the michelle girl is rude as well and thinks she can do whatever she wants on anyone 's nails she did n't even do my nails like i asked she did it her own way ! and it was a horrible paint job , when i told her about herself she got mad and continued to text on her phone , she is always on the phone ! never paying attention to the customers or her job ! ! also my daughter simply asked if she can get a double coat on her nails and the guy got rude and told my daughter to get her nails done somewhere else ! ! then he said that its not up to her what he does with her nails because he 's the professional and he can do whatever he wants with her nails ! ? he made my daughter cry ! i will never come back here ever again worst experience ever also there 's a reason why its always empty ! i would give them no stars if i could !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible service ! i do n't recommend this place to anyone ! they ca n't even file nails right , my nails were all crooked and uneven , so they sent another lady over to try and get it right . while she was filing my nails they were talking about me in chinese or vietnamese ... i believe chinese ... who knows ! i asked them to stop and i let them know it was rude ! the whole experience was a nightmare ! i walked out with nail polish on top of my cuticles ! i doubt they even went to school to do nails ! other customers were laughing at me ! these people are beyond rude ! never go there ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "me and my friend got a take out here . we got the orange beef and the dumplings , it used to be okay , but this was horrible , and i mean it was just the grosses thing ever . we both have stomachaches now . will not go back here ever again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have dined here 3-4 times now , the decor is so nice but each time my experience has been average to awful . the first time or two i went , i was hoping it was just a `` bad day '' for them . but its official now , they really do n't want me there . the waitstaff seems to feel customers are an inconvenience . honestly , you can get average-tasting chinese food anywhere , why go somewhere that oozes disdain at your mere presence ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so we have always enjoyed rainbow garden but with each visit it seemed to get worse . today was the lowest of lows . i think we were the first ones in there this time and the food came out cold . they were n't quick to change that . but after some persistence they brought out fresh . i think golden harbor is more worth the money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food is okay , though not exceptional . here i 'm also reviewing my experience about their delivery service . the delivery man is rude . after having arrived at the entrance of my apartment building , he kept ringing my door bell , even i have already opened the door at the entrance for him . finally , he delivered the food to me , but it seems that he did n't understand how the entrance system works in my apartment , even i tried to explain to him . at last , he just said some f words to me , which could n't be more unpleasant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "firstly , the young man answering the phone was very rude . he kept shouting at me and was very impatient . i wanted to give the restaurant a chance though so i ordered hot and sour seafood soup . it was hot but tasted old and poor quality . i had a few bites and could n't eat anymore . really disgusting . i really wanted to like this place :", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice ambience and well prepared food . big servings , too . my favorite is the fish fillet with vegetables . light and very flavorful . nice spot for lunch as well . their beef broccoli does not skimp on the meat or the veggies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this chinese restaurant has the same owners as the restaurant already located on south neil in champaign with the same name .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm with a another reviewer . this place has great chinese food . if i lived in the area i would eat here more often . in fact this place has become the chinese food i compare all others to now . everything i have ordered has been delish . i especially enjoyed their moo shoo veggie dish . yum . they have very reasonable lunch specials . their take out is quick and hot ! the last time i ate there for lunch the servers were a bit `` off '' , but i can see beyond that because the food is so good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "never again will i order from this place again ! i called to order and asked about a dish and was told to `` go online and look at it '' because they 're `` too busy '' to tell me over the phone . ( 1st red flag ) i then went online ... looked up my order & called back only to the same guy who was very rude from the get-go . fyi to the owners ... sometimes it not what you say but how you say it . so then i hang up & remember i want to pay with my debit card and called back was given attitude again about not giving it to them the first time . from then i decided i will not be giving my hard earned money to a restaurant that does n't care about how they treat their customers . i usually do n't have to leave bad reviews but i will be telling everyone i know about my experience with rainbow garden in urbana ! i will stick to lai lai 's from now on . get a nicer person to answer your phones !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my card information was copied by someone in this restaurant and used in india . later i heard several similar cases from friends and classmates . i do n't know exactly who did it , but be careful !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there comes a day in your life when you crave for chinese food , well it comes in my life once in a while . thought of trying some new restaurant , and chose rainbow garden . had passed by it many times while traveling . i ordered veg stir fried rice noodles and shrimp garlic sau to go . i was so hungry that i immediately sat down to eat after reaching home . took few bites from both the dishes and only one thing i could taste.. oil . it was like oil stir fried rice noodles and shrimp oil sau . i could n't eat more than few bites . my throat was coated with oil . never going back here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have ordered food from this place for more than 20 times . food is really good . i do n't eat in very often , but i will say service can be improved .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really great lunch menu ! i had the orange chicken and it was very good . i love their fried rice ( rice , egg , carrots , and peas ) . their crab rangoons actually contained crab ( or krab ... not sure but there was real protein in them ) . the lunch menu is really filling and reasonably priced ( $ 5.95 for orange chicken , fried rice , soup , and an egg roll ) . the decor is really pretty and the wait staff was very friendly and knowledgable . i really recommend this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered here after reading some good reviews . ordered for delivery , but delivery came after 2 hours . chinese food was pretty good , but i prefer cravings . was super greasy and was completely filled up after half my dish ( some beef stir fry with rice ) , and the crab rangoons were awful .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food great service all around nice restaurant . both locations in champaign and urbana are equal", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went with daughter to try out their korean chinese offerings . had champong and cha jang mein . both below the offerings found in chicagoland ( lawrence joints , chef ping and yu 's ) . was good attempt , but not fully there . for one the noodles appear to be packaged and we 're too chewy . champ pong was also more oily and the seafood tasted like it was packaged and way too chewy like the noodles . this rating is based purely on those two items from urbana location .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome and delicious food . okay to mid-range prices . the manager is unfortunately a very rude and not attentive person . i 've experienced this at their other location in champaign as well ,", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here for the first time yesterday and was waiting to meet someone . when i arrived i was n't greeted for a good 5 minutes in a mostly empty dining room . i had to wonder around until someone attended to me . after telling them that i 'd like a table for 2 they sit me at a big table with 5 places as opposed to a booth . after my friend arrived our order was taken promptly and our waitress was nice . the food was lukewarm and could have been seasoned better although the meat on my dish was cooked tender and came in a good portion size although there were a ton of onions i 'm contrast to the meat portion . the rice was bland and boring as well . the decor looked great and very classy and the staff was overall friendly . the price was fair for the portion size and i 'd be willing to give this place another go , but i hope for better food and someone at the door to greet me right away .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they consistently take more than hour to deliver and their food is definitely overrated . they also never give cutlery regardless of where you ordered from . the one time when i called them and complained about this , they sent cutlery but i was again disappointed as they gave only 2 forks and a spoon for 3 people . very poor experience so far . definitely not ordering from here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been to rainbow garden for lunch several times . each time i 've left full and happy . they offer a very affordable lunch menu . their portions are n't giant sized either , so i do n't have to worry about taking home a smelly box of chinese food . the staff can be a bit aloof at times , but they 're usually really busy around the lunch hour . the atmosphere has gotten better over time as they 've opened up more of the floor plan and made it more accommodating for the larger crowds that come around the lunch hour .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i stopped here the other day for the first time . over all real good , wait . service could not be better . the menu typical chinese fair . the food was very good , the stand out for me was the fried rice . everything was fresh and hot.i will be going back to get more information , and update this review", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is really good and delivery is always fast . i tried ordering online this time and you ca n't make any changes . apparently everything comes with white rice and there 's an up charge for fried rice . most expensive chinese order i 've ever had .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a good chinese restaurant in champaign . went there about five times . but i am pretty sure it 's not the most orthodox chinese restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've eaten here on several occasions but today was a bad one . i 'm not sure if i 'll be back . i know this can happen at any restaurant but i found a hair in my fried rice . she was very apologetic and did n't charge me for the meal . only the drink . it 's very difficult for me to give a restaurant a second chance after something like this . as a youth , i worked at formosa gardens as a dishwasher in lebanon indiana . i saw a lot of things go on while i was there . it took years for me to eat at a chinese restaurant again . this just brings all those memories back . as any place that serves food , you never know what goes on in preparation .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been here twice . the food is decent but the second time i went i got food poisoning ... what else is there to say .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one star for the staff , they really are great and personable ; another star for the design and aesthetics of the building . a couple of things that really detract from the experience here : 1 . pet urine . the residents here are very inconsiderate with their pets . the property even has a designated patch of grass for the dogs to take care of business , but a large percentage of of the people living here think it 's fine if their dog pees on the sidewalk , steps , and even in the elevators . 2 . paper-thin walls and ceilings . i could hear my upstairs neighbor 's digital alarm , when she was opening and closing her dresser drawers , walking , moving stuff , etc . 3 . residents parking in the visitor parking spots . anytime i invited friends over all the parking was taken by cars that were there every day . this place has a lot of potential , but too many of the people who manage to rent here are low class and inconsiderate . raise your prices level . : ) cheers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "looked at a one bedroom here a few weeks back . staff was very accomodating and the grounds were nice . the apartment was small and poorly laid out . the rent was ridiculously high for where it is ... .. all botox no substance .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i lived here for two years and i recently moved out . everything was pretty good ; the only issue is residents and transients being loud with partying and fighting on occassion . however , it 's nothing i would n't expect from an apartment complex of this size , and management always addressed those and other issues promptly . it 's clean , things are fixed quickly , the grounds are nice as are the apartments themselves . if you 're looking for nice , albeit slightly small apartments , these are a good choice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place , been here for 7 months no complains . i like that it is centrally located to shops and restaurants . a little bit pricey but i think it fits my lifestyle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been touring complexes from 44th st to central ave in the camelback corridor for almost a month now and i happened by level at sixteenth after seeing a handful of other communities in the area . after one tour with amy we 've reserved our new apartment here . she was so helpful and just a great host at the end of the day . amy was very knowledgeable and you can tell she enjoys her job . she was very straightforward with me each time i had a question about the complex , fees , etc . she had me sold after touring our , soon to be , unit , but i had to bring my girlfriend back the next day so she could make the decision as well . amy had us put a hold down on the unit , we came back the next day and that was that ! she worked with me to fit and find the perfect apartment for our budget and we are counting down the days to move in ! update : new leasing management staff can be a bit passive and rude , old staff was a+", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been at level for about 6 months and i like it . if i were to think of one thing that somewhat bothers me , is that when walking inside your unit , you have to step lightly or it 's loud . staff is great , amenities are top notch , and everyone here is friendly . it 's next to a sketchy neighborhood , but i have n't witnessed anything weird yet , it feels secure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lived here with the old management and was n't the best experience but the new management is amazing .. have had nothing but great experiences they really pay attention to all the little details that most companies do n't take the time to care about", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i lived at level for two years and have nothing , but great things to say . management and staff are super helpful and very involved in the community . the apartments themselves are beautiful anyone who has visited knows this . this place has probably the most complete gym i have ever seen in an apartment complex . i need to move out do to work , but i wish i would n't have to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have lived here for a little over 6 months now and have been very happy living here . pros : -beautiful apartments , high end finishings , new carpet and flooring . -convenient covered parking -stunning resort style pool area with grills and fire pits -friendly and professional office staff who take your concerns seriously -maintenance issues are addressed quickly -security patrols the area at night -very dog friendly with a great little `` grassy '' area -close to the biltmore area and downtown phoenix -fun social events every other month -rent is fair for the amenities and location cons : -i can hear people walking babies crying from the apartment above me -the security gate breaks occasionally -tenants do n't always pick up their dog poop even though there are bags supplied for this purpose", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one star for the staff pretending they are helpful . otherwise you can sleep without hearing other residents rumble around the apartments . all the walls are paper thin and the floors and ceilings are so thin i 'm surprised it can support my 130 pound body . the second you open a door , window , or go outside you are blasted by the smell of dog urine and feces . it seems like they ca n't keep it clean enough as it is always smelly and dirty outside hallways elevators . and the elevator ... the elevator scrapes and scratches as it moves along and has no certificate of inspection in it . i think it may be the slowest elevator in az . not to mention you have to give 60 days notice when you are moving out . uhh , is n't that what a lease is for ? these people need to learn building structure and property management a lot better if they plan on running an apartment complex successfully with happy tenants .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been a resident here for over a year and have just renewed my lease for another year . i can not rave about this apartment community enough . from the facilities , cleanliness , amenities and location , everything is absolutely top notch . working in the area and having a desire to be close to my work , i could n't ask for a better place to live . everything is so well maintained and makes my hectic life that much easier . i worked directly with amy and i could n't have asked for a better experience negotiating a lease . she was extremely professional and was such a pleasure to deal with . she was very understanding to what i was looking for and gave me the best possible option . i highly recommend her and level at 16th ! cody", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . the fitness center and pool are amazing . i love my cute loft style apartment . the staff is great and maintenance is always there and fixes stuff right the first time . i would recommend it to anyone looking for an upscale , hip place to live .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "level at sixteen is conveniently located near major highways , shopping centers , movie theatre , grocery stores , and great hiking trails . i recently celebrated my birthday in their amazing party meeting room . it has a full kitchen , large tv , comfortable sitting area , pool table , a balcony with a spectacular view of the pool area , and very sleek decor . their entire staff provides excellent overall customer service , recommend leasing with cortney . these high rise lofts are definitely highly recommended ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've lived here for about a year and a half , and have only nice things to say . maintenance issues have always been fixed within about 1 business day , office staff are very friendly and helpful , my apartment townhouse has a nice layout and furnishing , and a great location . would definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "current resident and i ca n't rave at how amazing the new management has been . definitely a huge improvement . love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loving the place so far ! mark taylor management has been great ! i picked up my first package hassle free and so far only have nice things to say about it ! ( except the 300 lb man that lives above me ) awesome workout center and pool that he 's 24 hour availability and is close to all of my favorite stores and restaurants . 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have lived here for over a year and love it ! management has changed for the better since then . they are approachable . they are incredibly attentive to resident requests , and do everything possible to keep it clean and nice for apartment living . amenities are amazing and convenient ! if you are looking for a nice place in the area it is a great option !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible customer service ... had to break my lease to move out of there bc of the loudness of the building . was lied to by multiple staff members when signing and breaking the lease . do not move in here ! they will tell you one thing , then another thing the next day and say , it 's part of your lease . horrible customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have lived at level for over 2 years and absolutely love it . the people that work there go above and beyond the call of duty . i would like to make note to the two service men . both are fantastic and young has gone out of his way to help . the cleaning staff is also wonderful especially rita . it makes my day to see her in the morning smiling . no place is perfect , but this place is perfect for me . they try their best to make the complex feel like home . keep up the great work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great installation security cameras for eyes in the dark upon recommendations from others in my business , i took various bids from various companies for a security alarm system and cameras . power alarm was not the cheapest , but i 'd do it again in a heartbeat . running cable for cameras in a 120 year old building is not an easy task , but this was one job well done . everything was installed , tweaked and tuned until i was completely satisfied . the installers also shopvac-ed any drilling remnants , and did a heck off a clean job . any glitches were taken care of with the first phone call . you can watch from your monitor , your home computer , or your cell phone . the alarm system sends you a weekly report of comings and goings . i 'd be glad to show the system i have to anyone in the market , and i do recommend power alarm very highly . carry on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seventeen years with positive experience with this company but now their customer service has become non-existent . failure to return calls to different people , odd billings with no explanation . if they treat an old established customer with little regard what happens to a new one ? after months of attempts to get a billing question answered still no resolution or call back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great experience with this company . i had a home security system installed . i wanted a local company.power alarm filled that requirement . i have an alarm motion detection system with cameras . excellent crew of considerate professionals . i am impressed even as i write this review.i can highly recommend this company . my system had a couple of hiccups that were handled very smoothly by the installers . i really appreciate the amount of collaboration that was extended by the installers . exceptional in all regards !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bonne ambiance et service rapide ... un peu moins si on d\u00eene le week-end \u00e0 15h ! on aime bien les menus diff\u00e9rents et qui changent souvent . les proportions sont correctes sans \u00eatres exessives , bon dosage .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we showed up with a full hockey team and the parents and service was outstanding . diversified menu to please everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location is slightly smaller than the others . our group of 9 came for lunch with a reservation . they had an assembly line going of large parties being ushered in , served , bussed , torn down and reset . each member of our party was given a number written on the table in front of us and that is how the servers referred to us-a bit impersonal , but i get it , they 're busy and it 's difficult to deal with groups , however the whole service felt rushed , just trying to get us through for the next table i guess ? as usual the food is actually very good for a chain , and they offer decent veggie options as well . not a bad option in you 're in the area or have a big group ( but do n't make a special trip just for this ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was surprised , the food is really good , big portions , very nice flavours and good combination . outstanding fish & chips , well buttered and not oily . bloody caesar was good , well spiced , good ratio of vodka to juice . kids meal of good portion . service was fast and reliable . welcoming stuff and nice decor . this is my second time here and i would definitely recommend it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "une soir\u00e9e resto-cin\u00e9ma en vue , nous \u00e9tions donc avec un horaire un peu serr\u00e9 . un serveur nous a accueilli quelques minutes apr\u00e8s notre arriv\u00e9e , mais seulement pour venir nous souhaiter la bienvenue et nous \u00e9crire le nom de notre serveuse sur la table en ajoutant qu'elle viendrait s'occuper de nous tr\u00e8s bient\u00f4t . 15 minutes apr\u00e8s notre arriv\u00e9e , personne n'est encore venu nous voir , pareil pour le couple \u00e0 c\u00f4t\u00e9 de nous qui , en plus , \u00e9tait arriv\u00e9 avant nous . nous nous sommes lev\u00e9s et avons quitt\u00e9 . je suis all\u00e9 tr\u00e8s souvent chez jack astor 's pendant une p\u00e9riode , mais ce sera tr\u00e8s long avant que j'y retourne .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hamburger classique + poutine \u00e0 effiloch\u00e9 de porc ! ! ! excellent ! beaucoup de staff au service = efficace ( m\u00eame un vendredi soir ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tr\u00e8s bonne bouf . nous avons essayer les nachos machos avec chili au boeuf . tr\u00e8s grande assiette et excellent , pas du tout piquant ( quelque piment fort ici et l\u00e0 ) . nous \u00e9tions trois , il y en manquait pas . un must sont les bouch\u00e9es de poulet avec les sauce et sel , je pourrais mange que cela . j'ai essay\u00e9 le hamburger fum\u00e9e \u00e0 la bbq , il \u00e9tait parfait . bonne taille , boeuf cuit \u00e0 point juste un peu juteux , bacon croustillant pas trop cuit , pain croustillant et moelleux . je pr\u00e9f\u00e8re ce jack \u00e0 celui du centropolis \u00e0 laval . il est plus petit et surtout beaucoup moins bruyant . si vous avez le choix entre les deux , je vous recommande ce dernier . sinon , le service et la bouf sont identique comme une cha\u00eene le devrait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the majority of the food is pretty bland , not very filling and definitely overpriced . if you 're there to watch a game then the bar area is really nice , but if you 're there for the food then you definitely will not be blown away .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've suffered from migraines for years and they were getting to be up to 5 times per month . action had to be taken . i decided my therapy to get these under control would be to include deep tissue massages - something to try at least , right ? over a short time , my migraines were improving to be less often and we really got them under control to be almost non-existent in the end . i did try a few other massage therapists but they did not measure up to the quality that julie provides . she is worth the money , trustworthy and at the top of her field ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "julie is amazing ! she has such a calming and healing personality . she has helped me so much in opening my muscles and relaxing . she is flexible and open and will get to know you and treat you like a patient . she 's never in a rush and is completely focused on you . love my visits with her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not one for reviews , but i have to let y'all know ... julie is amazing ! ! ! i suffer from acute pain in my hips and lower back . julie managed to work out my kinks and knots in an effective and relaxing pressure . i was zonked out ! i also received cupping for the first time . it was an intriguing and detoxifying experience . i highly recommend anyone and everyone to go see julie ! if you like relaxing , pampering , and feeling like a million bucks go ! stop reading and go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i use to be a professional dancer . due to injuries that needed long term physical therapies i decided to move back to phoenix , which is where i 'm from . i was suffering major back pain and shoulder tension from stress and sleeping in awkward positions . fed up i sought after a massage therapist and was introduced to julie through a referral in the animal rescue group i 'm involved in . after seeing julie and her setting me up on a monthly visit i am already seeing more flexibility in my neck , opened and elongated muscles and comfort i have not felt in many years . i highly recommend julie for yourself or any friends and family in need of a massage therapist that will address your individual needs like she did with me . great person , great soul and great energy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perhaps because we do n't have this anywhere near home , they always seem good to me . i love the ice cream . i wish the other fast food chains would take not and train their staff to care about the customers the way they do at chick - fil - a", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chic fillet is always an awesome choice and this location is no exception . fast and friendly service for those of us on the go . what is it about sundays that always leaves you craving that chickeny goodness ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chic-fil-a 's are pretty much all the same & that 's one reason why i like them so much . this location is in the busy afton ridge shopping center . every meal or milkshake : ) has been consistent with quality & taste . while i sometimes grumble about the prices , i am willing to pay more for food that tastes good , along with receiving friendly customer service . they have plenty of parking & a kid 's playground out front . the restaurant & parking lot are always clean & free of trash . it 's pretty easy to get in & out & back onto i-85 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kids playground is great for my daughter . i usually have the number 3 ( spicy chicken ) combo .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the family and i stopped at this chick-fil-a on our way back from lake wylie to raleigh . the restaurant was clean and the staff friendly . you can never go wrong with chick-fil-a to stomp out the hunger monster , especially if you have kids . the lemon pie was also yum . it helped to cleanse the palate . i love my chicken sandwich and waffle fries with polynesian sauce , but sometimes the meal can be a bit much . the lemon pie , which is a lemon custard on a graham cracker crust and topped with meringue , was light and not too tart or sweet . just what i needed to cut the fried food taste . this chick-fil-a is within a shopping complex that 's very convenient for the traveler : starbucks , gas station and target all within a stone 's throw of each other .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best chick-fil-a in the world . also fast and accurate , and most of all always polite . if your in the afton ridge area of concord this is a must stop to eat ... ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am an avid fan of chickfila and have to say that the afton ridge location goes above and beyond what 's expected from regular fast food restaurants , or other chickfilas . i never have a problem with my order whenever i visit ! 5 5 stars compared to other fast food restaurants for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chick-fil-a , if nothing else , is consistently good food . the worst chick-fil-a is still worlds better than the best mcdonald 's . since i work in the afton village shopping center i frequently come here for food . the owners and the entire staff are very friendly and usually always clean . try to get here before peak times to avoid long wait times in the drive through .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a frequent visitor to this cfa location due to its proximity to my job . this place can get to be quite bustling at times but service is always friendly and prompt . they keep the inside clean but be warned that kids can overtake the place due to the ball pit . do n't be surprised that , during the day , the back half of the place is overcome with stay-at-home moms and their accompanying belongings and food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very clean , friendly staff , great food , has kids playground . it was busy but still had a excellent expeirence . as a side note ( some people might not know this ) you can trade in your unopened kids meal toys for ice-cream . i believe all chick-fil-a do this .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the afton ridge chick-fil-a location is the best fast-food restaurant i 've ever visited , hands down . they consistently deliver an incredible customer experience and have what i could consider to be the most customer-centric team in concord . i worked near this location nearly 2 years and visited often , but have n't been in the area in nearly a year . my visit today proves that nothing has changed ... it is the same , consistently incredible , experience i had become accustomed to . the team is so dedicated to their community , and it shows in everything they do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love me some chick-fil-a . if they can just make sure the order is right that would be great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the breakfast food at this location is not very good . everytime i 've ordered chicken minis from this restaurant , the bread has been hard . i 've had to remove the top piece of bread and eat the chicken as if it were pate . even when i tried to switch it up and order the chicken biscuit meal , the biscuit was doughy and the hash browns were undercooked . i now drive pass this location to go to another chicken fil a elsewhere to get my morning meal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "always love chick-fil-a and this is no exception . their managers claudia and justin are great ! the minis are my favorite breakfast item and you seriously ca n't go wrong with the regular sandwich for lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "normal chick-fil-a and got pretty quick service . my only complain is this particular one like to dump the salt shaker on their fries . had the saltest fries ever , they did remake them however my wife still had salty fries crammed at the bottom of her fry container that were redone", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love chick-fil-a and this one is no exception . the staff is always friendly and helpful . i have 3 little kids and they will bring our food to the table so i do n't have to wait on it . the service is fast and the food is great . it is always clean . i can take my kids here to feed them , let them play in the play area while i use the free wi-fi to read on my kindle or use my ipad . my kids always trade the toy from their kids meal in for a free ice cream cone . great value for a family and time well spent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wo n't give any additionnal star just because it 's vegan . i rate the place 4 5 because the food tasted great and it was priced very good . i tasted the shawarma and the steak philly . the shawarma was really good , the steak philly was delicious . the fries , were ... fried ? ( standard ) the baklava was good . we also took half a dozen falafels . they were blend , but in a sandwich or with sauce vegetable they could be amazing . the only reason i do n't give 5 stars is because there is no bathroom and that it 's , after all , fast food . for the record , the service is great ! the lady at the counter was all smiles and very polite . the fact it 's vegan food is just icing on the cake .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every year my boyfriend and i throw a christmas party in our tiny apartment . this year , for the first time we decided to cater the event . we tried 57 cals 's mini shawarma at a vegan festival and decided they were even better than the typical meat ones ... so we figured we 'd give the rest of the food a try . they showed up on time to our party , with six huge platters , beautifully arranged . our some 30 guests absolutely loved all the food . mini shawarmas , mini shish taouks , philadelphia cheese steak sliders and falafel burgers . everything vegan . they all had delicious sauces making the food truly unique . my least favourite platter was probably the samosas . the doe was different , not as moist and crispy as the typical indian samosa . still , by the end of the night there was n't even a crumb left over .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "try the shawarma sandwich . its like that libanaise restaurant `` amir '' but all vegan .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "recently , i ordered from 57 cals which consisted of a pair of vegetarian shish taouk ( chicken tempeh ) pitas and they were pretty good ! the delivery was quick and friendly . the cost was pretty low for pretty much great value . the pitas were packed with content and were fresh and tasty ! would order from here again ! i ordered from here again and the quality of the grub was not the same ... ordered a 3rd time and it was mediocre . the chicken pita was all soggy ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "all i can say is wow ! amazing food ! huge menu and all vegan ! philly cheese steak is my favorite , ca n't believe its not meat . from quesadillas to shawarma.. rich with protein and low cals . ca n't go wrong", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my # 1 place in laval for awesome falafel and other vegetarian goodies . i 'm by no means a vegan nor a vegetarian nut , but when my body says , hey ! enough meat for this week , the first place that comes to mind is 57 cals . everything i tried there was just very good ... . even the spicy poutine to my surprise . overall , a highly recommended on the go place when you 're not feeling to eat any sort of meat that day . enjoy : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! the salsa sandwich and the philly burger were quite tasty . full of flavor and most importantly , the texture was spot on ! the samosas were crispy and flaky . my favorite was the pita patate- it 's a amazing how something so simple can satisfy a craving . i was wanting something cheesy and gooey- this potato sandwich nailed it ! we stopped in for carryout and i plan on using the delivery service soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just ate in this restaurant and first of all , i have to say the the prices are pretty good . the philly burger is to die for , extremely good with the creamy melted vegan cheese and the fake meat . a bit on the oily side though but very tasty . one philly was not enough though and i am happy my daughter could not finish her sandwich . you need to order the mini falafels , they are quite inexpensive and you have plenty to satisfy your hunger . their small serving of fries is gigantic ! on the bad side , there was a very long hair in my wife 's sandwich . the owner were very nice and eventually gave us some desert at the end of the meal but i would recommend they were a hair covering in the future . do n't hesitate to go there though , the food is good !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm so happy for vegan poutine ! this is genius we need this la , asap ! ! ! loved the shish taouk spicy sandwiches.. tasted like real chicken . well done ! would definitely come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "repas sant\u00e9 et \u00e0 bon prix . bonne et belle imitation de viande . par contre , le go\u00fbt est monotone \u00e0 la longue . troisi\u00e8me fois que j'essaie et certainement la derni\u00e8re . resto style comptoir-service de petite taille , situ\u00e9 dans un bloc de boutiques , banques et autres restaurants sur cur\u00e9-labelle .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my favorite vegan place in laval ! so yummy ! i had the shish taouk sandwich and fries , and they were great ! one problem , the fries were a bit overcooked and felt like cement . the sandwiches are definitely worth it ! go try , you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "grosssssss ! ! ! ! ! i got a poutine and it made me sick to my stomach . i was excited to try the only vegan restaurant in laval but ended up regretting it . the trip there was not worth it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had their shish taouk and shawarma sandwhich today and really enjoyed them . wish there were more vegan places like this around .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you miss going to amir for their sharwama or shish taouk and you became vegan it is a good compromise . except that it is not as healthy as you may think , fries on every meal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my first eyelash extension experience was really enjoyable . the place itself is inside an old building , but the spa was clean and very welcoming . i thought it was really cute that everyone leaves their boots near the door before going inside the spa itself ! ( as if you were entering someone 's home ) . personally , i really love the dramatic look of false lashes . i wanted extensions so i would n't have to bother wearing falsies mascara on a daily basis . laura was really sweet and she definitely knew her stuff . i showed her images of what i wanted my lashes to look like and she got it right on point . the entire process was really relaxing . i love that my lashes are so dramatic , yet they look natural ( unlike false lashes ) . i 'll definitely be coming back here : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to befabulous for a fill - i originally went to lust for lashes ( which i liked ) but only got a partial set because it was my first time , and i was nervous . i loved it and wanted a full set , but they were fully booked so i trusted yelp to lead me to another great place ... and it did ! i am very happy with my lashes . all the reviews below say great things about laura - she greeted me when i came in but maryna did my lashes , with laura 's guidance . she did a great job ! i actually fell asleep while she was doing them . i recommend this clinic for eyelash extensions !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm so impressed with the eyelash extensions i 've received from laura . i have been seeing her for over 3 years . recently , she opened a new chic location steps away from the subway . the studio plays relaxing music during your treatment , which happily puts you to sleep . laura is very professional and knowledgeable , understands what lashes best suits your eye type . highly recommend , lasts about 3-4 weeks . having lashes is ( sometimes ) all the makeup you need . she started offering laser hair removal , will book an appointment for that soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried the eyelash extension service for the first time ever so i was n't sure what to expect ... was a bit nervous but everything turned out very well . laura is personable and seemed particular about her work . relaxing atmosphere and convenient location . went with laura based on yelp reviews . the end result was great ! going on my fourth week with them and i am amazed at how good they still look . very natural looking . definitely recommend for quality service . note : cash or pos ... no credit cards .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg ! this place has amazingpizza cones ! ! ! you have to come here ! ! ! like ! ! omg lol ..but get the white pizza it 's on a level that will make u do a flip ! ! ! lol enjoy tho", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after hearing about the pizza cone , we had to try it . we went later on a sunday evening and it was surprisingly steadily busy . there are about nine tables booths and a small bench to wait . the place itself is n't anything special , just a regular ol ' pizza shop . not necessarily dirty , but not tidy . the gentleman that took our order was extremely nice . we waited about ten minutes for our pizza conos which seems like a long time , but it 's about how long you would wait for a regular pizza to cook anyway . we got the mafia cono and chicken fajita cono ... they exceeded our expectations ! they were better than any pizza we have ever had ! not messy at all , super easy to eat , and mouthwatering ! it also was n't greasy , so that 's a plus for pizza ! we also thought they were reasonably priced . we got ours as a meal which was the pizza cone and drink and was $ 5.99 each . not bad ! we will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pizza in a cone ? how can you go wrong and why has n't this happened before ? the staff was super friendly , the food looked amazing , and thankfully , it tasted as good as it looked . my friend and i left after eating no less than four cones . highly recommend the mafia and nutella cones . such a fun unique place to add to squirrel hill . we will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was really good ! not only is pizza in a cone a different idea , but they are also amazing . i got the mediterranean and my boyfriend got pepperoni , both were delicious ! they are made fresh to order so we waited for about 10-15 minutes for lunch on a saturday afternoon . we will definitely go back ! only suggestion i have : they should play some kind of music in there because it was awkwardly quiet while we waited for our food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "enjoyed the pizza in cone , it was very easy to eat . my kids loved it and i felt it was good . i bet it is a fav for late night eats . it takes a few mins to make but it comes out hot and cheesy . looking forward to trying the nutella cone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stopped in to try these pizza cones with great curiosity . it 's a cute gimmick and the food was good enough . i still have to try the dessert ones , which sound quite tasty . their only drawback is the amount of time it takes to make them ... when i visited they did not yet have an operational warmer which will hopefully decrease waiting time , but if you get one made fresh expect to wait at least 15 minutes . my supreme cono was good . i was worried that these things would have an obscene amount of cheese inside but it was actually a good amount of cheese and generous toppings inside . it was still messy once i got to the bottom and had to take the foil off though ! i find it a bit odd that they are serving espresso beverages and loose leaf teas , especially considering the amount of coffee shops in the area . they did have a nice selection of bottled beverages though . the guy at the counter was friendly . i 'm sure i 'll be in again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i should have known that this place was doomed since there was no one in there at lunch hour . a crusty cone of cold cheese took ages to get to me despite being the only person in the restaurant . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "heard a lot of good things about this place and was very intrigued by the conical pizza idea so when we saw an amazon local deal , we snagged it . we ordered a mafia , a supreme , and a white cone . they were all pretty good to start but got better the more we ate them . i think the change in crust to filling ratio had something to do with it . anyway , it was good and i 'd recommend trying it at least once . also , i 'm sure it would make a more portable snack than regular pizza . the staff was very friendly and all-in-all , i 'd say it was a great experience . update : closed", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a very generous 4 because i want the business to succeed , but the service was closer to a 3 . it took what seemed like an absurdly long time ( around 30 minutes ) to make our three cones , considering there was only one other table waiting in the restaurant . hopefully they are planning to buy a second oven soon . the cone was good though , i like how crunchy the crust is . the nutella cone , which as of that day they were experimenting with optional strawberries ( we got em ) was tasty too but got a little sickening with how much raw , un-altered nutella is packed in there . like eating a half of a jar with a spoon all at once !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was good , but the service was so terrible it ruined the experience . the two guys behind the counter often disappeared . it took 30 minutes to get our fries , which came well after our pizza cones . we smelled cigarette smoke coming from the kitchen . most of the tables were dirty as well .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what a disappointment . the pizza was greasy and tasteless . the vegetables were surprisingly fresh but my biggest complaint has to do with the service . the guys behind the counter had very poor hygiene . one guy was sneezing and blowing his nose in a napkin and then continuing to make pizza with out washing his hands . there are no plates , forks , which makes it difficult to eat the pizza since it is falling out of the cone . the pizza was very greasy and unappetizing . stay away !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i loved this place . and we dont eat pork but all there meat is beef . excellent ! i 'll be back ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the idea is good but the execution is poor . half the items on the menu were simply not available . the staff is unfriendly incompetent , and unprofessional . the food is overpriced , and worst of all you will likely be waiting 30 minutes for one pizza cone partly due to the inefficient machine they use . i recommend ordering the food ahead of time to avoid the awful wait .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bought the groupon because my wife and i were curious about this place . while the pizza cones were pretty good , the pictures people post make them look much , much bigger than they actually are . the service is mainly why i am rating this place so low . we waited 30 min for the pizza cones to come out , and when they did , our fries apparently were forgotten . we had to wait for the fries to cook , and even then we only got one order ( the group on clearly says 2 orders ) . i could understand it taking a long time and the fries slipping their mind if they were busy , but there was only my wife and i and one other couple in there . while we were waiting for our food to come out another couple came in and waited for about 10 minutes at the counter for anyone to acknowledge them , but the workers were too worried about their phones to even notice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fun little place to grab a bite to eat . i got the hawaiian and it was great ! the only issue i had was concerning the temperature of the pizza . once i got about halfway through , the inside was cold . still really good though !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great for sunday brunch we 've eaten here several times for both brunch and dinner and have enjoyed outselves each time . last sunday was no exception . cold and wet but the restaurant was warm and cozy . my wife order the bison meatloaf with the soup of the day and a white chocolate raspberry cheesecake for dessert . i had the sea crab soup for my appetizer and fish and chips for my entree . everything was excellent and the sea crab soup outstanding . the best i 've had this side of charleston . service was impeccable and the ambiance is rich and full . a great dining experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was in town on business and needed a good dinner . i popped into red rocks cafe and was surprisingly happy with the menu choices and the bar . the atmosphere was nice , more upscale than i had anticipated . i sat at the bar which was very clean and the bar tenders were super friendly . there are tvs in the bar area so if you 're dining on your own and want to catch a game this is a great place . my dinner was very filling ! i started with a spinach salad and had daniel lyall 's mahi , which was very tasty and not overwhelming !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my medium cooked ny strip was over cooked and dry with no flavor . my saut\u00e9ed greenbeans had absolutely no flavor . and the garlic mash potatoes were so dry they crumbled under my fork . horrible meal and i never plan to return . for great steak at same price go to epic chophouse in downtown mooresville .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went to rrc for a rehearsal dinner last weekend . it was fantastic ! ! all of the staff was wonderful ! ! we started with the crab cakes , chicken skewers , and vegetables . the crab cakes were delish ! i had the filet and my husband had the seared ahi tuna . both were spectacular ! you could cut my steak with a fork . it was absolutely perfect ! my husband loved his tuna . it was the perfect location for a rehearsal dinner ! thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , i expected more . based on the wait time and the prices on the menu , the entire experience was underwhelming . the food was n't inedible , but i 've had better meatloaf at a bob evans or cracker barrel for half the price . with the number of high quality restaurants nearby in the birkdale village area , i doubt i 'll ever be back here - and i certainly would n't wait to get in . after eating here i 'm flabbergasted that they had a 40 minute wait even at 6pm on a saturday . if you can get in quick here and nowhere else nearby , it 's passable , but if you have other options i 'd pass .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent food , terrific service , and a great atmosphere . i recommend the peppered tuna as an appetizer and i 've always enjoyed their fish specials . their wine list is a bit thin , but serviceable . i rarely have dessert , but i tried their creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e at my last visit and loved it . a crunchy warm topping with a fluffy cream interior : just perfect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we moved here 2 years ago and were excited to try this place . let me start off by saying it is a beautiful restaurant , but i did n't go to look at it . it was very disappointing . the food is just mediocre , nothing special or even good about it for the price . we even tried it again about 6 months ago to give it another shot ... still disappointed and we both agree we wo n't return . it just makes me wonder how places like this stay open . i would suggest the chef try something at alton 's or even choplins in cornelius , the food is so much better !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "red rocks was ok. we very much enjoyed the ambiance and our extremely friendly server . we we 're impressed with the spread on the menu as it has something for everyone . the food was n't great though for the price . we started with the queso dip which was fine . my husband got the bison meatloaf and it was more like meatball parmesan . i had a salad with salmon which was ok . the portions were great but the taste was bland . we would go backs for drinks and an app but not a full dinner . for a friday night we were a bit surprised how family friendly it was .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dude , do n't even bother . if red rocks thinks they can compete with epic or dresslers , they are out of their mind . they are at best a glorified outback or longhorn due to the cuts of meats and service . wine selection is that of a national restaurant chain . unfortunately we had to wait 45 minutes for our steaks at an empty restaurant . the steaks were decent but nothing to rave about . in the end , the service was not good and food was mediocre .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went on a first date at this spot , it 's in the trendy birkdale area and has a patio with outdoor seating along the walking path . you can sit have a drink , people watch and enjoy life . it was sunday so i had brunch , and wine . the service was excellent and the food was good . oh , and we are still dating . happy gal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overpriced . got a filet cooked medium . it was over cooked and dry . green beans had no flavor .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went to red ricks for valentines day dinner and really enjoyed it . i had the crab cakes and my wife had the mahi . we havent been there in a long time but it didnt disappoint . overall the two entrees were very good . the crab cakes were not `` overbreaded '' as many places do . the mahi was also cooked very well . even though it was valentines day , the service was really good considering red rocks was packed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were just passing through on our way back to new york and decided to stop in for dinner with our children . loved it ! the expansive menu is suitable to any pallet and surprise- they offer a nice kids menu complete with stickers . the ambience , food , service were perfection . definitely plan to come back when we are back in town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here for a company dinner and had a terrific time . we had a limited menu , but by no means was the food or the service compromised . my steak was cooked perfectly and the strawberry shortcake was to die for . i would definitely like to return to sample the complete menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "made reservations on a sunday for lunch when children visiting from out of town . was n't that busy but they greeted us and gave us a nice table . every one very happy with their food . i had black and blue wedge with tenderloin and must say it was best i have ever had . atmosphere is nice with outside seating available . the music was a bit loud but when asked to turn down they happily softened . our server , shane was very good . he explained specials , very personable , checked on us several times and boxed up my leftovers . look forward to another visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and service ! menu is itemized by famous nascar names which the boyfriend thought was kinda cool . i had the meatloaf and he had one of the chicken and veggie meals . everything was great . a little pricey but definitely worth it . it 's a cute place for date night and it 's in birkdale village which is such a cute outdoor shopping center . p.s . kasey kahne walked right by us while eating our dinner : ) fun !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the environment here is great , staff very friendly and fun but unfortunately i can not say the same about the food ... i got the almond crusted flounder and can probably say it was the worst seafood i have ever had prepared for me ! it came with asparagus over rice which was mediocre given you ca n't really mess that up . my husband got the jambalaya which had a nice kick to it but once again just mediocre . i can say the dishes look nice when served , but they are not what i would expect for $ 30- $ 40 entrees . i did have a friend suggest the crab cakes if we ever go back so they must be one of the better dishes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great night spot great food good service located in birkdale village- free valet too ! you may find yourself eating next to a nascar drive here ... outdoor seating is great in the summer time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome experience . i had the sesame tuna over risotto . others had cajun rib eye , spinach ravioli with chicken and walnuts , filet mignon , and salmon . everyone was very pleased with their choices . the she crab soup was delicious also . it was a little noisy , but considering it was charlotte restaurant week , it was somewhat expected .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "red rocks cafe is one of the best restaurants in birkdale village and one of my favorites in charlotte . you really ca n't go wrong with anything on this menu . the service is always outstanding , and their lunch menu is awesome . highly suggest grabbing a meal here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were there on a very busy night , and the food and service were excellent . the coconut cake is amazing . we will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my date and i decided on red rocks cafe as we both enjoy seafood . we both ordered the chilean sea bass and it was average at best . it was n't properly seasoned - really lacking in salt - nor was it flaky . a really good chilean sea bass should be cut with a fork and have a rich , buttery taste . this was neither . we ordered wine and found lipstick on the rim of my glass . the manager did deduct this from my bill and apologized . the service was really good and the waiter was very knowledgeable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best service ! chris , the gm , went above and beyond to make sure we were taken care of . would completely recommend and will be back again ! thanks for a great and memorable evening !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good service and the ambiance is great too . they could use a few more lightbulbs , but overall nice looking place . stopped in for lunch today and had the pittsburgh salad . it was yummy , the beef had a slightly sweet tang to it like teriyaki style or something . i was a strange yet really good with the blue cheese dressing and the fresh veggies . the drink was also on point ... a tahitian something or other . we finished off with the coconut cake . it was yummy . i wish the day had been better , it was grey and rainy . birkdale is always a nice little afternoon , but we were in and out due to the crummy weather . i knocked off a point for price . my lunch was 32 bucks ... the dessert portion was huge , but the salad was not .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was such a waste of money . ordered the chicken formaggio pasta with a `` four cheese sauce . '' the chicken was dried out , mushrooms looked canned or as if they had been soaking in water for hours , there was barely any `` sauce '' covering the pasta . little cheese shreds that were n't completely melted as the `` sauce . '' no flavor whatsoever . meatloaf did n't taste like anything , veggies on the side were still partially raw . pissed off about such poor quality food for $ 16 a plate . paid less at maggiano 's and got 4 pasta plates , an appetizer and dessert . what a shitty place . oh , and my fork had an old piece of dried out food in it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great menu variety . vegetarian options . wonderful steaks and seafood . nice area to sit outside and valet in the evenings . also a comfortable bar area if you just want drinks and something light . there is a great private room for parties but i 'm pretty sure you have to sell a kidney to afford it . service is always attentive and they even offered a free , warm chocolate chip cookie on my last visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it took me a while to figure this place out . if you 're traveling and here for a quick stop , listen carefully . do n't order the steak . ironically , that 's their weakest offering . however , you can order a wide variety of chicken dishes and you will be pleased . ribs and burger pretty good as well , but chicken dishes are the way to go . service is always good . bread and salad are also good . prices are a little high .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is good but way overpriced . portions are n't big enough or creative enough to warrant the cost . the base problem is that this place thinks it 's fancier than it is . wine selection ai n't fancy but they try to pretend it is . restaurant decor ai n't fancy but they think it is . white tablecloths alone do not warrant $ 30 per person meals . very dark inside . like you 're dining in a cave . service is fine , i guess .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of my favorite places to eat . food and service is always superb . wide selection of food from fish to steak and salads . wine menu is also decent . cheesecake is also awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and patio area ! i recommend visiting on a weekend to enjoy live music from the squares while enjoying a nice cocktail my ahi tuna and asparagus were cooked perfectly , and the sesame sauce added a sweet kick to the overall dish", "score": "5"}
{"review": "made the trip today for a late lunch early dinner while christmas shopping . food and service was great as always . happy chris was there . he 's the primary reason we go ... ..always a genuine smile and a friendly visit and conversation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was super disappointed with red rocks cafe . most of the reviews i read were great but my experience , not so much . went for brunch and the menu was pretty limited for brunch , but anyways i ordered the crab cake benedict and my eggs were severely overcooked , they were hard boiled when they are supposed to be runny . i had n't had eggs benedict in a while , and i was looking forward to a real breakfast , so i was pretty disappointed and not to mention there was barely any hollandaise sauce which is the best part . i ordered grits and got fruit when my plate came , no big deal mistakes happen when i did get my grits they were cold , lumpy , sticky and flavorless . the only good part about it was the fresh fruit and the crab cakes were decent . overall i would not go here for brunch again , maybe for lunch or dinner .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my cousin and i stopped here for lunch after walking around birkdale . the salads were amazing ! not to mention their menu is great . there are lots of options available to choose from . i ordered the blackened seafood salad and my cousin ordered another salad with grilled shrimp . they were amazing and filling . i would definitely recommend this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what an amazing menu - so much to chose from and everything i have had is very tasty . good service , and it is hard to chose between an appetizer or dessert ... ..hard to do both with so much food as apart of your dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great place to dine for any occasion . casual dress is fine but you also will not be out of place if you want to dress up a little . prices are moderate and food is great . although you may want to ask for dressing on the side if you get a salad ( they are dressing happy ) the deserts are so yummy ... we try so hard to not get dessert every time we go but they are just irresistible ! so if you are dieting , beware ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went for a private event in one of the back rooms , but was extremely pleased with the service and food selections . it was family friendly , but seemed like a good spot for a date as well . i definitely will return when i 'm in that area ! loved the chicken artichoke dip- yummmm ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i usually get pasta or salad here but decided to try the caribbean salmon with pineapple chutney . oh my goodness out of this world ! my husband got the bacon wrapped sirloin , and it was so tender he was cutting it with his fork . so good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my initial post expressing my experience was not written with the intent of the red rocks management staff responding . however , two management level staff reached out to me . the food and wait staff are great . and my first review merely expressed the location of my seat was not optimal . i 'm glad to know the management staff care enough about their reputation and strive for patrons to have great experience all the way around . i will return again in the future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was in town on business alone and saw this place on yelp ! i ate dinner on a tuesday afternoon outside . i was seated immediately and everything was too me in perfect timing . i ate the lemon and herb pan seared chicken and it was great ! wish there were a little more potatoes and wish the potatoes were a little more flavorful , but the chicken was perfect . i 'd def come back to try other options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "come here every time i 'm in town . food is always amazing ! love the specials . the weekend always seem to have a great bar crowd as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the nicest `` caf\u00e9 '' i 've been to . very good quality and service at busy dinner time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have to agree with many of the other reviews , the food is good but overpriced . portions are small to the point that you have to order an appetizer or dessert to leave satisfied . the waitstaff is pretty pleasant , and i 've never had to wait at this location . i have to say their desserts are very good though ; the chocolate cake has 7 layers and is huge ! with many better options in birkdale i would n't go to red rocks often if it was n't one of my girlfriends favorites . ( probably because she 's a smaller eater and usually does n't have to pay lol . )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was one of my better meals on a recent trip to the charlotte area . if you are trying to decide between the fox and hounds and this place i 'd choose this place . everything was great . thanks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ate dinner on saturday night at red rocks . the thai chili mussels appetizer had been recommended to me by a friend who frequents red rocks for their delicious food and ambiance . the mussels were so tasty , cooked to perfection and paired so well with fries and toasted bread . i will definitely be back for this dish again ! for my my entree , i ordered the southern citrus seabass and my boyfriend enjoyed the lobster ravioli . both delicious ! red rocks has outstanding food , and friendly , attentive service . drinks were refilled without asking . the owner even stopped by to welcome us and ensure we had outstanding service . we absolutely did , and will be recommending red rocks to anyone looking for a fabulous meal and experience ! absolutely 5 stars ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is ok , not great . it is overpriced for the quality of food . there is a good atmosphere inside and there is a large outdoor patio . my wife and i had our first date here . if the food was better and the pricing more reasonable , we would go back more than once every few years .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place . we went to thanksgiving here and they had a great buffet although it was inconveniently placed if you were sitting outside . there also wasnt ham ... which my husband griped about but the food offered was really good and it was much better than cooking and all that stress", "score": "4"}
{"review": "two small words ... . chocolate cake ! actually it 's not small at all it 's huge . can i just say , the best i ever had . i love coming here for a nightcap and to squelch my hankering for something sweet . it is pretty crowded late nights in the bar area . but the bartenders are really on top of things so it 's never a problem . they have a great selection of wine at reasonable prices . i have n't eaten real food here yet . unless you count the cake but i 'm looking forward to it and will let you know ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would recommend red rocks . nice ambiance . waiter was very attentive to care for refills . had the ribeye . nicely cooked and tender .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great experience having dinner at the bar . excellent blackened ahi , chopped side salad & dirty martini . bartenders were superb . friendly clientele . great for business travelers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just sat down to order and the burgers all have nascar driver names . the waitress had no idea what i was ordering because they always change the names . what is the point ? need to make a serious menu change so we know what we are ordering !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a late lunch there . had the reuben sandwich it was delicious ! nice place and service . must try the delcious chocolate cake next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "red rocks is one of those places that just is for me - the food is n't bad but it also is n't good and definitely does n't push any boundaries . i always feel very out of place here , as it seems like the only people here are regulars . they do make a good salad though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went in with a friend after driving by and decided to give it a shot . the service was top-notch and the food was very good . this is the best italian food i have had in phoenix and my friend agreed as well . i had a pasta dish and my friend had the chicken cacciatore . also tried the nero d'avola wine and it was excellent . i wish i would have tried this place sooner i am definitely going back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best ayce korean bbq to be had in the city . i believe outdoes chako and korean grillhouse . pricing is a bit steep with no night specials available . however , does come with choice of soft tofu soup , kimchi soup and pork bone soup . amazing banchan ( appetizers ) , lettuce ( to wrap up the meat ) , bulgogi ( yes very well marinated ) , spicy pork ( drools , very tasty and well marinated ) , chicken ( tender and gd ) , short ribs ( gd as well ) , pork belly ( not gd quality at all ) btw , service amazing , they change the grill without asking , come to check on you and even just glance at the grill or at the table to make sure everything is gd ! loooove it . highly recommend ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best bone in pork soup . has a nice kick to it . great variety with dinner . not a big fan of the dumplings or breaded shrimp so probably did n't need to go with the ultimate option .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in your hour of snot-filled need save some time ; skip the medicine dances and trips to the drug store for more kleenex because community pharmacy has every antidote you need . the staff is kickass and has solved every headache , flu , weird rash ( i wo n't go into those ) , and inexplicable itch i 've encountered in 4+ years in madison . if you want a natural cure to what ails you , this is the absolute best place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been having a lot of trouble with prescriptions here lately , to the point where i am almost ready to cut ties with one of the otherwise best co-ops in madison , which will pain me to do . inefficient , inconsiderate window service , similar phone and email service , many times shorting me on my prescriptions because they are out of things , requiring multiple trips , and how easy is it to park there ? not at all . i 'm frankly not sure it 's worth the stress and aggravation anymore .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love visiting community pharmacy . they have a great selection of natural products and super friendly staff who are always willing to help you find the right product . they also offer a good assortment of healthy snacks and natural beverages . make sure to visit on thrifty thursdays for a discount !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff is very helpful at suggesting things that might help . if western medicine is n't doing enough for you give this place a try . best place to buy greeting cards ( especially postcards ) in madison !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really , though , what 's not to love about community pharmacy ? they 've got all the herbal natural stuff possible for your health eating drinking reading bath time needs . it 's a fun store to look around in , even if you 're not going to buy anything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best . pharmacy . ever . i missed it so when i have lived elsewhere in the state and country - there is nothing else like it ! here 's what you can get there : bulk herbs , bulk tea , bulk lotion & shampoo , bug spray , bandages , natural dried plants to wash your clothes with , cloth menstrual pads , amazing chocolate selection , healthy snacks and drinks , soap ! ( hundreds of 'em and many are locally made ! ) , candles , vitamins , brilliant books and magazines , prescriptions , the regular drug store over-the-counter stuff , wonderful body care products . and on and on ... ooh , do n't forget this place if you need a unique non-hallmark card for any occasion . the staff is stunning and smart and really wants to help you - genuinely ! i heart community pharmacy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am embarrassed to say that i 've lived here for 2 years now and have not given this place a shot until yesterday . do n't worry , i 'm a believer now . i 've been getting frustrated with the tiny selection of natural cruely free products at woodman 's and target ... i mean , at least they 're trying ( and that 's good ) , but they could do better . yesterday target was out of the conditioner i wanted , so i decided to stop into the community pharmacy . wow , the selection is great ! the prices are really fair and the staff are super nice . i will definitely be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "community pharmacy is such a lovely place . the staff is friendly and knowledgeable.they have a great selection of supplements and natural products . they also have a pretty good selection of herbs , tinctures and teas . i 've never had a prescription filled there , but i 'm sure that pharmacists are as nice as the rest of the staff . the last thursday of the month is `` thrifty thursday '' , which means you get 15 % off your purchase . which is a great deal considering their prices are already reasonable . stop in and you 'll never want to go to a walgreen 's again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like that you can get your herbal on while still getting conventional medication here . they know their stuff , too , and what to not mix with what . i was filling a script for acid reflux medication and decided to throw in a box of peppermint tea . the pharmacist told me it would make my acid reflux worse because peppermint apparently relaxes the stomach muscles . also they sell bulk beauty supplies , so you can get your 85 gallons of dr. bronners here . i 'm surprised they do n't have bulk bronners at willy 's .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! the variety of items they carry is amazing ! from natural vitamins and mineral supplements to soaps and teas , a person can leave happy and never empty handed . the staff is friendly and will give great advice . this is one of my favorite places in downtown madison", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here yesterday for the first time looking for a specific product that only they carry in the madison area . it 's definitely a fun little shop to look around in . they have just about anything and everything you could be looking for naturopathic . basically i was like a gigantic child sneaking around touching and smelling everything . they probably did n't appreciate that . however , i did n't break stuff and run up and down the aisles screeching .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great selection of alternative health and beauty products . i especially like that they stock earth-friendly menstrual products . i was also able to buy henna hair dye by the ounce , which kept the price very low and allowed me to get the exact amount i needed !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best pharmacy i have ever been to hands down . perfect blend of allopathic and alternative , with plenty of helpful expert advice to go around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not sure what more to add than the staff is extremely knowledgeable and helpful . i have been using the pharmacy services for almost 2 decades . they will go above and beyond for their customers if it 's needed . i ca n't imagine going to a chain rx after having had this kind of nice personal service . oh and they are the first place i look for uncommon brands of health supplies . they ca n't be found at wa_-__rt .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you love alternative medicine and want to talk to true professionals in the field , this is the place for you . they have herbalists and pharmacists working together to create healthy choices for maintaining your health . loads of essential oils , pressed herbs , literature and all your organic health needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been in portland , or for a couple years but when i was a uw student , this was my pharmacy . i still think about it from time to time because i wish we had something like this here in portland . they have a fantastic selection of alternative products , very friendly and helpful staff , a relatively convenient location , and they 're a co-op ! it 's a pretty unique establishment as far as i can tell . if you live in the area , do n't miss the chance to make this place your pharmacy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply put : the coolest pharmacy ever . locally owned , awesome , and perfectly located just off of state street on gorham .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never used the pharmacy services but i 've purchased stuff from the retail area . they mostly focus on natural organic homeopathic stuff but they also have a few conventional choices to choose from . they have a very large supplements section , shampoo body care section , and sexual health section . a great place to shop if you 're interested in natural & herbal products .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looking for a specific herb that you ca n't find anywhere else ? chances are , they have it ! i spent two weeks looking for a specific product before i was referred to this location . ca n't wait to make it back when i have more time to look around !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome pharmacy in downtown madison . they have an amazing selection of natural personal care products at very reasonable prices , plus many testers . it 's like being in a candy store . speaking of candy , there is actually a shelf of vosges , gail ambrosius , and lake champlain chocolates . the service is great , too . what 's not to love ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! i get all of my local and organic skincare products here ! of course i ca n't forget about the herbal supplements and the extremely helpful and knowledgable staff ! love , love , love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought some wheatgrass powder from them the other day , it really hits the spot . plus , everyone there is super knowledgeable . great little shoppe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very great selection . the staff are very intelligent and can help find almost anything . they also have a good deal of material regarding how to use natural remedies . i would give them five stars if they had better hours .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great stuff but too expensive just like all the other healthcare options in this country .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is so amazing ! i went here about once a week during the five years i was in madison . the staff are very helpful and knowledgeable and i always found what i was looking for ( plus way more ) . community pharmacy has so many items that you ca n't find anywhere else in madison . they sell great magazines like bust and bitch that you wo n't find in your grocery store checkout . they also have all-natural soaps , shampoos , hair dyes , and cleaning supplies . they also carry alternative feminine hygiene products , such as re-usable pads and diva cups . it was nice to be able to go in and talk to someone and look at the samples before buying something like that . i never used the pharmacy portion of this store however , so i ca n't speak to that , but as for the products they stock , this place is terrific !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love that they have a counter where you can buy herbs by the ounce . the guy who helped me was very nice in helping me decide what to buy and how much for what my needs were . they have a great selection of natural , home-remedies and its a fun store to browse .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i currently live here . the first month my upstairs neighbors water heater broke and leaked all over my back patio and started seeping into my apartment . i called the office and got a voicemail . ( at 5:30 am i did not expect for anyone to answer . ) i left a voicemail for the ( emergency maintenance . ) what a joke ! i had to call three more times . three hours later they showed up . then when i go to the office to complain about the delay i got an attitude from a girl named shannon . she acted like she did not care . then that same weekend my water heater went out . they did respond within 40 min . i guess that 's better than three hours . the front office staff have horrible attitudes . if you do n't like you job go somewhere else . i do have to say though that there is a gal named tina that is a doll . always very polite and nice . always willing to help . good job tina .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst management i 've ever had . there is dog poop everywhere . when i first moved in my apartment was n't ready for weeks after they said it would be . then management told me i could park anywhere because they were `` re-vamping '' the parking lot , but then they had me towed . did they cover the tow fees ? nope . this place sucks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i lived here for just about a year , during which time ownership or management changed hands . i would say it is about what i expected for a reasonably priced apt . i would warn you though , the apartment i rented upstairs was not well insulated so during summer months the ac ran constantly , struggles to get below 80-82 , and was very expensive ( over $ 300 a month ) in the 2012-13 season .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is a joke the staff all the way to corprate ! they over charge you and the amount of ghetto ass people that live here it 's a shame it makes ahwatukee look bad . i am sorry you make $ 10 a hour and hate your job but be respectful to your tenants", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i absolutely love these apartments . i have renewed my lease for a year an am extremely happy with my decision . the office staff is amazing and friendly . they make me feel right at home . although they are renovating their attitude is right on point ! i recommend this property to evetyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after living in these apartments for about 3 weeks , my roommate and i have only been disappointed time and time again . the day we moved in we noticed our dishwasher had standing brown water in it and our dryer does not work at all , which we reported to management immediately . three weeks later and after multiple calls to the office our dishwasher still has not been fixed and we just keep getting told that parts for our dryer are on the way . there was also an existing bug problem from the previous tenants that has caused us the need to have our entire apartment bombed sprayed 4 times now . the office often does not answer our calls and when they do they do n't seem to have any answers for us . my roommate 's car has now been broken into twice in the past week in the apartment parking lot . calls to their management company riverstone residential group have also gone unanswered .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my experience at rockledge fairways apartments is good . the property management team is friendly and willing to answer questions . whenever i 've had an issue with my apartment the maintenance team took care of any issue promptly . the people who live at the apartments in my section are quiet , friendly , and drama free . the yearly increase in my rent is not outrageous , and that proves to me that the company who owns this property is more interested in keeping me as a tenant . this is a greystar property and i am impressed in they way they manage this apartment complex . i would live in other greystar properties if they are all managed in this same manner . customer service is important , and how i 'm respected as a resident by the property management team and greystar is important to me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hoorrrriiibllleee ! ! ! i am so glad im free from there . i left a ketchup bottle in the fridge and they are trying to charge me for a new fridge haha also the staff if horrible . they talk to you like an idiot with no respect . beware of hannah ! such a mean person she made my girlfriend cry . also the cops are there all the time so do not move here . thank u", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i moved into rockledge fairways apartments last month . the complex is always cleaned and seems to be maintained . i constantly see maintenance making their rounds around the apartments and always with a smile . the neighbors seem to be pretty quiet and to themselves . kristin and tyler in the front office are awesome ! always smiling , welcoming and eager to help with whatever . my only complain would be parking , i know that they are now putting green `` open parking '' signs on parking spots that are currently not occupied which has helped . other than that i am pleased with greystar ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i say this is the worst apartment complex that i have ever encountered . i mean it is the worst . the office staff never know anything about apartment issues . the manager is beyond rude . maintenance is slow about getting things fixed and when they do , it 's halfway done . trust me , save your money and your sanity . the only reason i gave it 1 star is because it wo n't submit without one .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been living in rockledge for about a month and a half now and it 's been great ! the office was so helpful when i was signing my lease because i was moving in from out of town . and since then i 've only needed maintenance once and i walked to the office made the service request and they were at my apartment in an hour , they introduced themselves , fixed my leaky ac , and my leaky washer and they 're all working great now ! the only downside to rockledge is the gyms a little small and i do wish it was 24 hrs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i first moved into this place , everything that could be wrong was , and everything that could go wrong did . upon moving in they had just hired a new office manager who promised things would be changing . was n't sure how much i could trust that but she has really turned things around ! have n't experienced any more issues , thankfully , and the office staff always greets me when i come in to get packages . now a happy resident and even referred a friend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i were looking for an apartment close to work and also in a nice and safe neighborhood . i 've had no complaints since the moment we moved in . the pool and the gym are well maintained , they clean the parking area and the surroundings of the apartments ever week . the apartments are nice and look so luxurious for a very affordable price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to go look at these apartments yesterday for a potential move in option . the apartment office was closed at 2:00pm with a sign that said `` be back soon- showing apartment . '' i waited 30 min in my car . the lady in the office was n't out showing an apartment , but taking a break . i asked her if she would show me an apartment and her response was she `` did n't show apartments in the rain '' . i 'm sorry but ... what ? ! ? how do you expect to rent out your apartments when you ca n't even show them ? ? her nonchalant , unhelpful demeanor put a bad taste in my mouth . she did n't even ask if i wanted to come back another day . staff obviously does n't care , so i went somewhere else . good luck to those who are stuck in a lease with management staff who do n't care .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "avoid this place . their prices are appetizing , but there 's a reason for that . i 've had my car broken into and my motorcycle vandalized twice . the management does not give two shits about you . it 's a terrible complex not suited for kids or families . avoid ! avoid ! avoid !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rude office staff . office is useless . rent somewhere else . they will not accept packages for you if you 're not home either .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you like your water being shut off at least once a month ( good thing burger king is across the street ( 10 out of 10 recommend to shit at ) ) maintenance taking weeks to arrive , your car broken into then this is the place for you !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used to call rockledge fairways home . i had a brief experience there but enjoyed the time i was there . the apartment was decent for the price . while i would have rather lived farther south in the foothills , i knew i would not be able to afford a short term lease out there . i adore starlene and robert , they are always happy and always smiling . take every review with a grain of salt . people will always share the negatives before they share the positives .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have had poor to mediocre customer service at this location . facility is bright and clean which is a positive . selection is `` just the hits ! '' have only purchased some accessories but have quit using them altogether . major retailer ( guitar center , music & arts , woodwind & brasswind , etc ... ) focused on school programs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rent at your own risk . store personnel seems to be friendly , however , that 's about it . we rented an alto sax , and when we had to exchange it for another sax due to tuning problems , they secretly changed the rental price without telling us . when we called the store about it , they refused to fix the problem , saying they have no way of doing so ( but they were capable of overcharging. ) . called corporate customer service , and they also claim to not be able to fix the problem . now we have to wait for their auditing department to maybe do something . strongly recommend renting from a different business that knows how to treat their customers with respect and integrity . updated 3 30 2015 - audit department called within 24 hours and fixed billing problem . increasing the rating from 1 star to 3 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great service , awesome price on drum sticks , and open later than all of the other shops in the area", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to go for anything ! ! ! rentals on band and orchestra instruments a ton of lessons and performances opportunity here great prices on combo instruments repairs on any instrument are done here ! check it out ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm so grateful this company was recommended to me . i experienced amazing and helpful customer service as well as quick design and installation . if possible i would rate them 6 stars . ask for sarah and percy for your graphic design needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awful with customer service . i called on the telephone to inquire about a couple of jobs . they took all the information they needed and said someone ( a female ) would get back to me . never received a call . i went in person the following day . someone took measurements but said the office manager would be in touch with me . again , she never did . my girlfriend , who wants to have her entire 4runner wrapped , had similar experience and feels the same way . she had warned me that they never got back to her but thought i would have a better experience . seems they do n't need or want anymore business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "warrior wraps is a top notch business and they do amazing work in a very fast manner . i had another company make promises they could not keep and warrior wraps saved the day ! let 's start with the service . the front desk staff are very polite . answered the phone with a smile i could hear and did everything they could to assist me over the phone . i walked in the back parking lot and was greeted by an installer than really knew his stuff and have great recommendations and reasonable pricing for my car . i wanted my front lip , side mirrors , and spoiler wrapped black . i expected it to be a long turn around time however i was able to get my car serviced the same day . who does that anymore ? great stuff . from start to finish warrior wraps saved the day and when i decide to get my side stripes and tires done they will be the first i call .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great wrap job on my can am spyder . said it would be two days and they completed it first morning", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been to warrior wraps twice to customize my 15 kia soul . great job very professional and i 'm not quite done yet . `` i 'll be back '' .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently got my truck wrapped at warrior wraps , the process from start to finish was smooth . the staff is friendly and the shop has a great feeling to it . i highly recommend warrior wraps .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys exceeded my expectations . from the time i got my quote to the time i picked up was only about a week . i brought my 2017 camaro ss here to get it murdered out with a matte black . sarah and her team went right to work and took care of everything from the side mirrors to the door handles . it looks amazing . i 'm very happy with the work they did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company is the best ! sarah and the whole team was amazing , quick and helpful . wrapped my unit and it looks amazing ! ! ! thank you ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been using warrior wraps for a few years now . a++ service . sarah is amazing and always quick to respond . would recommend them for any of your wrap needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are experts in what they do and it shows . they were friendly , helpful and professional at getting my project done on time and done right . thank you and a+ job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company is awesome ! ! ! the people are cool and they are pros ! ! ! if you want to get your car wrap . you got to go with them . let me tell you why , i went everywhere in town , including out of town near los angeles to get a quote just to wrap my spoiler . everyone was way out rageous just to wrap a spoiler . i walked into warriors wraps and i met sarah . she was really cool and showed me around in the shop . i saw some really cool things there . long story short , i 'm amaze of how my spoiler came out . the price was awesome . now i want to get my whole car done . having said that i want all my friends go here and get their car done . thanks sarah and warrior wrap team ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for the past 6 months for work and sarah is always so helpful ! ! it makes my day when i get to see her smiling face ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great company to work with ! from the creative process with percy 's genius ideas through to the installation . mike the owner is a great guy and runs a top notch business . its always a pleasure to work with sarah because she always makes the extra effort to get us taken care of quickly . if you want the best wrap in town these guys got it down !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sarah was amazing . one of the best customer service the guys in the back was professional fast and to the point..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the service level provided . great customer service . exceptional attention to detail . quality work are put into everything they do", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i use warrior wraps for all of my corporate wraps and clings . they are fast and efficient . all of their installations come out amazing . their graphic installer corey is amazing . very detail oriented and friendly . i never have to worry about the quality when he is around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have done $ thousands $ in business here and they always take care of me ! mike , sara and percy are awesome ! they do n't use cheap material like other shops . i will be back again soon for more work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sarah helped me out the same day ! i needed a banner printed and another company was going to charge me double the price with a longer wait time . i am so pleased i will definitely use warrior wraps again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful service , and sarah at the front desk was extremely helpful . they wrap your car in record time , and offer you free snacks and netflix while you wait ! i highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time using this company they were excellent . sent two installers to wrap some of our charging stations . they did an excellent job very professional and friendly look forward to using them again in the future . big thanks to corey and tre they did a great job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love sarah her customer service is superb ! ! ! she goes above and beyond from beginning to end to make sure you 're satisfied . been going to warrior wraps for a long time and she 's always been great . i ca n't leave out percy his designs are amazing ! ! ! you have to check him out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are awesome ! great work ! only company i use for my wrap needs . if your looking for high quality work at reasonable prices stop by warrior wraps ask for lyndsey", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my vw cc wrapped dec 15 . it has been a great experience having this new look ! i get people stopping me all the time to ask about my car and where i got it done . i would recommend warrior wraps 100 % ! ! ! you will love the new look too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has such a great architectural atmosphere . unfortunately , that 's where it stops . their menu is highly overpriced and the food is at the level of a diner . i guarantee their chefs are warmed over short order cooks , with no executive chef in the kitchen . the service is also a terrible , trying to up charge you with everything on the menu . i have been to blue canyon 10 times and it progressively is getting worse . do yourself a favor , and just order drinks and an appetizer .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "visited recently for drinks and dessert . we love the dining room and bar 's theme . it 's a great motif in a very well done room . the bartender 's service was great , the drinks had generous pours and the desserts were top notch . we had both the smores and the ho-ho 's and enjoyed both . for a trip just for drinks and dessert , it was on par , and we are fans .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yesterday , after much shopping decided to end our day at the blue canyon restaurant in twinsburg , ohio . the place was jamming , but we were seated right away ! i had the walleye which was pleasant and delicious . my companion ordered the pretzel coated trout with spinach orange ginger sauce . i was debating on that dish , too -- so i took a bite and it was also fabulous . at the end we ordered creme brulee and i must say it was very rich , crunchy caramelized topping and just right ... enjoyed ourselves immensely . wish i would have taken pictures now because everything was beautifully presented , but the lighting was low . the design of the restaurant is reminiscent of a lodges in montana or colorado with fireplaces roaring and lots of rustic furnishings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in town for a business meeting in hudson , and staying at the hilton garden inn across the street . the interior of the restaurant is really nice ; they did a great job with the space . our server was very nice and friendly . the menu and drink list was pretty intriguing , and we were excited to order our drinks and dinner . unfortunately , the drinks were very weak both in strength and size , and the food , while tasty , came in unbelievably small portions . we were extremely disappointed , especially for the price . wo n't be returning again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "our first time at the blue canyon . we had a great time ! food and service were outstanding ! completely enjoyed the entire experience ! ! we highly recommend this restaurant as we will definitely be coming back . we are basic eaters who like our steaks and a good salad . i am very glad that we did not pay any attention to the negative reviews that some people have written . my thoughts are that you as a diner help create the experience for yourself . many people are just miserable and you can not do anything to please them . overall this restaurant has a great score and its well worth the drive wherever you live . we love it ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the moment i walked in , i wanted to square dance . this place is hillbilly chic . i took my fiance here for his birthday because he appreciates a nice cut of meat without all the frills and fufu details . i asked around for a good steakhouse ... upon further research , i decided to take him here . in retrospect , i should 've taken him to the other steakhouse . we ordered a couple of apps : beet salad and a seasonal fried oyster dish ( which happened to be the best thing there ) , and our entrees : me , chicken and him : steak . nothing special . the birthday dessert is not complimentary , but they will but a candle on it . i ordered the bread pudding because they can add a scoop of ice cream to it , and he likes ice cream . dessert was not good . 3 stars= 1 . fried oyster app 2 . catty-corner quasi indoor outdoor seating 3 . server was nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "22 members of our family needed a brunch spot that could accommodate people who ate seafood but not meat , people who ate meat but not pork , and people who were fussy about food . blue canyon set a nice tone with its hunting lodge atmosphere . great service . the brunch food was fine ; some of it bland , some of it interesting ( mac and cheese , red and yellow tomato salad ) . what was out on the buffet tables was supplemented by made-to-order pancakes , omelets , and eggs benedict ( the waitress takes your order and brings it back from the kitchen ) . i really like the fact that my cranberry juice came in a wine glass . bc was a good choice for our family event .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we met friends for a party of six 2 days before christmas . it was nicely crowded we had a reservation . ww had a drink in the bar waiting for the rest of our party . great service nicely done cocktails . we were seated , had a wonderful waiter who could not be more accommodating while not hovering . food magnificent , great tastes and textures all perfectly cooked and seasoned . coming from san francisco we are restaurant and food selective . we will recommend our friends will recommend and we will most definitely go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while traveling on business , i decided to try this place since it was right next to my hotel . i ordered the sea scallops and they were unbelievably salty , almost to the point it was inedible , and the green beans were very over cooked . the only good thing about the meal was the mashed potatoes and the decent wine list . service was good and the log cabin decor is cute but i would n't eat here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was n't overly impressed with blue canyon . instead of looking rustic and vintage i thought the decor looked dirty and old . short ribs were great . i was anxiously awaiting my seafood mac'n'cheese and was very disappointed . it tasted nothing like mac'n'cheese - it was like a fish bomb went off in my mouth . not to be gross . the dessert was great and the service was excellent - we got the s'mores dessert . it was my birthday and we actually ordered one to split but there was a miscommunication and all 6 of us ended up getting our own , which we had one bite of ( oh , well ! ) . i went last august and i 'm in no rush to go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is wonderful . went to celebrate my birthday and they were amazing . service was wonderful and they even took a picture of us to remember the night . they sent it to us via mail and it was a nice photo . love the atmosphere of the place very cozy and warm . food is excellent and the server was very knowledgeable about what they offered .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am staying at the hotel next door and stopped in for a quick pint and some dinner . the beer selection was not bad , service was a+ . grabbed a chicken caesar salad to go . the salad was a good bit smaller than one would expect for $ 18.. but more importantly , i really did n't expect the chicken to have bones in it ! i 'm in town for several more days , but i 'll be eating somewhere else ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been to bc several times and enjoy the experience each time . this place is not cheap , but for the quality of food , reasonable . servers are always friendly and efficient . the sunday brunch is really great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just had our worst sunday brunch ever . our server was rude . the food selection is poor and food taste just ok comparing to the price for each person . we waited forever for the server to take our payment and we ended up with paying cash because we could not wait anymore . i would never come to this place again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "second visit , first time the place was packed , ordered the short ribs which were good after i sent them back because the food was not even lukewarm . another in our group had the chicken and sausage skillet , in which the chicken was so overcooked and dry it was inedible . server only asked about it when clearing the table , too late . last night the restaurant was not busy , ordered wedge salad and tenderloin . salad appeared tired , balsamic was so strong it was hard to eat . tenderloin ordered medium rare was over , more like medium well , and not seasoned . mashed potatoes barely warm . one glass of wine , salad , small steak with tip 60 dollars . expect flavorful hot food , disappointed again it is a lovely setting , but likely will not try again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "appetizers were good . the steaks were dry , not much flavor , and over priced . the waitress misled my girlfriend about ordering her steak . she originally asked for a $ 26 steak , but we ended up with a $ 51 steak on our bill . the waitress took no responsibility for this mixup and was rude when i asked about it . i would not go again , and i would not recommend getting any of the steaks . if you do , make sure you are 100 % clear on which one you order , some of them have similar names . and they will undoubtedly charge you for the more expensive one .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had the most amazing experience with blue canyon . we had a lunch time wedding reception in the lodge room and from the time we booked it all the way through the day of the event , the staff was accommodating and delightful . mary grace was super responsive . the ladies at the hostess stand , the servers during the lunch , the young gentleman outside and the bar tending staff ... all of them gave top notch service . now , the food . i received so many compliments on the food including multiple `` best pork chop i 've ever had '' and `` best salmon i 've ever had '' ! we will definitely be back for our future anniversaries and events . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went on a sunday night and everything was excellent . ordered a moscow mule to start . very flavorful and strong which is always nice for a $ 10 drink . ordered the double bone porkchop and my date ordered the steak with mashed potatoes . food was cooked perfectly and was delicious . will definitely be returning soon . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been there many times and service and food is typically outstanding . our last visit was not even close . our bill over $ 175 which again never minded before , but this time the waiter was completely unattentive and the food was over cooked . my husband could n't eat his steak because it tasted charred ( supposed to be medium ) & my pork chops were burnt . we would have brought it to the waiters attention but by the time we got ones attention it was a kid who asked can i take your plates ? at that point we said yes ; paid and left very disappointed . spending that kind of money you should not leave with regrets .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not being from here and the restaurant being right next to hilton garden inn , thought i would give it a try . great surprise and meal experience . lodge like environment , great beer and wine selection , and one of the best salads i have ever had ( you have to like kale and beets ) . enjoyed it and the atmosphere , especially while traveling . i will be back again tomorrow .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beautiful place with excellent food ! make reservations and ask for a window seat . blue cheese potato chips are the best ! ! ! ! lister bisque is highly recommended also any steak or fish is always fresh ! cozy place with excellent food ! if your in the area this is a must !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "happy hour is great atmosphere is great if u never tried this place try it had the shrimp flat bread it had bacon on it bacon was sooooooo under cook this was bad experience here for this meal first time maybe a new cook service was very good bartender was very attentive", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was beautiful restaurant ! we were in a private room away from the other noise and customers which was accommodated wonderfully ! we had about 13 people & had nice options starting with salad bread then an entree ( 2 choices w our big group ) & a dessert ! the dessert was amazing ! big custard like chocolate ball that melted in your mouth & i had the steak which was mediocre . but overall experience was great ! the waiter was a bit frazzled with a bigger group & was somewhat clumsy as if he was in training but we were patient ! will definitely return !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food great , waitress great , atmosphere exceptional . upon walking into the restaurant , we were initially greeted by a rude , overwhelmed hostess - not a great first impression . thankfully , the rest of the night was worth the hundred+ dollar check .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "even though the weather was terrible the night we had reservations for , in fact white out snow ! we ventured about 30 miles to the restaurant . it was packed and we were seated immediately . our waitress was cordial but somewhat hurried due to how many tables she had . the food was cooked to perfection and great portions . i would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants some atmosphere and good food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wonderful food at reasonable prices . my ravioli special was as good as any pasta i have ever had . our favorite waitress , mary , makes every meal special . she is a real delight . one bad aspect of the meal was when our server 's helper handed me my meal , instead of placing it in front of me . it shows a lack of training . mary promised to bring this up at the next staff meeting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is good but way too expensive for portion sizes . if you do n't belive me , check out some of the pictures ... the decor is different ... yeah ... very different ... they really ran with the hunter ... antlers on the wall theme which i do n't really care for . right now i 'm too concerned with getting a `` bang for my buck '' hence the name ... safe to say with unlimited dollars that i will not be back here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's a little pricey , but the atmosphere is phenomenal ... we 've been here a half dozen times over the past two years and we 've never been disappointed of anything we ordered ... the most difficulty we have is deciding what to order because it all looks great . i highly recommend reservations on the holidays and weekends . the hilton garden in is next door and a great place to stay after a great meal here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite local restaurants . my family and i have been going here for years and enjoy both the food and atmosphere . the restaurant is situated on a hill and consists of a lodge , along with a large outdoor patio area . inside is warm and inviting . my favorite dish is the lobster mac- & -cheese . the calamari with sweet ginger sauce is great for a starter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had an enjoyable evening on the patio . we ordered a flatbread to start , then i had pulled pork tacos . it was a sparse dish , the pork , more pita style tortilla and a spicy cabbage . it was missing something . i drank a limoncello cocktail , good but too much carbonation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious brunch . i 've not had the pleasure of dining here for dinner but the sunday brunch is delectable ! it was n't crowded and service was exemplary . the waiter is attentive and took the time to show us around the buffet since we were first timers . some may think that paying $ 28 for brunch is expensive for ohio but the delicious food and quality service are worth the extra bucks . i recommend it without reservation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing scallops . i actually ask to replace the lobster meat with scallops in their lobster pasta which has the best lemongrass butter sauce and fresh pasta . fantastic ! highly recommended for a special evening out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been here multiple times and always enjoy the food . my favorite is the salmon with the root beer glaze . always delicious . we always leave this place very full . great dining option in twinsburg .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is absolutely delicious . we just had our wedding reception for 75 guests and the service , attention to detail and food was incredible ! they know how to make a special event seem so seamless .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of our favorite places to eat for that special occasion . we love the decor , the wait staff is excellent , and the food is always great . i have had fish , chicken , and beef dishes over our multiple dishes and they were always prepared perfectly and served in style . the price is a bit higher than my regular place to eat kinds of places but for special occasions , it is a great place for my family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food fantastic , service fantastic , ambience fantastic . only complant is portions small . for instance , my side of vegetables , green beans , why be cheap with green beans ? the dessert portions were huge along with the appeitizer . overall it was really good and we will return . by the way always check yelp and opentable for reservations for some reason they both have different times available .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went here for their clam bake at the end of october . it was supposed to be unlimited sides with a dozen clams . our waiter was an older gentleman who rushed us through our meal and never let us get the chance to ask for seconds of the amazing clam chowder soup . we also had a horrible fruit fly problem at our table and were literally swatting them away throughout our dinner . when we alerted our waiter , he just replied that yes , there are fruit flies . he also commented on us buying a bottle of wine , chastising with `` that 's an entire bottle you know . i guess you can re-cork it when you leave . '' i am only giving it 3 stars because the food was great . everything else was strange and the fruit flies really killed the experience . i wrote up a `` comments card '' detailing all of the above but no one ever contacted me . for what we spent , i expected better service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "blue canyon features fantastic food in a laid-back lodge-style atmosphere . although to me it seems like a steak and pork chop kind of place , and despite being nowhere near any kind of salt water , blue canyon serves up some great seafood dishes , as well as one or two freshwater offerings . the place features three or four separate areas : a bar with live music at times , a `` lodge '' , a dining area , and a private room for parties . a great deal is to try the tasting menus with wine pairings . the term `` diamond in the rough '' was coined for blue canyon . ( the phone number is 330.486.blue , but yelp would not allow me to put letters in there , and i am not sure i translated it correctly )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it should be obvious , but after reading some of their reviews i see that other people have n't quite figured out that twinsburg , oh , is not exactly the logical place to order lobster or fish . it takes about 10 seconds in this hunting-lodge style venue to see that they specialize in meat . they also fall victim to weird everything-but-the-kitchen-sink appetizers , too . the flatbreads would be so much better if they edited the ingredients to something simpler and focused on great flavors . all that aside , i do think they do a pretty decent job of providing meat-and-potatoes meals . i always get the short ribs and they 're great . my husband always gets steak , and has always been very happy . in short , if you live in the area and want to have a nice meal without having to go too far , then it 's not a bad choice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we have been coming here for years and i have hosted business dinners before . tonight 's dinner disappointed and i 'm afraid it is a trend of dropping performance . we had a 7:45 friday reservation and the restaurant had already out of the fish special and dessert special ! wine glasses were not clean and water service non existent . all this at a premium price- no wonder it was n't busy . three strikes and this place is out !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "breakfast brunch with santa !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just ok , but somewhat overpriced . love the interior and view . patio is great . menu could be updated . food quality has been uneven over the years . occasionally the food is over salted .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very nice wine selections and great food ! ! enjoy the bar atmosphere ! ! always get a great service ! ! good people ! ! would highly recommend this place for a good dinning experience . thx dr md", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent seafood dishes . well worth the money . friendly staff and warm atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "superb ... from the view approaching the restaurant , the welcome at the door and the food was phenomenal . ca n't say anything else", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very happy with service and food . had small wedding reception there . beautiful room with nice views out windows . a little pricey but worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was wonderful . the servers were very nice and always asked when we needed something . i gave this a 5 star because everything was great even the building design . the food is a little higher in price but its one of those places where you get what you pay for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "once we got over fact that their advertisement was incorrect , and we could n't have a clambake , we enjoyed our meal . the braised short ribs were excellent . service good and a nice selection of desserts .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great reliable italian food ! i have been to a few carrabba 's now and though i prefer to eat local and not a chain - this place is great if you have picky dinner companions . i had the chicken serrantino ( the small order was about $ 13 dollars ) and it was one piece of chicken with eggplant on top and cheese and delish sauce ( tasted like the marsala sauce to my buds ) - yum ! i picked the mashed potato side - it was a large helping and i couldnt even finish it ! i have also had other chicken dishes here and all are wonderful . the waitress provided dough for our 6-yr-old dinner companion to play with and eat while we were waiting . very nice ! they brought her food out first which was awesome . the entire meal was so quick and efficient it is the perfect place for kids ! love it !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you are in the mood for some really good food i would highly recommend carrabbas on independance , the food is awesome as is the service . our waiter today kept our drinks filled and made sure that we had everything we needed and every other member of the staff that i came near on my way out thanked me for coming and wished me a good evening ... what a pleasant experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never a bad meal at any carrabba 's i 've ever been too . that says a lot about a company that is pretty wide spread and i 've tried at least 4 locations that i know of . i 'm partial to the chicken parm but there are several other selections that appeal to me as well . they seem to staff there restaurant with knowledgeable wait staff at all their locations as well . the bread is always fresh and hot to the table and they are very kind and kid friendly , offering to bring out the kids ' meals first ( always a good idea ! ) maybe not the most authentic italian places to eat but always the most consistent food for the money . dinner sizes are ample and normally turn into lunch for the next day : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "normally i am a huge fan of this chain . however , this is the worst restaurant i have ever been to . the calimari we ordered came out full of grease and fried batter . the waiter noah told my pregnant wife that she should drink more water because it is good for inflammation . seriously , about wanted to punch him in the face . my order was brought out with the wrong side . was told this would be fixed , never was ! ! one whole dollar was taken off our order ! ! ! food was average at best ... stay away from this location ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "gluten-free allergy sensitive this is one of my faves ! great menu with lots of gf choices and dessert too ! they do not balk at any allergy requests and seem happy to do so . i always get the mussels appetizer , the soup ( no pasta ) , and the chicken marsala.it is so big i always have lunch for the next day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have always been a fan of carrabba 's but had a really unfortunate experience here at lunchtime this past week . i will let the photo speak for itself ... yup , that 's a raw sausage . not undercooked , or rare , or cold ... completely freakin raw . fortunately we caught it before we are it , so no one got sick . yuck . : ( 2 stars because the server was nice and nobody got e. coli or wound up in the hospital .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have n't been to a carrabba 's in years but we went tonight for father 's day and it was the most amazing meal from start to finish that i have had in a really long time . we got the bruschetta for an appetizer and my husband got the lasagna for his meal and i ordered the seafood cannelloni for mine . the salad was delicious and the lentil sausage soup my husband had was amazing . we decided to keep it going and ordered dessert and coffee- both were fantastic . i forget what it was called but it was the chocolate dream dessert . it was amazing ! we were so happy we decided to go there . we went home very satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was good , place was a disgusting mess . there was chewing gum ( chewed ) on our table , dirty napkin under it . the wait staff all looked dirty and sloppy . we watched a girl try to suck up a straw wrapper with a vacuum six times before just leaving it there . how about bending down and picking it up ? she used one rag to wipe a table , then wipe seats , and then continue wiping another table . sanitary ? ? i think not . cooks were wearing beanies , ballcaps , or nothing at all . i understand this is a chain restaurant , but it is supposed to be an above average chain . i have been in waffle houses that were run in a more clean and professional manner !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really like this location . i 've never had to wait very long no matter what time i 've showed up . the staff is so friendly ; walking to our table we are greeted with `` how are you ? '' `` enjoy your meal '' i really appreciate that . the servers are usually enthusiastic , prompt , amd professional . i 've never had a problem with the food . my favorite dish here is the mezzaluna ... so delicious . the chicken parm with the garlic potatoes also always hits the spot . if there is room , i love to end my meal with the chocolate dream cake ... never had anything so `` dreamy . '' and of course on the way out we are wished a good night from the staff we pass . i always have an enjoyable experience here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the wife and i went last week . we had n't been in years . it was delicious . we had the three course meal 1 . calamari ... delicious 2 . salads ... delicous 3 . fettuccine carraba ... delicious 4 . bread ... delicious the service was very good , but i can not remember the waitress 's name .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could not love the lemon butter sauce any more than i possibly do . i only regret that i have to eat pasta with it . chicken bryan was my pre-vegetarian go-to dish , and i still lust over it when i see someone else eating it . i 've had it a ton of times , and it 's always incredibly dry , but they make up for it with the tasty marinade , the goat cheese and sundried tomatoes , and the delicious lemon butter sauce . ask for extra sauce ; you 'll want it ! i am happy to see a recent menu addition of chicken bryan pizza . the spice mix served with the complimentary bread is amazing , and i appreciate that they are always accomodating of my request for butter with the bread ( instead of oil ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "carrabba 's is great for picky eaters and chain fans who do n't love local flavor . you know you 'll get exactly what you had last time and there will be no surprises . i usually steer clear of chain restaurants , but not everyone loves local food . carabba 's has good solid service , decent food , and decent wine . it 's a tad salty for my taste , but it wo n't keep me from returning with our 'out of towners ' who trust the brand and love the product !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we made a reservation here for two on a week night . when we got there the we gave our name and the hostess said it should be about 10-20 minutes . we honestly waited about 45-50 before we went to the hostess and told her we were leaving she just said `` name ? '' we gave it and she said `` ok have a good night . '' i know this is a chain restaurant but we were pretty disappointed . maybe we will try another location but so far we have a bad taste in our mouth from that experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i finally made my first visit to carrabba 's . we did the amore monday special . it was a lot of food for a good price ( twelve ninety nine ) . i had the linguine positano with chicken . very tasty & some of it came home since it was a good sized portion . next time i had the chicken marsala - another good meal . they had a free order of meatballs to go this day so i had the meatballs the next day . i did n't care for them that much - too much garlic & seasoning . if you want good meatballs , go to enzo 's on stallings down the road . we had good service both times we went .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here for a large birthday party on a sunday afternoon . there were about 20 of us . when we arrived they already he the table set up nicely . there were two servers working with our group and they were very nice and accommodative . they were prompt with orders and getting food out , as well as checking up with us . the food was very tasty . i ordered linguini with white clam sauce and was happy with my portion and the flavorful . the clams were tiny , but good . the price was more than it should 've been in my opinion , however . the bread and evoo and balsamic was delightful . overall . good experience , clean restaurant , nice atmosphere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been there so many times . love the food but there is one waitress that is very slow and you kind of feel like your being ignored . her name begins with a v. i have had here twice . the 1st time i put up with it thinking it was a bad day.. but again today , her servive was poor ... ..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the only reason this location got two stars was because the first time we ate here , we were actually acknowledged - but the service was still sub-par . today , we went in to have a late lunch , walked in to the host stand and there was n't anyone there . thinking they were seating other guests , we waited ... and waited . the bartender could see we were standing there but did n't acknowledge us either . the manager ended up going to the bar to talk to the bartender , had a small conversation , then went to the back . after 6-7 minutes , we left . consider having staff that is attentive . i love carrabba 's , but i may not come back to this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very good ! we had zucchini fries as an appetizer and they came with a rich delicious garlic sauce . husband had chicken parm and broccoli and i had a caesar salad with chicken that was outstanding . we had the chocolate brownie for dessert , brownie portion was ok , chocolate topping was great . our waiter was christian and he was phenomenal ! ! he was so mannerly and efficient and kept bringing me teas which makes him # 1 in my book ! very professional .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this establishment has a fun atmosphere , but the waiting times on saturdays are at least 1.5-2 hours long . we decided to come on a sunday evening around 5 pm . there were n't a lot of people , but the food took almost 45 mins-1 hr long to receive and we were sitting right in front of the kitchen !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have never been a fan of franchise food chains but i must admit this one is pretty good . they have an interesting seasonal drink menu that is n't super overpriced and the food is decent , not memorable but decent enough to know i would go back if it were one of few restaurants in the area . the prices are great and portions are n't overwhelming as they tend to be in chain restaurants . good bread and olive oil to keep you busy during the brief wait before your food arrives and if you want , they will keep it coming .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love , love , love this place my family and i are here on a weekly basis . we know a lot of the staff and they feel like family . my favorite is the chicken marsala and chicken bryant with a side of mezzaluna i get it all the time . my daughter has eaten her way through the menu . for this to be a chain it is authentically delicious . we have eaten and carrabbas in other states and still the quality of food did n't change that is a true sign of quality control . my other daughter loves the veal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good been going here for years since my mom was around used to come here for family get togethers . unusually slow for a friday night . need a simple menu for simple items like spaghetti or ziti or shells . manicotti things like that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "same great carrabba 's food ! friendly staff and dedicated takeout area which makes pickups really easy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went to carrabas for our 39th wedding anniversary . we have gone to this restaurant for years . my daughter made a reservation online and one of the questions was , is this a special occasion . she put in that it was our anniversary . we got there and our server was so unfriendly that it made our dinner uncomfortable . her name was nicole and she was so bothered by us that i just wanted to leave . when dinner was over she asked if we wanted dessert . i kind of thought that we might get a cupcake with a candle since it was our anniversary and we had chosen carrabas as our special place , but no . my husband said he did n't enjoy our anniversary dinner at all because it was such an unpleasant experience dinner with nicole . what a shame ! we ca n't get it back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the setting was very nice and pleasant . the walls had an embossed greek knot trim . the entry floor has glass pnels for a view into the wine celler . the decor was blue and white . the food was all tasty , and the service was pleasant . the pastichio was the closest to yaya 's that i 've ever had in a restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we decided to try the shrimp appetizer it was good and i tried the shrimp and scallop linguine i did n't care for the dish much the shrimp and scallops were over cooked and the over all portion size was small . she had the sirloin and crab cake and the sirloin was ordered medium but it was well done ... over all a decent meal but i would n't go there again", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is great and so is the atmosphere . some food comes out cold or too hot . i love how the lights dim when it gets late . the food is reasonably priced", "score": "3"}
{"review": "to be honest i was n't excepting much out of this trip since i am not big on chains . i went with a large group from work and i think most people were satisfied with their meals . i will say they did do a good job serving our large group . i ordered the caesar salad with salmon since i felt that was a pretty safe think but i could n't believe for the $ 5 extra to add the salmon ( which made the salad $ 15 ! ) the piece was so small and pretty dry ! their lunch deals they had were a lot of food and great deal so i would stick with those !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "our experience was horrible when we picked up our food ! they did not season the chicken at all and the sauce was very plain ! ! ! they only gave us one of our salads , our meals came with one each totaling , two ! i called the manager he lied and said he would send me a gift card to make it up to us , but it has been three and half weeks , still nothing to justify the rip off of meal we purchased ! ! safe your energy and time , eat somewhere else !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had an excellent time at this location . the restaurant was very clean and the staff was great . my fianc\u00e9 was having trouble deciding on an entr\u00e9e and our server was able to recommend an `` off menu '' version of the 2 things we were trying to pick between . a+ service . we will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would n't say it 's fine dining but i will say if you would like a good meal with an italian flair , fair price and good service , carrabbas is the place to go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't know why but for some reason they like to load up their soups and entries with salt .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great food , great staff , very nice atmosphere , and reasonably priced . this place has been consistently pleasant . i highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as always this carraba 's always aim 's to please and this last trip was no different . great food , great atmosphere , and great service . a winning combination . now if they would just get `` red oak '' on tap . that might change my mind to 5 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a friend and i had lunch here today . it was a very good choice ! their lunch specials are just right for a noon meal . hearty but light , the soup and salad option was filling and delicious . the hot , crusty bread accompanying our meal was a perfect complement . the sausage and lentil soup was a little spicy but not overwhelmingly so . my companion had the minestrone which i could see was thick with vegetables . our salads were crisp and fresh and portioned appropriately for lunchtime . or waitress was very courteous and efficient . she checked back with us several times to refill our beverages . she also packed our leftovers and bagged them to take with us . as we left we both complimented the host and e cel lent dining experience we 'd enjoyed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "waited a really long time to be seated for a mediocre birthday dinner . i ordered some sort of shrimp pasta plate . our meal was a long time coming after being seated . my shrimp had gone bad ... really bad , so i ordered something meatless . the replacement dish took so long to arrive that i ended up eating part of my wife 's i only had a limited amount of time before an event i had to be at and could n't wait any longer for my meal . my daughter did n't finish her plate & my wife was underwhelmed by hers ( same thing i had ) . it just tasted bland to me . there are too many alternatives in this town to wait 40 minutes on `` meh '' entrees that are not inexpensive ! that 's what makes the world go round though . some people swear by this chain . just not my thing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "some of my favorites are the chicken parmesan , the chicken bryan and the five cheese ravioli . also , i like that they have small and big portions . my only complaint is that the tables in the booth are slanted . other than that , carraba 's is a good place for good food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the chicken bryan and ceasar salad ! servers are ok . they seem over worked on weekends .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really do love this place , even though it 's a chain and i do n't eat pasta ! on the most recent trip i had a delicious sirloin steak , which , ironically , was the most economical dinner on the menu . ( my favorite -- everybody 's fav -- of course is the chicken bryan . ) the servers are always pleasant , and their martinis are great . love the bartenders !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "currently here and today 's dinner is hit and miss . the fettuccine was dry , chicken was moist . my husband enjoyed his spaghetti . requested extra alfredo sauce . it took over 5 minutes to get sauce which caused my pasta to become cold . ordered dessert , apple crostada . it was delicious ! without requesting , the manager credited us for the apple crostada as it took a long time as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "carrabba 's is a very good italian restaurant . the last time we wanted to go though , we ended up leaving . it was really busy for a monday night surprisingly , and the wait time was like 40 minutes for a party of 2 . next time we want to come , we 'll make a reservation . the food is good though , and so is the waiter service . the hostess was rude the last time we came in . i would go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fast service , lentil and spicy italian sausage soup was yummy . main course was salmon , scallops and shrimp `` the damian '' , sauces were great not heavy and seafood cooked just right .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been going there over25 years . still my favorite . have never been disappointed . ( huntersville )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while in town i stopped here for a sunday lunch . this is a newer design for carrabba 's . decor is more streamlined with photographic prints instead of the typical `` italian '' theme . service was on point on this day . everything happened in an efficent manner - the server taking my order , salad and bread delivered to the table , entree , and beverage refills . i had the chicken parmigiana . liked the flavor of the chicken . very filling portion . i was impressed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent service and very good food . garrett our server was fantastic . extremely attentive . order was perfect . super friendly and helpful . i will go back just for him . the food was very tasty . i had the spaghetti and meat sauce . delicious ... we had appetizers , soup , dessert . all was amazing . i had n't eaten at a carrabas before and will definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food at carrabba 's is rarely a disappointment , and at this location it is no different . the service we received from our waiter matt was absolutely great . he is truly one of the best servers i have ever had at any restaurant . the food was nice and delicious , and although it was extremely busy we got everything in a timely manner , and never needed for a refill .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i visited the matthews location last evening and was very displeased with the service and the food . food was dry and over cooked explained that to the server and the management team and no one seemed to care . i got a to-go order for my wife at home and the order came out wrong . also the server asked four different times how to split the bill after 15 mins of waiting i went to the manager and asked what the hold up was with no explanation . then after they took my card it took a additional 15 mins to get my card back . we have never had such terrible experience at carrabbas . we come there constantly for dinner family functions and special events . we travel from monroe pass other establishments because normally the service food and atmosphere are top notch . talking with servers and other employees it seems to happen a lot lately . i 'm just concerned that if i return i will have a similar experience . thank you for taking the time to read this email and i hope you have a great day .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went there for a drink and to try stuffed meatball.seated at bar got drinks and cold bread.bartender white guy with beard never said a word and was very unfriendly , asked about stuffed meatball pushed a menu at me and pointed.allways had great service and food , we paid for drinks and left no tip.he acted like he did not want to be there.not my problem.we will be back though .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "once was my favorite place to eat , but now the food is just sad , hardley even any on the plate and its also has become very overpriced . for 50-60 bucks i 'll go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "on valentines day i put my pick up order in at 7:30 pm . i was told it was a 40 minute wait . knowing it 's a busy holiday i gave them and extra 20 minutes . all i got was 2 spaghetti dinners and a pizza . instead of having common courtesy and calling me to tell me my food would n't be ready at that time i go there and was told my food is n't ready and they wo n't know how much longer it 's going to be . so 2 hours later a get a burnt pepperoni pizza , chicken fetacchini that was suppose to have mushrooms and peas with 2 slices of chicken and pasta with a plum tomato sauce covered in pepper . it was barely enough food to feed my 3 year old daughter . they did give me my meal for free because if i had to pay $ 60 for that i would 've refused it . very disappointed in service food and simpler consideration of not picking up a phone to make me aware of the situation ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just love this place . the waiters are so friendly and really seem to care about whether you 're happy . and we always are . : ) i especially like that there are always some great veggies to choose , rather than a salad and potato . i had the garlic spinach and zucchini last night with chicken bryan ... . yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered take out for the family , and over an hour and 10 minutes later our order is still not ready . i 'm still not sure why it is taking so long on a take out order . once we received our food an hour and 20 minutes later and returned home , we found our $ 8 dessert was missing . when we called to have the missing dessert removed , they tell us they do n't do that . hmm , must be nice to not have to return money for goods not provided . thanks for robbing us of our time and money , even if it was $ 8 . we wo n't be back . we suggest others do n't do take out at the very least .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great food , great bread been going there for years it is just a family crave tradition .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a great experience from start to finish . our server christian was so pleasant , if only all our experiences could be the same . we ordered the fettuccine carraba and rigatoni campagnolo . large portions and very delicious . will be back soon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just wanted to take a minute to describe how positive my experience was at this carrabbas . i dined here with my husband and was greeted politely and seated quickly . i was promptly served and checked on frequently . the manager made a personal visit to my table and asked specifically about the feature my husband was having for dinner . we left the restaurant with pleasant thoughts . two days later i realized i misplaced my louis vuitton bag , a gift i got for christmas . after searching for a day straight , i called carrabbas as a last resort and of course it was there . it 's great to go to place that is friendly , has great food , and has friendly honest employees .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love carraba 's food , especially the mezzaluna and the chicken bryan . they have a full bar and their service is great . the only bad thing i can think of is the wait for a table . the wait is long , always it seems .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love it here . food made to order , except for soup . accommodating to special requests . been here many times and never had a bad experience . sit at the grill side and you may get some free samples : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i try not to write reviews about chains , but hey , the food is good , service was great , and all for a decent price . if you go on amore mondays you can get an app , soup or salad , and an entree for $ 12.99 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a gift card and decided to use at carrabbas ( other choices are bonefish or outback ) . we were pleasantly surprised that the food was as good as it was , with it being a chain restaurant ! two orders of chicken fingers for the kids , spaghetti for the side , mezzaluna ravioli for me , and chicken arugula with spaghetti for the husband . it was all really good - my older son ca n't wait to go back . patrick was our waiter and he was awesome ... ... ... .have n't had such good service in years . will definitely be back another day . side note : we did call ahead and were seated ahead of people that were waiting , which was great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family has been going to dr malik for 15+ years . he is very professional and thorough in his examinations . his selection of eyewear varies from affordable to trendy . his staff is very courteous and knowledgeable with insurance . we have always walked away feeling very satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming to see dr. malik for years and refer all my friends he is so great ! he is friendly , informative , thorough , and prompt . i have seldom waited more than 10 minutes to be seen which is unheard of with a dr. his staff is also super friendly and very helpful . the whole experience is nothing like your typical dr visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i have been patients of dr. malik for some years now . he is bar none the coolest and most competent od i 've ever had . the new office at summerlin centre is beautiful and has an even better selection of awesome eye glass frames as well as sunglasses . the staff is always helpful and friendly and we do n't dread our yearly eye exams . i would n't go anywhere else in las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "reason for stars : i hosted a meeting here and needed to be close to the 401 . the facility was not all that clean but it served my purpose . we got a large suite in the hotel and it was fair but again , nothing special . if you can get it for a great price , great . if you want bang for your buck , keep on looking . rooms : fair . location : close to 401 . value : fair", "score": "2"}
{"review": "boooked a room to come swimming with my son ... we have had several problems already with this hotel in the smoking rooms ( like bloody towels in the closet and windows that do n't close ) but i figured since we were in a non smoking room maybe it would be better . nope ! gross mildew and rust all over the tub ... ..and when we checked in nobody told us that the pool was not working ! ! ! what a dump ! ! ! never again ! and the head of front desk is a serious dick ! now editing this review to let you know my 6 year old son just found garbage under the bed ... ..nice", "score": "1"}
{"review": "turn away while you can . hallways look like they have n't been vacuumed in a week , filthy pieces of garbage all over the carpets . how ironic is it that the fire alarm in my non-smoking room that reeks of cigarettes kept me up with a light blinking super bright right over my bed ? there 's no room service menus , so maybe no room service ( ? ) and the elevators take 8 minutes at least to come to you when you press for them . thank god i can leave here for the westin down the street for the remainder of my stay in toronto .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the location for being in the east end of toronto is great as it 's just right off the highway . adequate parking but you have to pay for it - which i 'm very surprised about as the parking lot was huge . service was friendly and everyone was very helpful . we were upgraded to a suite as we were travelling with our puppy . love that the hotel is pet friendly ! the hotel is due for an upgrade renovation as the room needed some work and so did the furnishings in the public areas . but the price is worth it especially for the location if you are staying out in scarborough . will return back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "location is optimal for those travelling , but certainly not for those who really want to visit and definitely not for those who are using public transport . parking is $ 9.04 including tax , an extra charge that is just another way of soaking the customer , because almost everyone who goes here needs parking . very little in the neighbourhood and you will need a car to get to almost anything . the room was fine . the amenities were fine . not enough coffee pods in the room , though . the sleep number beds were okay , but could n't see the numbers because that had burnt out . quiet except for the hallways which had a loud buzz . no odour problems , no mould problems , clean bathroom , clean room .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i did not enjoy my stay here , as a business traveler expecting a reasonably nice hotel . the hotel felt shabby , and the parking lot did not feel safe . i took all my luggage inside to guard against theft . the room itself had a big scratch on the closet door , the hook on the bathroom was bolted on , lopsided , with some weird kind of bolt . the room was stiflingly hot , but there was a note by the thermostat to the effect that in the winter you would only get heat from the unit , so leave it off if you want it cooler . will not return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "large comfy rooms , service was very nice , staff was very respectful and nice . the breakfast was amazing . room was nice and clean fresh sense . bathroom was very clean , and spotless . i had the best 2 nights sleep when i was at the hotel that i have n't had in a very long time . i did n't get a chance to check out the pool or workout room , but i saw a glimpse and they looked really nice and clean as well . would definitely recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again . i just wish they had a bigger business center and not be right in the middle of the lobby . but that did n't even bother me . they had a microwave in the room , and a fridge which was great cause when i had left over room i got to keep it nice a cool and warm it up . staff were super nice ! the price we paid was excellent for this hotel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stayed here with my mom while she was working , and it wasnt all that pleasant . there wre stains on our pillows and a hole in our duvet cover with hair in and on it and were missing a couple light bulbs in our lamps too . also our floor claimed to be non smoking but the whole 4th floor smelled like smoke or a musty smell either way it wasnt good . we stayed in room 414 and it has 2 double beds in it and it 's very cramped . i 'm sure there are better places in the area to stay .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the room keys did n't work to start with , had to go to reception to get them activated . even though the hotel has non smoking rooms , our room smells like smoke ... not too strong but still ... . yuk ! this is my first impression as soon as i came into the room . oh well , it 's only for a night . not coming back here for sure . i should blame priceline.com for adding this as 3 1 2 stars place . haha . you get what you paid for ... .i guess . pick a different place ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stayed here for work again . my mom came with me and when we arrived it was a little gross ... the table u pull out was not cleaned and dirty . we found hair on top of t table n also on the night stand . i did n't complain and just wiped it . i asked for a fridge and they dropped it off in our room by the time we got there . that was nice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "amazing hotel . we stayed here for a 5 days and we really enjoyed the stay . first thing the service is good but not great because we had a bad experience of shower water not draining off quickly . we informed it happens again . other than that things were fantastic . lovely hotel with great view . man really loved those morning and evenings . would recommend to all . nearest access to 401 hwy . all the major shops are nearby . but if you do n't have vehicle it 's bit hard for waking there . you have fairview mall nearby in 6 min drive . banks atms everything . breakfast biggest was amazing and really thank those servers . they are amazing . good parking lot and calm ambience . no issues whatsoever and easy check in and checkout . they have pool and vending machines and atm inside the hotel and must say we really enjoyed the stay and definitely recommend to all those who liking for staying at toronto east area . would recommend to all ..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "guy at desk was sleeping and he did n't pick up the phone when i called 3 times . in my eyes that is just horrible customer service . if i slept a the my work o would .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "usually it is the people with bad experiences that are po 'd enough to write reviews . i am sure there are many more that have had good experiences that do n't both to yelp . i moved from vancouver to toronto in 2012 and the process and service was great . most of the reviews here seem to be able `` conditions '' that they ignored or were not aware of ... like fuel policy . i had no issue with it . fill it ... period . go to a gas station , fill it and drop it off . simple . the truck was running when i arrived and the place was closed too . so what ? i checked the truck and drove away . in fact , i plan to use this company again when i move back to vancouver from toronto this year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was horrible . they sent my friend out with a truck that had mechanical and electrical problems . it took us all day to get the proper truck and they would not even refund the gas money we spent going back-and-forth . i think the only good reviews this place gets his from its owners themselves .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't even touch this company . i got a good price for a container move from toronto to edmonton . less than 24 hours before i was to take possession they cancel on me and then tell me they do n't have anything available for the near future . best they could do is offer me one of their trucks for the same rate to drive myself ! utter garbage ! spend a little more money and book with a more reputable and reliable company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a minor driveway repair needed after the plumber cut a 6 '' strip to run a new pipe . ken responded quickly to my inquiry for a repair . he was able to give me a quote after i sent him a photo of what needed to be repaired , and he visited the following day to complete the repair . it was a simple request and repair , but ken was responsive and did a good job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ken 's masonry repaired my block wall . they did a great job . ken was professional and wanted to make sure that we pleased with the work when it was completed . i highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ken and his crew did an excellent job repairing the brick on the front of my house . everything matches perfectly . you can really tell they take pride in the work they do . i will highly recommend ken 's masonry ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently hired ken 's masonry and was more than pleased by his work , but i was most impressed with his no-nonsense attitude and honest pricing . he kept me informed every step of the way , so there were no surprises about what it would cost , and he made it clear from the start that i do n't pay until i 'm happy with the work . i appreciate that kind of integrity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ken and his team did a great job on our rv gate , we were in a crunch moving in to our new house and needed access to our back yard in order to have the garage empty for storage . unfortunately , the existing rv gate was not wide enough to get our trailer through . called ken on thursday and he returned the message a few hours later . his price was fair and he was able to get started the next day . ken had the opening widened , new column and new rv gates all done by saturday and it looks perfect . we have a picky hoa so they had to match what was previously installed , the gates and new block stucco match up just right . ken even came back on sunday to dial in the gates a little better because he was n't happy with the gap , honestly something that i would't have noticed but he wanted to make sure it was up to his standards .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ken helped us find a great solution for our wood fireplace refacing . he was not only prompt in his response , but very helpful and professional . will definitely keep him in our roller deck for future work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "11 27 2016 ken and his crew created a beautiful flagstone patio for us ! they created a border around our yard as well as updating our walkway . ken has a great eye for detail . he kept us well informed the entire way through . he is a man of integrity . he is very honest and he sticks to his price . this is the second time i have hired him for a project . we will use him again in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hired kens masonary to repair my block wall . he and his crew worked very hard and they were very professional . he made sure i was very happy with the work before he required payment . a few weeks later i noticed a little crack in my block wall and i called him . he came right out and fixed it . i would highly recommend this company for your block wall repairs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "out of date time apple pies . fish sandwich covered in sauce both inside the bun , outside the bun and in the box . not good ! complained about cold fries they replaced them with more cold fries .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tried the new and widely advertised artisan chicken sandwich . save your money and do n't waste your time . the chicken was paper thin and only covered about half the bun . the tomato was thicker than the piece of chicken . we usually only get the ice cream products for the kids , but thought i would give them chance since i have n't eaten had a mcdonald 's location in three plus years . guess i 'll wait another three years ... ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish no stars was a possibility . what a horrendous experience . avoid at all costs ! starving is better than coming here . you 've been warned !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to this resturant after i read yelp reviews ! i mean seriously this resturant got almost 5 stars ! i ordered lamb biryani and nano bread and some appetizers , the nano is ok , the lamb biryani was terrible , it tasted like it was cooked one week ago , and was warmed up 10 times . the staff are friendly though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "terrible experience . my wife and i got diarrhea after eating here . i do not know how to complain about this . food was n't great either as i have tried a lot of indian food around . ambience was pathetic as compared to the menu price ( unchanged from an old rustic diner ) . lack servers and the cashier server was hesitant to give a bowl box for curry , had to explain him how liquid curry will pour out of the box and how it requires a bowl . will never go there again of course .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a very tasty lunch buffet with good vegetarian options and it 's not too spicy . they served me some of the lightest and freshest naan i 've ever had .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic food - perfectly spiced paneer and chicken tika masala . excellent naan and paratha . service was friendly , prompt and efficient . prices were extremely reasonable - portions nicely sized . hopefully beer and wine will be coming soon ! we will be returning for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having recently turned vegetarian for health reasons , i wondered if the paneer tikka masala could be half as good as their chicken tikka masala , which was the best i 've had from england to nyc to phx . well , no need to worry because it was superb ! smooth and creamy , the dish melts in your mouth . there are numerous vegetarian options . i strongly suggest samosas to start , and you ca n't go wrong with their saag palak , chana masala , either of the dahls , the yummy okra dish , or the aloo gobi with savory cauliflower and potatoes . add rice and garlic naan and you will have a delicious meal . take some home too cuz it 's even better the next day ! friendly and courteous staff , and the owner usually stops by every table .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the spices were very vibrant in each dish and definitely excited my palette as i have never had food like this before . although i 've never been to india , this is what i would imagine the authentic cuisine to taste like . i enjoyed everything at this quaint buffet . from the tandoori chicken to the curry , the flavor profiles were bursting with uniqueness ! do n't sleep on this quaint indian restaurant !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great reviews from others led us here for lunch on a sunday . they 've only been open a couple of months , and have daily lunch buffet ( not just weekdays ) . we have tried a couple of other indian buffets in phoenix and were not terribly impressed by the food . my meal today was ridiculously delicious , prices inexpensive and service was outstanding . we will be back and bring friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite indian food in the phoenix area ! incredibly tasty and authentic food , hearty portions , and great service . prices are also very reasonable . if you are an indian food lover , definitely try this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my fianc\u00e9 and i tried this place for the first time tonight and it was delicious . definitely one of our new favorite places . we had the tandoori chicken which was to die for and they specially made mushroom saag for me . the service was excellent as well . we will be back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i normally am not very inclined to provide reviews ... but this one stands out . i was debating on whether to give one or two stars ... . i once had food at a worse place ... but that would have earned no stars at all . from the mango lassi to paneer tikka masala , chiken kadai ... everything i had was n't good . i had gone there after looking up 4 stars in yelp from 54 reviews ... well i guess sometimes yelp reviews can be way off the mark . i have had my dinner more than 5 hrs back ... and i am still burping .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i think this might be the best indian food i have had in phoenix . the only reason i am not giving it five stars , is because i ordered a rum and coke and it was eight dollars . the food was off the hook though . service was excellent . highly recommend . when i go back , maybe they will lower their drink prices , and i 'll change this to five stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here for their buffet lunch . i think over all their food was ok . i had their goat curry and it was too salty for my taste . their garlic naan was pretty burnt so it added a bitter taste . service was good . but overall i do n't think i 'll come here again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i visited nandini for the lunch buffet . this place was delicious and had great veggie options . the garlic naan is to die for ( truly amazing , my rating is as high as it is because of the naan ) . the owner was very nice , constantly checking in on us ( that could be both a pro or a con , depending on what you like ) and clearing plates the second we finished our food . however , my boyfriend had severe stomach issues following our experience there . as i 've noticed is the issue with many indian places , there really was a lack of labeling . that makes it hard for anyone with dietary restrictions , or someone that is n't familiar with indian cuisine , to try all the delicious food . it was also rather empty , which got a little uncomfortable at some points . i will be back to try the dinner and will update my review accordingly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well ... this is not in our plan for saturday lunch . since our planned place is closed we are forced to go here for lunch buffet . all i noticed and experienced is the place is having very less no of options in the buffet .they charge 11.99 $ on weekends , yet no much bling on their menu . we are not satisfied with the food quality as the flavored rice and garlic naan they offered is too bad and it is easily seen that the chef is no where interested working on the weekend : - ) . i would not go again and would not even recommend my friends .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "downgrading my initial review substantially . they were not prepared to effectively accommodate take out orders on the phone ( person answering the phone was unaware of whether or not she was capable of taking orders , and settled on not ) , or when i arrived . the restaurant was empty again , i suspect there is a reason . they got my 2-item order 50 % wrong and 100 % unsatisfying - `` aloo mutter '' is apparently potatoes and peas in the same curry sauce as vegetable korma . no . the `` vegetables '' in the korma itself consisted a tiny handful of chopped cauliflower and 10 peas , and 2 shreds of red pepper . the charge for rice was n't new , but worsened my overall impression . the semi grumpy old man standing at the bar reading the menu , wearing embarrassingly ill fitting clothes , and failing to acknowledge the customer in any way , was also completely unwilling or unable to assist the order process - and clearly it was in need of help . sad to say we wo n't be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we ordered off the menu around 5pm . chai tea was awful . food was ok . hot for medium . service sucked no plates cleaned off the table . samosa were good but picture shows four and only two come out on an order . maybe the buffet is a better experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i live in phoenix and do n't make it to tempe often , so this was my first time visiting nandini with my girlfriend . the place was pretty empty when we arrived but a few more couples stopped in while we were there . we went with saag chicken and tikka masala chicken , and some garlic naan as well . every part of our meal exceeded our expectations . each item in our meal was packed with flavor and cooked perfectly . the owner suggested we go with medium spice which was a great choice , not too spicy at all . they even gave us a complimentary order of gulab jamun for dessert ! we went for dinner , but how can you beat a $ 6.99 lunch buffet ? highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food and service ! chicken and shrimp tiki masala was sublime ! garlic naan melts in your mouth and was an ideal companion with the tiki masala ! another great find ! thank you groupon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went today with the family as we were craving indian food . ending up doing their lunch buffet . they had a great selection of the usual lamb , chicken , and vegetarian dishes . my personal favorites of all the ones i tried was the paneer shahi and the chicken tikka masala . these two dishes accompanied by their garlic naan was delicious . very garlicky and not too oily ( some other restaurants make their naan with quite a bit of lard ) . the only thing that i could really ding this place on was the cleanliness . the linens looked like they had n't been laundered in years ( and were quite dirty ) and some of the `` clean '' dishes i grabbed for on going to the buffet table was n't actually clean . overall , i would definitely say give this place a chance based on the indian cuisine but would really recommend you bring some wet wipes to clean your table beforehand .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was not disappointed ! ! my husband and i found nandinis in our entertainment book ( we 're always looking for great indian so we were excited to try it out ) . it was awesome ! it is a tad pricey , but the food and service was great . we 'll definitely be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went on labor day so it was quiet and a little slow . the food was was below average in my opinion . i have been to most of the indian food buffets in the east valley and have a pretty good understanding of the cuisine . also , the buffet was a dollar more then advertised on `` their '' website . basically , not much attention to detail here , try another place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we were looking for indian cuisine following our evening at the botanical garden . i have not had good indian cuisine since moving back to the states in 2009 and this restaurant was hands down incredible ! everything was traditional , traditionally made in the clay oven , exquisite flavors in every bite . i highly recommend this place . this will be our go to now for indian cuisine from here on out . we had the papadums with chutney which i could n't stop eating . the garlic and buttered naan were absolutely perfect in flavor and texture . we shared the traditional chais , the chicken korma , the chicken vindaloo and the basmati rice and all of it was cooked to perfection and tasted amazing . ca n't believe we were so lucky to find such an incredibly hospitable and excellent restaurant to include the owners and we hope to pass it on to everyone we know . do not allow the one or two bad reviews to convince you to miss out on this awesome food and service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible food . food did n't taste fresh and looked like it was cooked the previous day . taste and spices were way off . got naan when i was about to finish the food and was burnt . worse buffet i had in life .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "found this on yelp and took a chance for dinner . it paid off -- the food was super good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! the tandoori chicken was delicious and service was excellent ! best indian food in the valley !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i are always looking for a good indian buffet and we def found one ! fresh , delicious , and a friendly staff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very delicious food and friendly service ! i typically get the paneer tikka masala , and i 'm not disappointed . we frequently get dinner togo from here and they are always very pleasant and spark conversations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent , i was craving curry chicken . this place was so delicious , we also ordered chicken tandoori , plain and garlic naan they gave us an extra garlic naan . it was exactly what i had been craving for . delivery was faster than predicted . nom nom nom .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "curry dishes are great . the curry goat was was well seasoned and not too spicy . still not a fan of the buffet but ordering from the menu during dinner was a much better experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best indian buffet in town by far ! especially when you consider cost . it 's 6.99 for a full lunch buffet ! i have gone to quite a few of them but this one is the best . the service was fantastic and the food was fresh and delicious . from the mango lasse to the unlimited naan to the biryani and tikka masala , my friends and i ate to our hearts ' content . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love their lunch time buffet for just $ 10 . the bread is awesome too . environment is casual , very simple and clean . highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had indian food before , i thought it was pretty good ! we had good service , i only wish there had been more to the dishes besides lots of sauce and a few chunks of meat . i would have loved some veggies with the dishes we ordered .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite lunch spots . recently renovated , but the delicious food remains . the staff is friendly , service is fast but i never feel rushed . i highly recommend stopping by to check out the lunch buffet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to be honest everything is kinda cold and i 've had way better at new indian gate . service is also slow .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we came here for lunch with a groupon . we ate off of the regular menu ( instead of the lunch buffet so we could use the groupon ) . everything was absolutely fantastic . the waiter was wonderful , attentive and brought us a bit of an appetizer and dessert ( on the house ) . the prices are right on . the daily ( yes , even weekends ) lunch buffet looked very substantial and yummy . it is only $ 6.99 -- -i ca n't wait to come back and try it . spread the word -- -you have to visit nandini if you are into indian food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to nandini 's several times now and have genuinely enjoyed every visit . the staff are always welcoming , friendly , and attentive . we usually go for the lunch buffet , it has consistently been fresh and delicious . the chicken korma and chicken curry are family favorites . we also like to order the onion kulcha - it is excellent . it is a comfortable , casual place to hang out with friends and family for a wonderful plate of indian food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here . my husband and i stopped for lunch . buffet lunch . the food was really good and the staff was nice . not a huge variety of food . the chicken tikka masala was awesome . the saag was a litter bitter but still very good . the slightly bitter saag is the only reason for the 4 stars and the building was a typical strip mall building . not dirty but a little worn .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first off , have you ever been kicked out of a restaurant while you were eating because they were closing ? normally i get hints but never asked to just leave the place before i 'm done eating . anyways , the food is so so , not incredible as far as indian cuisine goes . the service was terrible , the waiter host was unfriendly , slow , and definitely hates working there or hates his job . the walls , tables , plates , dinner linens were filthy . i saw roaches in the restroom so as mediocre as the food was who knows what might actually be in tikka masala . very unfriendly environment , if you are n't really out for a dinner or lunch experience and just want so so food , this might be ok but otherwise i would n't recommend it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "though i 've gone back for the lamb boti tikka masala 2x now , i also have enjoyed the other dishes i 've tried , like the bhindi masala ( that 's another one i 'll have to repeat ) and the dal tadka . the garlic naan and mango lassi were good , too . i 've always ordered takeout , so i ca n't comment on the wait staff , but the manager has always been very prompt , personable , and friendly when i 've come in . the dining area is clean , and there 's a buffet and a full bar for those who like that kind of thing in an indian restaurant . i just keep going back because the people are nice and down to earth , and the food is yum . and if you say you want it spicy , they will make it so .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh my goodness the food was so wonderful at this place ! and the service was sublime . we will be returning as the food was delicious ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fraudulent business practices . nandini 's website clearly states on the home page that the buffet is $ 8.99 every day . however , we were charged $ 11.99 per person instead . when i spoke to the manager he said that the price is higher because it includes soft drinks ( which we did not even have ) . there was no menu stating prices , nor was there any mention of an up charge . the bill simply came at a highly inflated price . this business is not honest and we will not be returning for this fact alone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what a wonderful experience ! sunil was our amazing kind , informative and generous server and soon to be friend : - ) . he gave us a tour of the amazing lunch buffet served on saturday sunday which left us totally impressed for variety and superb favors ! numerous lamb , chicken and vegetarian options complete with naan , desserts a variety of complimentary beverages with an additional weekend bonus of a beer or glass of champagne ..all included for an amazing price of $ 11.99 ! we will most certainly be back : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic new indian restaurant tucked away in a tempe strip mall . had the lunch buffet and everything was amazing from the food to the service . i definitely recommend this place ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm giving it 5 stars because even at the very end of their buffet time the food was still wonderful and flavorful . additionally for 3 adults the bill came to $ 22.70 ! the garlic naan was yummy and there was a nice variety at the buffet . complimentary mango lassi and chai tea . clean restaurant that could be good for groups . will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were traveling thru town and wanted indian food . we definitely were not disappointed . the butter chicken , tika masala and chicken tika were very tasty . we had an ample amount of food with great naan . the service was very friendly and attentive . would definitely recommend this restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited this place initially when they re-christened as nandini . quality in lunch buffets can go south but at nandini when i visited the following were what i found to be turn offs : 1 . they served rice in a cooker ( could have changed over time ) 2 . the naans were extremely greasy and charred 3 . almost all the curries i tried were greasy and bland i hope they have will improve and serve better food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food is definitely amazing . and i would absolutely eat here again . but , just a little upset . i ordered for a to go , and had someone else pick it up . when i got to it i realized they added items to my order , and i was charged for them . also , to go food was half what you get in the restaurant , yet not half the price you pay ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "chicken curry was good ! my nan bread was a bit burnt but overall this has been the best place to get indian food around phoenix .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went around 6pm and were the only ones in the restaurant . our waiter was very attentive and friendly . he was helpful ordering from the menu . the food was super yummy . it was n't as spicy as i usually like , but flavor wise it was fabulous . it was reasonably priced for the amount of food we got . i will definitely go back and check out the lunch buffet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best ! great food , cozy seating ... .smells wonderful as you walk through the door ! the chicken curry was fab .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "large variety of both vegetarian and meat dishes , which we need as a couple with one vegetarian and one meat-eater . we ended up with the tandoori chicken and malai kofta . both were excellent . medium level of spice was about right for us ; i was glad i had n't gone for the next level . the malai kofta does not come with rice so when the waiter recommends it you should get it . garlic naan was fresh , and the vegetable samosas were perfect . my favorite thing , though , was the mango lassi . just one little thing i would change - i do n't care for indian disco pop music , and would have taken a star off for that . but my husband lobbied for five stars , because all he cares about is the food , and the food was really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is our favorite . the food is really good ( we have tried others around the valley and we come back here ) . the mango lassi is perfection ! today we tried goat and it was tender ! i can go on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty cool place . almost overwhelming , there is so much stuff . they 're on ebay and also lease out shelf space to charities and other collectors . when in the area , i try to stop in . not a lot as far as new pack box product , but plenty to keep busy with .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a very nice vintage card based shop in phoenix . the staff is friendly and very knowledgeable about sports cards etc . i 've been going there for over 20 years . they have cards from 10 cents to well over a thousand dollars and everything in between . give them a try , you wo n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great prices and friendly staff . one of the few baseball card shops on this side of the valley . auctions every week on small to moderate items ! ! ! highly recommend to any sports card collector .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this card shop is awesome . very friendly and knowledgeable staff . they truly care about each and every customer . they definitely have a lot of regulars . they focus strictly on the customer who walks in the store - you will not find employees trying to hawk stuff on ebay while customers are in the store . ps i found a good deal on dbacks tickets while in the store . they have a little display that sells baseball tickets as well", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to go here when they were on 19th and tbird back in the day . it says a lot that they are still in business . best card shop i 've ever been to", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we visited the shop while in town for some spring training baseball games . the baseball cards are well organized so my kids and husband could look through stacks easily for what they wanted . the owner is knowledgeable and helpful and he did n't mind the kids looking through the 25-cent cards . prices were fair and clearly marked . we went back the next day for more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the batters box has everything you need . they specialize in vintage cards , but , they also carry all the latest products . when i go to a card show , the majority of the dealers have their cards way overpriced . when i see that , i just walk away . time is too precious to waste on negotiating prices . at the batters box . cards are priced to sell . and supplies are the best prices in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wish my red curry was thicker ... this place offers really cheap lunch specials and with that said the portions are on the small side and do n't always leave you satisfied when it comes to the tastes . my old office was located very close to this place so it was convenient more than anything . i 'd get the mixed veggies with chicken lunch special and enjoyed that the most from the menu . the red curry is really watery and wish it had more coconut milk . the thai teas tend to be on the very sweet side here so i started to skip them . overall it was mostly about convenience but i would n't find myself here again . there are so many great thai places in town that also offer great lunch values and richer flavors .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm from sgv , ca , so i 'm familiar with most ethnic food . this place was unlike any i 've had before . i ordered pad thai and it was interesting because they added cabbage to it . i like the healthy twist , and there was a perfect amount of spice added . i was debating if i wanted it more spicy , but the host recommended i had the extra spice on the side as it could get a bit too spicy . great recommendation . although they do n't have happy hour any more ( boooo ! ! ! : ( ) the food was reasonably priced and super delicious ! and the staff was very friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i usually order lunch here , as it 's close to where i work and their lunch specials are great ! the dishes i order most are : pad thai lunch special ( chicken , sometimes shrimp ) 3 out of 5 spicy yellow curry lunch special 3 out of 5 spicy pot stickers everything is great and for lunch , you ca n't beat the price ( lunch specials are $ 6.95 and include all the fixings except a drink ) . in terms of how good the food is , it 's better pad thai than i 've ordered anywhere else in las vegas , and at that price , i would not go anywhere else . their curry is good , not the best i 've ever had , but again , i ca n't beat that price . if you 're looking for a quick thai fix , i would highly recommend this spot . good prices and good food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sin city thai restaurant is my new go-to spot for thai food . i used to always go to archi 's thai restaurant , but i 've gotten bored of the flavors there . today , i ordered my favorite beef salad with a spicy level of 2 5 . i also ordered pad se ew with shrimp . the food is very flavorful & the staff is very friendly . the prices are n't bad either . if you 're looking to try a new thai place , i recommend checking this place out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i did n't feel like cooking and decided to order thai food for me and my gf and stumbled upon this place through the yelp app . we ordered pad thai ( hot ) chow mein ( medium ) and a spicy chicken of some sort . the reason for 1 was that the range of spicy was insane . the pad thai was so spicy i could n't eat anymore . i lost my appetite because the spicy was n't spicy it was like i was eating medicine . the chow mein was barely manageable and the chicken smelt like it was pure peppers . we usually eat spicy food on the regular but this was disgusting . waste of $ 35 ... if you order here dont get anything spicy they clearly do n't know how to cook spicy food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "... i dont know why the hate on this place ... i got ta tell ya the yellow curry was bomb ... im very well pleased to say ! ! curry could be cooked down a tad bit longer ... but for the most part it was defently not lacking any flavor at all ! ! im defently comming back for my curry fix ... i really like this place ... : ] glad i found it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am crazy for thai food so me and my boyfriend decided to give this place a try . we had chicken tom kha ( level 3 ) , chicken spicy basil ( level 2 ) , and pad thai ( level 1 ) just to try how their spicy levels are since i usually do level 10 at archi 's and krung siam . i loved the tom kha , the perfect amount of spicyness with still a great amount of flavor . however if you 're not into that spicy , it might be too much for you . the spicy basil was really tasty as well . however the pad thai was n't my favorite since i like it to be a little sweeter . oh and we also had the thai tea , a little too sweet like candy but still okay . overall i was really happy with the tom kha and spicy basil , i will definitely be back ! ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time trying this place today . placed a to-go lunch special order of spicy mint chicken . i feel jipped.. ! the order of spicy mint chicken was soooo small ! i did n't get full whatsoever . an eggroll , wonton crisp , and steamed rice also came with the lunch special , but it still was n't enough . the price was n't bad.. $ 6.75 . but i was soooo disappointed in the portion size . i wo n't be coming back here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there are the business owners that take to yelp to combat bad reviews with canned responses , and there are those like sin city thai that read the reviews and fix what needed to be fixed with hard action . i have been here many , many times since my initial visit and the service & quality here does n't stop improving . they know what it takes to get it right , and they apply it ! well done , sin city . you 've earned this one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is long overdue . i ordered chicken bbq combo but was given pork ribs bbq combo . i told the waitress , and got blamed for not ordering correctly . lost my appetite because of the attitude and everything i tasted us overly sweet . not recommending this placem .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is one of my go-to 's for lunch . i 'm kind of monomaniac there and always have the lunch special pad-thai . the lady keeps getting mad at me ( in a very nice way ) , telling me i should try their other specialties , but ... i love pad-thai . perfectly sized ( and priced ) for a quick lunch , at $ 7.45 or something like this , with an egg roll . very small joint , but super friendly and always busy ! which is a good sign to me : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was just passing by and saw the sign . stopped in on my lunch break . it was sooo good ! i had chicken tom kha soup and yellow curry chicken . i asked for mild because i do n't like much spice . it was perfect . hot enough to make me sweat but not too hot to eat . i will definitely be coming back for more lunch breaks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place for lunch specials and their green curry is packed with lots of flavors and spice . do check out their generous lunch special menu ( $ 6.75 ! ) if you 're in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the thai tea is very watery . the wontons were very crispy and some were delicious while others were burned.the chicken was very dry . the fried rice was good . there was no one there so we were the only ones being waited on . it just tasted like something from a microwave .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hot hot hot ! ! ! ! the owner warned me three times if 4 5 heat was really what i wanted . this place properly heats their food in my opinion . best part , i enjoyed the flavor and the ingredients looked fresh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent beef salad ! ! ordered level 3 for tom yum and was very spicy . too spicy for me , but great flavor otherwise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ate here about a year ago and if i was reviewing , i would say definitely a 5 star plus restaurant ... .because their yellow curry chicken was very good ... .and then recently i tried something different - the orange chicken ... and i 'm not sure it was chicken ... . a co-worker ordered it also , and then got sick ... never again ... sorry sin city ... we like chicken in our chicken .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time i got food from here i ordered chicken fried rice and crab ragoons . rice was awesome . ragoons were a little too sweet for my taste so i was n't feeling them . went back like a week later during my lunch time but this time i only had the fried rice it was just as awesome as the first time . definitely recommend it . there 's not many places in this area to eat if you work around here , this is a good place to consider . it 's cheap and they only charge 2 bucks for delivery i believe . portions are great too . fried rice i ordered was enough to feed 2 of us .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! follow the guidance of your server , she guided me on the spice level and it was perfect ! lunch specials are a great value and food is delish ! ingredients tasted fresh and authentic and service is excellent , very genuine . no frills , great for lunch or take out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never had anything besides pad thai n broccoli n beef but it 's so good that i always come back ! i work down the street n this is the only quality food place that i can get a good meal during my 30 minute lunch . we keep coming back because the seasoning n flavor is incredible n they 're fast !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "second time here and the food is still delish . i tried their thai beef salad today along with my usual chicken pad see ew and it hit the spot again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried this place with a friend last week . he ordered the pad see eew and said it was ok but nothing that topped the charts . i ordered the tom yum soup spice # 5 . could have been much spicier . it was alright but lacking a bit in the fresh factor and could have used more lemon grass as the shrooms dominated the soup . nothing that i would rave about . it is around the corner from work and the service was decent . could have been a lot worse for that area which seems to attract mediocrity in the lunch department . have said this before and it may be to cater for those who are clueless in the thai department , but so many of these places add american chinese items to the menu which is baffling . good on them if it captures a lost market but it causes me to question the quality of the majority of food on offer . try if you 're in the area but otherwise , chinatown it is . i 'll try again in a pinch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "normally this is a place to go during lunchtime because it 's close enough to my wife 's work . today we went and literally sat there for a long time and still were n't greeted or asked if we wanted any drinks . wow horrible , so we left . the other times we were served quickly . now this just gave me bad vibes about this place and do not want to go .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! i work around the corner from sin city thai and multiple people from my office ( including me ) eat here religiously ... at least once a week ! everything i have ever had has been awesome , and the food is consistently good ... i am a curry snob , and their curry is some of the best i have ever tasted ! i also love the staff ; they 're all so friendly and you can tell they really care about their customers ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the quality of the food is five stars . but , the reason i am giving this thai restaurant 5 stars is that they made my food spicy . i like to feel the burn when i ask for it and my mouth is watering a sensation i rarely get . there heat level is accurate and beautiful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is delicious but they forgot my second order of chicken satay , did n't get acknowledged for 5 minutes ( not a single customer in the restaurant ) and when i finally did get service , the man smelled of cigarettes .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ca n't get enough of this place . i ca n't think of one time i 've gone and have been disappointed ! ! the food is so good ! i strongly recommend the wings , they are hands down the best wings i 've ever eaten in my life ! they have great curries and the pad see ewe is the best i 've had anywhere . be careful with their spice levels cause they are not the normal spice level ... way more spicy ... i go for 3 most of the time which is their high medium and it 's spicy for me , and i love and can handle spicy . i try taking everyone i know here that likes thai because this will easily become the best thai restaurant they 've ever been to !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service & food was yummy ! ! good place to come with family . our kids loved pad see u~~ ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was genuine . food was overall good . the curries were okay . the only challenge was that a small black bug was found in the pad thai . eating ceased immediately and they were very apologetic for the issue . i am sure an isolated incident .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food is great , and i love coming here , but i 've been sitting here my whole lunch hour , and have n't gotten my food yet . i usually do n't mind , but they just told me 17 more minutes . i love the food , but they just can not keep up with the rush . they are more worried about to go orders than people sitting at their tables .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great service ! best thai iced tea i 've ever had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last year my wife and i went here to eat after going to the immigration office a block away and at that time i did n't write a review right away after dining at this restaurant thinking they would fix the restaurant but today i saw this restaurant on darcy spears 's `` dirty dining '' and i wanted to voice out our experience that i 've been meaning to do after dining with this place . anyway , the place had old chairs and tables and there was a lot of flies in the restaurant . when i received my food , it had a strand of hair ! the lime that they gave me was also old and looks dried up ! as soon as i saw the hair , i did n't finish eating and we left ... the price is cheap but normally you get what you paid for ! ! ! lesson learned , next time when you go in a restaurant and when you see something unsanitary , just leave ! ! ! leave ! ! ! and find a better cleaner restaurant ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered the spicy basil shrimp and chicken satay on delivery . the shrimp was set on a 4 5 heat scale , and it certainly came through on point , flavorful yet intense . about 6 large shrimp in a deliciously spicy brine of basil and spice ; the satay came on 4 skewers , about the amount you 'd expect for an appetizer , and the perfect flavor -- not too salty . the spicy chili sauce was a perfect balance of heat and sweet . delivery came fast , and friendly . would definitely recommend to anyone looking for solid , quality thai in lv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "order to go from here today . ordered the orange chicken & spicy basil lunch specials . the orange chicken tasted like fruit loops , not a totally bad thing but i never thought a thai dish would remind me of my favorite childhood cereal . i ordered the spicy basil at a level 4 spicy ( 1-5 ) holy sh t was that spicy as f ck . my mouth finally stopped burning almost an hour later . call me crazy , but i enjoyed the pain . will def eat there again & next time try one of their curries ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after hearing the other thai place we use to go to closed down , we came across this one and it is our new favorite ! the staff is so friendly , fast and makes amazing food . if you want spicy this is the place for you , but do n't fret if you are n't a fan of spicy food , they will make it not spicy if requested . the sin city pot stickers are my favorite ! i love to pair them with the mongolian beef and a thai tea ! the place is a bit small so if you go for lunch get there before the rush or just call and go pick up your order either way you wo n't be disappointed by the food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great local thai restaurant . i like spicy food and # 4 spicy was perfect . the penang curry was excellent . the shrimp tom yum was also very good . our waitress was also very helpful and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered through ubereats . i ordered pad thai ; part of the order process was to ask how spicy you wanted the food . it was a multiple choice , i picked medium , there were two options above that . the food was so spicy we threw it out , it was atomic . i like spicy food , but this was over the top lips burning , fire hot . why ask what i want if your going to do something different ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we order the pad kea mow spicy level 3 , papaya salad spicy level 3 and a side of sticky rice . every thing taste good and spicy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "spicy 0-5 ... items with a pepper symbol ... 1.. i think . i ordered level 2 and could 've lived with a 1 or a zero ... good food . tasty . 6.95 lunch special .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "highly recommended ! i was vacationing in vegas when i happened to drive by . i ordered the chicken lab and shrimp soup , ca n't remember the name . oh my ! the flavors were amazing , not too salty like some thai restaurants can be . the staff was very friendly and helpful . they do n't sell beer but they told me i was welcome to buy one next door and drink it in their restaurant . i will definitely be back next time i 'm in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "updated to give another star . got the pad thai chicken recently , and it was tasty . i think they have taken steps to improve the food here . lunch specials are decently priced , so not a bad place to grab some quick thai if you 're in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent service . there was a young girl working up front . she greeted us , took care of us , made us feel welcome and brought us everything we wanted while going above and beyond . she also had an actual conversation with us and was genuinely interested in how we felt about the food and if we had ate there before . it 's so hard to feel like you 've received great service anywhere lately at least in our experience . the food was also really good . i got the pad keep mao spice level 1 and it still had some spice to it ! my husband got the yellow curry spice level 3 which he said was really good but pretty hot and could n't imagine above a 3 . we also ordered some potstickers for our toddler .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was absolutely delicious ! i had the orange chicken an it was tender and flavorful . the staff was extremely attentive , polite , and very fast . will definitely be coming back again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they do not wash their hands ! ugh ! - i will hunt my own food before i return to sin city thai . while i was waiting for my take-out a man drove up on a blue scooter . he parked and came inside . then he proceeded to assist the staff in preparing my food . i had an unobstructed view as he simply walked into the kitchen and set to work on my food . i walked over to another person at the counter and asked if he was going to wash his hands . she spoke to him and he briefly ducked out of sight and came back wiping his hands on a paper towel . this is unsafe and pretty disgusting . i took my food when it was brought out but threw it away , no thanks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went there on a coin toss , and boy am i happy we did ! i ordered the yellow curry and my boyfriend ordered the pad thai . she asked us how spicy on a scale of 1-5 how spicy we wanted our food and they were spot on . the yellow curry was delicious i loved the addition of coconut milk . the pad thai was excellent as well . the food is super healthy . the prices are very low , and the service was awesome . check this place out for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they sure know how to heat up their dishes . they are seriously hot ! unfortunately my beef was a little overcooked and tough and i would have happily given more stars . given what i paid i 'm not too upset though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of the best things about my workplace is that sin city thai is right around the corner . my lunch break has never been the same since discovering it . sin city thai puts other thai restaurants to shame . they have hands down the best curry in vegas that i 've ever tried ( especially the panang ! ) and their other dishes are also excellent . i 've been thailand and the food here is as good or even better as anywhere else . it can get a little busy during the lunch rush , but that 's just because the place is so awesome . lin and his crew are awesome too ! they always greet us and are super friendly . if you 're looking for a good thai restaurant in vegas , check this place out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't be fool by the previous reviews . i read the five star reviews and i decided to perm my hair here . i brought a goal picture there so i do n't have to explain what kind of curl i want . the price is $ 190 excluding the tip . so after spending $ 220 in total , i only got my hair fried . the curls were gone after one day ! ! ! i went back to cozy ( who did my hair perm and he was the most recommended stylist on yelp ) , his answer was `` the picture you showed me was from curling iron , it 's impossible to do it from hair perm . and the picture you showed me was an old fashion , i did n't like it . '' so his so called `` new fashion '' was a head of fried hair ? i would give 0 star if i could .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is n't a very good place for guys who want short haircut . the place looks nice after renovation and i thought for a place this nice , the service and hairstylist must be pretty good but i was wrong ! my hairstylist is a mid age lady who cuts my hair as if she is shaving skin off a potato . i was in and out within 30 minutes and my hair does n't even look nice at all . this place is definitely not worth a $ 25+ tip , go somewhere else instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they got new hair stylists . the older lady did n't speak english at all and literally did everything opposite of what i wanted her to do . i 've never felt this mad before that i have to rant on yelp . i wanted the front of my hair to remain the same length and shorter on top . she did the exact opposite and now i just look like i 'm crazy . also she freaking shaved my widows peak when i specifically told her not to . who on earth does that ? i loved my widows peak . anyway the new juno hair is a disaster and definitely very over priced compared to the service before . do n't go there !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place does amazing job with cutting and giving iron perm . hairdresser `` sopy '' did an excellent job . she showed different hair styles and matched the one that fit for me . she also gave me a satisfied service . she was very kind . she wasnt just cutting my hair but also was asking me alot of questions whether how i was doing at school . she was like a mom to me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not go . most unfriendly and bored hairdresser i 've ever had . did not even ask how i wanted it before cutting . or at any time while he was cutting . a stone would 've been more professional . will not revisit .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent stylists at juno hair ! he worked very carefully with my messy long hair . the trimming and layering was very professional and the was done more quickly than i 'd expected . the price is acceptable considering the quality of the service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "meh . it was alright , but pricey . i did not find the results pertinent to the price they charged ... a whopping $ 30+ for medium length into a bob hairstyle . granted , i paid about the same for a trim at chicago 's headquarter , but they did a better job . i brought a korean speaking friend ( as i advise all non-korean speakers to do ) , but it still helped to no avail . the guy did n't even shampoo my hair , just sheared it off with some spray . that 's it . he spent the rest of the time talking to my friend . i brought a photo for reference , but my messy bob cut looked nothing like nora jones ' new cut and style . instead , i had to go home and fix a few stray hair strands he completely missed . not a happy camper in the least . he looked really bored and did n't even attempt to consult me during my haircut . i 'm never coming here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "kevin left juno . what a disastrous news ! honestly , cozy 's skill is not on the par with kevin 's . he is a bit impatient when i give my opinion about his style design and i do believe i have right to say what i feel about my hair . i do n't wan na hear the word like `` what do you want ? '' with grievance and contempt any more ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my boyfriend has been going here for the past two years and his hair looks great . they charge $ 20 to cut and wash men 's hair , which is decent . if you want to pay less , your only options left are places like great clips . great clips may be okay for some , i prefer a salon that 's more stylish and daring with their haircuts . i 've been here a couple of times . i think ippatsu does women 's hair a bit better , but juno hair is much cheaper ( about $ 30 compared to $ 50 ... i forget exactly what the price is ... it 's been a while since i cut my hair ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried another local barber shop and did n't like it . came here and got it fixed and i loved it . i like how they wash your hair and cut it again to insure that you get a proper hair cut . will definitely be going here again . a decent hair cut for 20 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick and efficient . got exactly the haircut i wanted .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although deeply respected master of the cut , kevin , has moved on to other things , cozy and the newly appointed kerri continue in the rich tradition of hair cutting perfection that has made juno my go-to stop for hair-cuts and korean fashion magazines . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they completely butchered my straight shoulder length hair . i just wanted a trim with slight layering around the face , but i ended up with hair one inch shorter on the left side of my face , and pieces hanging down in back that they forgot to cut . i think a 6 year old could have done a better job actually .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst service ever ! ! ! do n't go ! he did n't even know what the customer really want ! the hair cut was done within 5 minutes and he is not professional at all . i was not satisfied with his work and expected him to make some changes . but he was very unhappy about my request and re-cut it perfunctorily . if you do n't want to ruin my hair with $ 30+ , please stay away from it !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i will not be returning here . do not get your eyebrows waxed here ! the white lady did not shape them and ripped off the top of my arch leaving me with a 'dip ' in my brow .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no . used to be great . now , thty make you wait forever and ignore you . worst customer service ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place looks like a run of the mill mall nail salon but is so much better . i 've tried aveda salons in south park and downtown charlotte , and this place has the best manicure , pedicure , and eyebrow wax in town . and the prices ! $ 8 for an eyebrow wax where they really take the time & get all of the little stray hairs . spa pedicure is great- lots of massage . best to pay in cash since the credit card co just raised her transaction fee - this way you get more bang for your buck .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "checked several shops for cruiser bikes . found the best selection , most reasonable prices and friendliest service here . if you 're looking for a cruiser , you really should give this place a visit . they 'll even customize a bike for you if you must have a one of a kind .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought my wife a bike here recently . it 's a great cruiser , do n't get me wrong . my wife has loved riding it . i was lead to buy it believing that it was their only weekend in a year where they sell out of their warehouse for half of retail cost . upon seeing that i came by the next day and bought a bike that my wife would love . fast forward several months now as i peruse craigslist for a bike for myself i see a colby cruisers warehouse sale for even cheaper than i bought them . i realize now that i had rushed into buying a bike for nearly full price instead of what others bought . tl ; dr- shop their ads for a better price . edit : so colby cruisers are a wholesale business . you can find ads for their bikes on craigslist if needed . when purchasing a bike you should have them inspect it and make sure all of the plastic wrap is removed . the bike is of good quality , i like supporting local businesses .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went in to pick out some cruisers for our girls ( 8 , 8 & 11 ) - glad i did ! found three different cool color combinations and i was able to have them hold onto the bikes until christmas . thank you santa !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gary and team were awesome . i drove down from scottsdale and it was totally worth it . they have a huge selection of colors . they encouraged me to ride around on it and get comfortable . no annoying sales pitch ... the bikes sold themselves . i will definitely be telling my friends about this place ! they even helped load it up in my car and showed me how to properly fill up tires when needed . i will most likely come back again to get another bright color bike .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great prices and service . tucked away off of the main road but nice selection . they 'll switch out the handle bars and seat to match your liking . gary took care of me and he was very friendly , personable , and made it an easy experience . i would suggest this shop to anyone looking for a cruiser . they also have some nice long boards with wheels and bearings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool warehouse off the beaten path with tons of colorful bikes . i just purchased a beautiful purple cruiser that i 've had my eye on for a few weeks . made a call on friday and gary held the bike for me to purchase on saturday . seamless transaction , thanks gary !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thought it was a great deal on the bikes . had a pub ride that same day . the two guys working in the place were totally cool guys and willing to help . they even put one together for me cause that 's what my girlfriend wanted . the quality i 'm not so sure about . my handle bars will not stay tight after one ride and my girls seat will not stay straight no matter how much we tighten it . the handle bar and fork wiggles and my front tire makes noise the second i took it out . the cheap beer holder broke right away . the bikes are totally nice looking and we will enjoy them . i need to get a new neck that will hold the handle bars and find out the noise on the front wheel . service was spot on ! quality of bike questionable ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been wanting a cruiser ever since moving to az 6 months ago . after looking at several shops with no success , we headed to colby cruisers on a friend 's recommendation . we could n't have been more impressed with the service , quality and price . gary colby was extremely helpful and patient with me as i endlessly weighed my options . we were so happy with the shop that my husband ended up with a new bike too . i ca n't wait for my custom order to come in !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came for the fourth of july special got a great deal on a cool cruiser all the bike shops that we live around and such a penis charge a lot of money so we got a really nice beach cruiser for $ 180 with a free cup holder", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just picked up the duke 3.0 fat tire cruiser . what a great place with unbeatable prices . the customer service was awesome as well . definitely recommend stopping in if you 're looking for your next cruiser for men , women and children .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best prices in town for beach cruisers ! ! great selection and service is off the hook . never owned beach cruisers before so we had a lot of questions - rep was patient and took time to explain things to us and made sure we were totally satisfied . highly recommend this business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love these bikes ! ! we got two of the balance bikes for the kids and they love these things . my kids are on them all day everyday . i thought there would be a learning curve for our youngest but she jumped right on and took off as well ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great bikes and awesome service . i purchased three bikes on the same day , and although i did n't need it , the owner was nice enough to offer me the ability to borrow his bike rack to take them home . it 's always nice when customer service meets or exceeds the quality of product . goes to show that it pays to buy local and independent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service . great place to shop for bikes at a very affordable price . huge selection of beach cruisers for both men , women and kids . would definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "easy least . why bother with a bike shop when you can just buy direct ? so long as you do n't mind the warehouse feel , this place is a great place to snag a sub $ 200 cruiser that 'd you 'd pay a few hundred more at a shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gary was a great help in searching for a beach cruiser for my mom for christmas , answered any questions we had , was super knowledgeable about the products and was just overall very friendly . i would recommend anyone interested in getting a beach cruiser to come here and check them out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adorable bikes and great service ! would recommend ! super excited to take my new cruiser out ! thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought two bikes at colby cruisers . good selection and prices . justin was very helpful and explained bikes ' qualities .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these bikes are amazing ! ! ! highly recommended . i shopped around for months and the selection here is great and the service was exceptional !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to buy a cruiser . local business and i 'm happy to support them . love my fat tire bike", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the selection is awesome . justin is great ! he was very helpful . we are very happy with our new bikes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super relaxed place to buy a cruiser . good selection and great prices . all bikes come with warranty and they tighten everything and air up tires before you ride away . highly recommended ! i have to add that we took the bikes home and took the plastic off and we had a few problems with one of the bikes . we took it back and they fixed it up and it 's perfect . they were super nice and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my coral cruiser from colby 's cruisers ! gary was a blast to work with , you can tell he loves his job . the bikes are all custom , you pick and and choose your colors , seats , handles , etc . they are great quality bikes that pack a fun punch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best bike shop around . very friendly and very good prices ! ! ! you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! good selection ! great prices ! would recommend anyone looking for a cruiser .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in there recently and purchased a silver cruiser for my son . the owner was a cool dude and nice enough to hold it til christmas . this place by far is the best overall value compared to other local shops . cheers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great bikes made right here with amazing customer service ! thanks for the bike ! my daughther is super picky and can never make up her mind but they were able to get the perfect bike for her because the selection was so great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jordan was amazing ! this place is awesome ! a little hidden treasure . if you 're looking for a cruiser go to colby cruiser and ask for jordan !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "both jordan and gary were so kind and helpful ! i had to get my daughters christmas bike on christmas eve after a huge problem with target and they helped me out even before they opened ! ! thank you both ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend just got his first bike here , and he is absolutely in love . we took it for a spin last night and it rides smooth just like we hoped . i came back the next day with my bike , and gary was kind enough to put my boyfriends free basket on it . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased my bike and my sons bike there . good value , good service , great bikes ! you can drive to the shop anytime , view all of the bikes and then add to personalize . we added the personalized feature for an extra fee , and picked it up later . great deal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not waste your money on these bikes . we purchased 3 bikes from their warehouse and have had nothing but problems with them . tires are cheap , fenders not put on properly and over all junk . spent over $ 800 and totally not worth it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had so much fun testing the bikes ! jordan was so nice and helpful ! left with a beautiful bike , so excited !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super awesome experience ! i have been looking for a good cruiser bike for a while . i contact them from facebook and went in to look at bikes . they were clearing out their stop so had a pretty awesome sale . i called the next day and talked with gary he said he would hold the bike i wanted until i could pick it up a few days later . when i came in he had the front basket and back rack already installed on it and it looked great ! i love my new cruiser !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love our new bikes so much ! they have a good selection with all reasonably priced bikes . the owner was also very helpful and nice . i would recommend anyone who is looking to check this place out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when we can afford a little extra to treat ourselves to a good filet , or tri-tip we used to go to larry 's meats . this place is just as great and lot closer , the fact that they had a free bbq outside made it even better . did i say how glad i am this place is so close to home.. just in time for summer . before long i will be a regular here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely the new kid on the block , the butcher block has already gained popularity . there was a line at the counter , but the friendly staff handled the crowd and answered questions to everyone 's delight . got what i needed , garlic herbed chicken skewers . if you have n't tried the wagyu beef , it 's a must . sirloin heaven , and for those non meat lovers , halibut and salmon steaks , the other white meat , pork . ground lamb and cold cuts too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice little meat deli in this neighborhood . very thorough selection of red meat cuts . homemade sausages . a few seafood items . the freezer items read like a selection of ingredients from chopped . things like sweetbread , livers , etc . i do not normally cook with this stuff but good to know where to go if i needed stuff like that . staff was very helpful and willing to answer any questions . i left purchasing a couple homemade tamales . they hit the spot and were delicious . great neighborhood find !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "picked up three ny strips for mothers ' day dinner . it was excellent quality meat and a very reasonable price for such quality . i 'm giving it the full five stars because when i asked the owner if he knows what `` city chicken '' is , he did , and said `` every good butcher should know what city chicken is ! '' i heartily agree . support your local businesses , and get great quality while you 're doing so . visit the butcher block !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is literally meat heaven ! this is where you come to get cuts of meat your local grocery store wo n't supply . their quality in cuts is so good i would come back for almost anything . i purchased a tomahawk and a 50 day dry aged prime bone-in ribeye and they both were phenomenal . i highly recommend getting the prime 50 day aged . it beat the 3 different wagyu steaks we just had last week at craft steak @ mgm . definitely made our night !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only place we buy our meat ! ! ! ! they will slice dice and cut anyway you want . best meat in the valley", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . they have a really great selection of meats , seafood , poultry , and different rubs sauces for your sophisticated palette . they also have sandwiches that are to die for . they use boars head meat for all sandwiches and put more meat than your mouth can handle on it . all that for about the same price as a subway sandwich . check it out for yourself and compare , this place wins hands down . it is also a plus that the guy who owns and operates it is a totally nice guy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice breath of fresh air away from the convenient walmart meat section ! if u do n't see what u want they can order it in for u and the sandwiches are delish !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of the better butcher shops in las vegas . i have been going here for the past 6 months now . the new york and ribeye are to die for here and the price is n't too bad either . the setup of the shop is pretty simple but makes it easy for anyone to make their selection . whenever i ask for a recommendation they are always friendly and willing to explain things . i always tell them to give me the selection they would recommend and they never disappoint . this place makes it easy for me to make a nice romantic steak dinner for my wife . happy wife , happy life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we recently moved from the southwest area to the centennial area . we were excited to see that we had another butcher block in our new neighborhood . we have never been disappointed with the quality of food and service at either location . this past saturday , my husband stopped in for a beautiful steak and two beef kabobs . he offered my husband grilling time recommendations and they turned out amazing ! after dinner we decided that the steak as as good as any we have had at fleming 's or austin 's . we will definitely be back and would highly recommend the butcher block !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mom purchased a few things to bbq from here , steaks , chops and burgers . the cuts were really good and tasted wonderful . i had the steak and it was the best steak i had in a long time ! seemed a little pricey but was worth it . we all raved about the meat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best cuts in town ! do yourself a favor and get some jalapeno bacon here or the pre-made best bbq burger patties ever , combine the two for a burger that will blow the doors off anything else you can find . great prices and some of the best meats around , they have everything from game to the standards in steak , chicken and seafood . this place is the bomb !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tons of options good quality meet . little pricey but worth the freshness . they have good seafood and sale beef femur and chicken feet for good homemade stock . sandwich shop next door is delicious also . i do n't think i will go for everyday meet but for specific cuts for those special occasions !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the meat i have purchased has always been reasonably priced and of excellent quality . everyone who works there is very helpful and efficient , so meat orders are filled quickly and accurately .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fresh & delicious ! i ca n't speak on the meats section , but we stopped in for lunch , so this review is for the sandwich side only . my husband had a burger and i ordered a pulled pork sandwich . the pulled pork was really good , but when i tasted the burger , i wish i had gone that direction ! fresh , flavorful and juicy ... .honestly , the best burger i 've had in this town , even better than the special gourmet burger spots . i would suggest the fries over the chips ... the chips were in between ... they were n't crunch enough to be chips , and were n't soft enough to be fries . i will order fries from now on , but that 's a personal preference , as they were still tasty ... just did n't care for the texture . we will be going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bacon-wrapped jalape\u00f1os and hot italian sausage are fantastic ! definitely recommend stopping by and trying something out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very clean , excellent customer service . i bought a free range chicken and chicken breasts . chicken breasts were very fresh and delicious . the only reason i do n't give it 5 stars is it is a bit expensive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down the best tri-tip sandwich i have ever had . i was shocked when i bit into it , the flavors ... ..i 'm going back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best butcher in town hands down . from the meats to the deli sandwiches . so thankful to live nearby !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a real butcher shop . lots of great selections of meats . they also carry seafood , pork , chicken , and other varieties of meats . everything always seems fresh to me . i have tried the steaks , chicken , and shrimp skewers . they also carry a variety of spices and marinating sauces . some meats can be pricey but u get what u pay for . never had a bad meal from here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought a 4 rib prime prime rib yesterday and grilled 2 ribs 5 pounds . put mrs. o'learys cow rub on it ( from amazingribs.com ) . we grilled it for 3 hours at 225 . it was the best meat i have ever eaten . juicey and melt in your mouth . the best prime rib i 've ever had . ca n't wait to eat the other two ribs", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful service , amazing fresh meats and if you have a custom request they are happy to help . ca n't wait for henderson location to open", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great experience at the butcher block ! i work in the same shopping center and wanted to try it out for my lunch ! i got the inferno burger with fries and man was it the bomb ! well priced for getting such high quality meat ! the owner was so nice to me ! i will be having lunch here more often", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here several times to purchase the high quality meats available in this store . their display case holds fine quality chice meats but they even have prime in the back . do n't see what you want or want a thicker steak ? no problem , they will custom cut whatever you want . we even found lamb liver here , which is a favorite of my husband . coming from back east , it is so pleasant to have a butcher shop close to my home . yes , you will pay more than a regular grocery store , but you wo n't regret it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place everything is always super fresh and always cooks fabulously . everytime we go there everyone is very polite . meat is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a nice , clean place with good service and they made me a very nice not cheap boarshead roast beef sandwich . the sandwich had a very nice amount of meat , etc . and was delicious ! i had them cut me a dry-aged , usda prime cut of bone-in rib-eye . about 2 '' thick . 1 pound 6oz . .. $ 40.i watched them cut it right there in front of me . the steak was as expected ... ... very tastey and tender.. split between two of us . i ordered their home-made sweet italian sausage as well ; was told it contained no nitrates ... . very good sausage . i will be back to try other cuts of beef , etc and have another sandwich . ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i recommend this place . you get what you pay for ... ... ... .yolo !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great steaks ! you definitely get what you pay for here . stopped in after work and they are conveniently open til 7 pm . no line and great service . he made some awesome suggestions and they have pre cooked shrimp skewers seasoned and ready to just crisp on the grill . wagyu kobe steaks were amazing and definitely set a high bar for quality of meat . a lot better than larry 's western meats if you ask me and the hours make it easy to stop at on your way home . they gained a new loyal customer for sure . ca n't wait to try try the rest !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't say enough about the butcher block . always accommodating , full service and friendly . we were pleasantly surprised with an order of fresh oysters . compared to other places we have depended on these were amazingly fresh and clean . call ahead for these delights . i had a odd request for a butterfly cut filet . took the recipe and instructions in and they followed it perfectly . they are expanding into the space next door with a full smoke house and more deli counter . ca n't wait !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "high quality meat and the prices are reasonable . i love buying ribs and steak there for special occasions . they have a huge selection of fresh and frozen meats . i love shopping here , but always spend more than i want ; i ca n't stop buying food that looks great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has everything that i 've been looking for from frog legs , lambs liver and many other exotic meats and wild game , really friendly personable staff , no more john malls or larry great western meats . get it the way you want it . best butcher shop in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love their selection of meats . there 's so much to try and so little time ! we also went there and had their sub sandwich the italian one and substituted the ham for turkey . this sandwich it was way better than subway . like 100 % better ! the price is really not that bad either , they ground their ground beef inside of the store . that to me says that it is fresh and also not any disgusting meats . i plan on going there again very soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these folks have been friendly and helpful every time we have been in . we 've tried a variety of their meats now , including a ribeye , the bbq burgers , and our thanksgiving turkey . everything has been fresh and tasty . the bbq burgers were really standout . we also had the bacon wrapped jalape\u00f1os , which were so good . and tonight , we are having a chuck roast ( cooked in the crock pot ) . it is super tender and flavorful . i would recommend this place with absolutely no hesitation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys know their beef ! ! never had a better day at the butcher than i have here at the butcher block ! their deli sandwiches are delish and easy to pick up on the way out to mountains or the lake . love it here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place ! customer service is great and the meat is awesome ! you have to try the blueberry breakfast sausage ! the hand make them there . soooo good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been working my way thru all they have and have not been disappointed yet . i will admit the place is pricey , but you get what you pay for and then some . one of the best cuts so far was the tomahawk ribeye . great presentation , and perfect flavor . i recommend with any of the steaks keeping the cooking simple , salt , pepper , and maybe some herb butter on top while resting . have n't tried the wild game , or exotic stuff yet but that 's next on my list , but have had all grades of steak and the cheaper ( for here ) cuts are good , but the pricier ones are definitely worth the extra .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in for some grass feed steaks . they had some new yorks in the back and cut them up for me . went home grilled them and they were delicious . they were very kind and willing to help me out ! i will be coming back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been a fan of the butcher block since i started visiting their other location on rainbow by my old house . i love that they sell boar 's head lunch meat . that stuff is as good as it gets ! well , at least in terms of lunch meat ... i have also had the bbq burgers , steak burgers , rib eye steaks and veal shanks . all are excellent ! it was one of the few places in town i was able to find that sold veal shanks for oso bucco . i know , i know ... some people do n't appreciate eating baby cow , but it was delicious nontheless .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love this butcher shop . it 's the only place we go to get our meat . we had the deli side and the pulled pork sandwich and burger were great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming here for a while now and have n't been let down once . prime steaks , amazing burgers and everything in between . staff is always friendly and helpful . do n't forget to stop in to the deli next door", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place rocks . expensive but cheaper than the horribleness that is whole foods . decently thick cut steaks that are a good bit cheaper than wf . plus if you like offal and such they have that . plus other excellent stuff , burgers , many steak options , sausage ... .just great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "high quality meat , great service , and lots of spices . they carry lots of rubs , wood chips and charcoal for your barbecuing needs ! i would recommend this place to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been frequenting the butcher block for several years . the employees are friendly and ready to help . their meat is excellent and their burgers are the best in town . the add ons are a real bonus- stuffed peppers and mushrooms and now great sides like heirloom tomato salads and pasta salads . well worth the trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great if you like to bbq . they have different woodchips , sauces , seasonings and meats . i really liked the bbq and jalapeno burgers . i also enjoy the mango-tequila-something-something sauce . i had it into my salads to give it some flavor . it 's also not that expensive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to this place for about a month now and it consistanly great ! i believe it is family run , and they know everything about the meats in their shop . service is fast and friendly . support small biz ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great job and the customer service was extremely nice and helpful . they did n't have what i needed at first but helped me find a location until one came available . once one came available they notified me right way and placed my trailer in a good spot until a covered one comes available and i know when it does they will contact me . love the facility and location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is new and has excellent management . ed and his wife went above and beyond in service . they were very polite and explained all of the expectations and showed me around . im very pleased that i chose this place to store my items . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome staff very detailed with information and friendly . very clean , well air conditioned . easy to talk to . felt like family..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just rented storage space here . i never do reviews , but have to in this case . in calling all over trying to find available boat parking , i talked to quite a few places . i chose this one because of tracy . when i arrived , she and her husband ed were absolutely fantastic to deal with . these two completely went out of their way to answer my many questions ( first boat ) and even went out to my space with me to help me get parked ( first trailer too ) . rarely in vegas do i ever find people as friendly and helpful as these two were . oh , the facility is great too but these two are the reason i 'm a new , happy customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just rented a storage unit at this facility . it was a super easy and pleasant experience . great service ! they were very attentive and gave us all the information we needed to make our decision . doing the paperwork was quick and easy . the facilities are very well maintained and clean . definitely recommend them 100 % if your looking for a storage facility and they have everything you will need .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was pretty hard to find . once i found it , it seems as if ticor had changed some of its policies and the way they do things . it was a pretty frustrating situation . the good news is the receptionist was quite friendly . i used to work with ticor a lot . i do n't think they will be top on my list anymore .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "updating.. one of the assistant is really responsive , always answered my email questions within 15 mins . i like it . thank you krista for your good work !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kelly lobeck was on top of things at all times . ashley was kind enough to come to my home so the buyers and sellers could sign at their convenience . great job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they were very nice and friendly also responded to all my questions and if by phone or email . this process was a lot easier then or last refi . our lady told us it 's because of our lender they have less paperwork wish made it painless . go navy federal ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have known so many filipinos in my lifetime , but i 've never had the chance to try their cuisine . have i ever been missing out . i was really surprised at the different flavours and combinations in their cooking ! juniors does it right ! the food was absolutely delicious ! great food , great price point . the beer and wine selection is great . i can not wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the quick and dirty answer : yes ! delicious , great service , easy atmosphere . the long and detailed version : we stopped in here after a 6 hour drive from nyc . the waiter told us the kitchen was closed ( it was 10:45pm ) but directed us to a nearby pub that served food late ( lord williams and their bacon cheeseburger was boss ) . we did want to try the food so we stopped in a couple of nights later . the same gent greeted us and much to our surprise , remembered us . he gave us some food recs and we were n't disappointed . the chicken adobo was tender , flavorful and went perfectly with the simple rice noodles . liang , taro leaves in a savory coconut milk sauce , was suggested and he even pulled out a couple of spicy options to satisfy the souther italian in me . there was plenty of food at a decent price which was great tasting and served quickly . do n't miss out on this neighborhood gem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "l'ambiance est vraiment cool , mis \u00e0 part pour la grosse t\u00e9l\u00e9 sur le mur ! la d\u00e9co est color\u00e9e et \u00e9voque la bouffe de rue aux philippines , avec son kiosque et ses grandes enseignes . menu du midi int\u00e9ressant et pas trop cher , mais ma portion de vermicelles aux crevettes et porc ( palabak ) \u00e9tait pas mal petite . mention sp\u00e9ciale aux bi\u00e8res de micro qu\u00e9b\u00e9coise en bouteille !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was good , no doubt . generally the vibes were ok. service was super rude , we were border line bullied ! first , the little princess ( who turned to be related to the place owner ) refused to issue separate , per individual , bills ( despite we asked her to do so upon our arrival ) . then , she started at us because she did n't bother to count the money in her hands and assumed those who paid cash did n't left enough tips ! the staff apologized to us , the last scene i saw before leaving the place was that she is screaming at another client face because interrupting her while giving orders to the waitress !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had to re-do this one . this place is the perfect combination of asian meets comfort food . first you must have one of their cocktails cause after all the decor screams beach bar ! my top dishes are : salmon ceviche , pork sisig , and the panabok so so good . honestly , i would go back and do it all over again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i went to try the breakfast . i 've been wanting to go for some time now . my wife being of filipino origin we had to try it . my wife ordered the lechon & wafflescrispy fried pork belly and coconut waffles with maple syrup and i the tortang corned beef ( corned beef and potato omelette served with garlic fried rice and plantain chips ) and a side of atsara . we both enjoyed our meals . we tryed everything from each others plates and we 're quit happy . the only thing lacking from the experience was the service . the waitress seem to have a lack of experience and seem to have little knowledge of the menu . with only 2 other tables other than our she was in no hurry to tend to us . our plates were empty in front of us for quit some time and i had to ask for our bill or i had a feeling we would have been waiting a long time . with all that said i would go back , but this time i would like to try the dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went there today for brunch it was all delicious . the flavors , the meat and the lechon its a must try . i found their page on instagram and i came all the way from nyc .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "soo good . i 'm filipino , and was so happy to find filipino food in montreal while i was visiting . the food is legit . tastes like my mom 's cooking : ) the owners are brothers and they are so sweet and down to earth . they 're also both djs and play amazing music . i had the pork adobo and batangas cocktail and was oober pleased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wanted some filipino food while visiting montreal . this seemed like a popular choice so we checked it out . best way i can explain it is it 's a hipster joint serving semi authentic filipino food . worth checking out if you like filipino .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "\u9bad\u9b5a\u6599\u7406\u5f88\u8b9a\uff0c\u4efd\u91cf\u4e5f\u5f88\u591a\uff0c\u4e00\u5b9a\u8981\u5617\u8a66 ! ! \u684c\u4e0a\u7684\u8abf\u5473\u6599\u4e5f\u5f88\u597d\u5403\u3002\u9910\u5ef3\u5f88\u6709\u6c23\u6c1b ! ! \u4e0b\u6b21\u6703\u5e36\u670b\u53cb\u4e00\u8d77\u4f86 ! ! \u9644\u8fd1\u74b0\u5883\u5f88\u6e05\u5e7d\uff0c\u7a97\u5916\u671b\u51fa\u53bb\u4e00\u7247\u9752\u7da0\uff0c\u975e\u5e38\u559c\u6b61\u3002", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the home-made longanisa . was just alright . the fried chicken and lechon were very good though . fast and friendly service . good throwback tunes . bathroom cleanliness could be improved .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pros service : the girl taking and fulfilling my order was super nice and welcoming . macaron shells : the macaron shell was chewy and crunchy on the outside which tasted great . cons : thai tea ice cream : there was no taste of thai tea in the ice cream and it was heavier on the sugary side . i 've had thai tea ice cream from many other places and unfortunatly this one was the worst . i was also disappointed on how the ice cream was served since it was dripping all over my hands while i was consuming the sandwich . not sure if their freezer was broken , but the ice cream became soup within in minutes .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place have a lot of choices from boba to ice cream and etc . i got their milk tea and it was great . we also got some ice cream and loved it . overall , not a bad place to pick some dessert after dinner", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have stepped up their game . i always take my daughter to get taro . the service is great and the ice cream is awesome . everything deserves a 5 star but because i got a stale macaroon , i 'm deducting a star . the macaroon tasted like it was sitting their for awhile . will is always great and he has another guy with glasses that is awesome . as soon as we walk in they know what i am getting . it 's cool to be able to walk into an establishment and get taken care of . oh i love the vegan brownies and the vegan ice creams . if you are looking for unique flavors , this is the place to be . if your on a diet , cheat here : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had never eaten a macaroon and just had one delivered from uber eats . let me say , it was so freaking good holy schmokes ... . i also ordered a boba tea , served in the lightbulb ofcourse , and it was delicious tea as well . ordering ice cream for delivery can seem like a shaky prospect.. but it was on point and delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go here probably every other week , it 's that good . freshly made macaroons daily w different toppings along w new & fresh flavors of ice cream . huge macaroons w toppings such as lucky charms , fruity pebbles & numerous other types . ice cream from your typical flavors to fruity pebbles , captain crunch , cinnamon toast crunch , cookie monster & several other unusual flavors . perfect scoop is a small place w only a handful of tables for seating . they do offer board games to play as well . in addition to ice cream & ice cream sandwiches you can have milkshakes & boba . if you 've got a sweet tooth , this is the spot you need to come to . just off the 215 on jones .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection of homemade ice creams , including vegan options . then they make them in to tons of tasty desserts ... .banana splits , shakes , sundaes and macaroon ice cream sandwiches ! nutella banana is my fave and i 've only tried a few ! will definitely be back to sample many other items . well unfortunately i have to update this review and lower my rating . we visited sunday evening and noticed coffee selections on the menu which the girl helping us raved about only to stop in tuesday morning to be told `` the menu is outdated and we do n't actually make those '' . we were left completely unsatisfied with what the young man `` whipped up '' for us . sorry to say this wo n't be my morning coffee stop !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i stopped by here after dinner at soho next door . its really nice place to get desserts . i highly recommend trying out the honey dew ice cream and milk tea w boba . the service can be hit or miss sometimes since there is only 1 person during their busy hours , but the food is worth it . they also have a yelp check in coupon where you can save $ 3.50 on their boba teas . good value and cheap .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely delicious ! ! myself along with 2 others wanted a late night treat , so we yelped it . came across this place and drove out to the location . we were quickly greeted with an energetic smile as soon as we walked in ! shout out to india for being patient and being there to assist us with any questions . although a little pricey , it was definitely worth it . i will be reccomending to friends . treats : thai tea milkshake nutella banana & cookies and creme ice creme watermelon smoothie . all were delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far one of the best ice cream shops i have ever been to ! all their ice creams are homemade , and they offer vegan options as well . they have so many amazing and unique flavors to choose from , but my most favorite is their banana chocolate chip ice cream ! i also recommend their macaron ice cream sandwiches because it 's thee best ! it totally reminds me of milk in la , only at perfect scoop , you can choose whatever ice cream flavor you want to put in your macaron which makes it 100x better ! this place is a must try , you will not be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always come here with my friends and finally decided to write a review . the ice cream is really good and it 's all home made ! they have various flavors ranging from vanilla to durian to vegan avocado . my personal favorites are black sesame , lychee , and pink guava . they also have milk teas , slushies , and hot teas if you are n't in the mood for ice cream . the staff is really friendly and will let you sample the flavors ! great customer service and a cool place to hang out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have come back to this place at least 5-6 times and every single time they do not have vegan ice cream flavors . i used to really like this place but this has happened 1 too many times and aside from that this place has gone downhill as far as cleanliness goes it is gross . the display cases are all grimy and it smells like they mopped with a dirty rag . i will not be coming back here . what a disappointment . : (", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice now and the first time i came i got a regular milk tea boba . it was just `` okay . '' today i came back to try the macaroon ice cream sandwich . the service is so so so slow that i feel like they should hire another person to help make the food ! ! they 're all very nice but it 's just slow .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was thrilled to give this place a try for their infamous macaron ice cream sandwiches but unfortunately my tastebuds disagree . upon biting into my fruity pebble macaron paired with nutella-banana ice cream i found that the macaron was just way too sweet for my liking . also i felt that the macaron did not live up to its name . although it was called a `` fruity pebble macaron '' it tasted like pure sugar topped with a few fruity pebbles . i must say the nutella banana ice cream was delicious . i definitely liked the variety of unique flavors they had to offer . overall 3.5 stars for this place ... not to mention they did forget my order , so yeah ... needless to say , i do advise to give this place a try .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service is a bit unorganized at this location ( i have n't been to their other location ) . i 'm from out of town and i came here last year and the prices were a bit cheaper . now it 's $ 7 bucks for a macaron ice cream sandwich . last time they did n't have a wide variety of macarons available , but i enjoyed my taro vanilla macaron and red velvet green tea ice cream sandwich . today , i got 5 mini macarons , and a thin mint macaron cookie monster ice cream sandwich . the thin mint was n't bad , but it 's not anything special . the cookie monster ice cream was great though . i was n't impressed with the mini macarons . too tiny and too sweet ( or does n't taste that great ) . i always like trying different things so there will be more for me to try . i 'll keep coming back to try their other flavors and items . my brother enjoys their smoothies and also enjoyed the cookie monster ice cream . my lips are now blue . ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have been following on instagram and could n't wait to try it out . pictures look so inviting . the macaroons are amazing . love the variety . taro with taro was to die for . friendly staff . great location . since we 're from the other side of town , ca n't wait to come back . please add a location to the northwest !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extremely disappointed ! ! ! ! i waited 20 min to get 2 drinks and the worst part was my drinks . one had too much ice and the other was just nasty . i was there on a sunday afternoon , there was only one person making the drinks . when i finally got my drinks , she gave me the lightbulbs without a cap , i requested caps and she said that it does n't come with it . i been there before , i know it does . the worst part is been stuck with 2 drinks for $ 13 and you ca n't even return because they do n't have a manager who you can speak to . worst service ever !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "let 's just take a moment of silence for this little piece of heaven on earth . i have a major sweet tooth ! and this is completely `` cheat-day worthy '' . the macaroon ice cream is delicious . macaroons are made well and is super fresh . the cookie ice cream sandwiches are great . the cookies are baked perfectly and it definitely hits the spot . this location is definitely better than the others . this place is well kept & very clean . keep up the great work , perfect scoop staff ! i 'll see you guys on my next cheat day ! haha", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ice cream was good . they make good milkshakes too and have non-dairy options as well as vegan flavors .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great little boba milk tea place that offers a variety of flavors . the entire inside is a modern art display . such the display of local art talent . really like the drawing of the power rangers , great creativity . phenomenal customer service with a smile . do n't forget to get a drink card !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service was very friendly ! ordered the donut sandwich with pumpkin pie ice cream . delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the macaroon ice cream was horrible , the macaroon was old and hard . i was waiting to write a good review but there 's nothing to write good not even worth the drive .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super friendly people . open until 2 am and very good milk tea . boba can sometimes be overcooked but the milk tea makes up for it . they offer `` homemade '' delicious ice cream , it 's so good and tons of flavors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like this place . the drinks are amazing . i really recommend it to you guys . you will enjoy the drinks here , guarantee it ! awesome flavors and excellent service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place for vegan ice cream ! the most flavors i 've ever seen , actually . ca n't wait to try them made into a shake . definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wanted to treat the kids to ice cream . was excited to try . excitement did n't last . wo n't be back", "score": "2"}
{"review": "such an awesome and unique ice cream shop ! their fruity pebble ice cream is crazy good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gave it a 2 because my babe says his pistachio drink was ok . lacked flavor . i got the watermelon slushy . this was way too sweet and used all ice sugar and fruit flavor . gave this a one star because i get watermelon slushy from other places and at least they use real fruit . sugar over load . large price is reasonable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst service with multiple cancelled orders and then not answering the phones . i came here every week but will never give them my business again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the boba is soft and chewy , which is how it should be . i ordered the almond milk tea , it was good . husband got the coffee milk tea , nice strong coffee taste not watered down at all ! i would come back next time to try out their macaron ice cream !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place has the most unique amazing ice cream flavors ever.. i wish i could redo my childhood and come here all the time ... . they have tons of vegan options .. including chocolate chip vegan ice cream sandwich ... my non vegan friend had a bite of mine and loved it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first experience here was great . i walked in and was greeted instantly . the vibe was really chill , they have a chalk wall for people write draw on , board games to play , and plenty of places to sit down and talk . the staff were very welcoming and the owner , will , took the time to converse with me and let me sample some of his new menu selections . i ordered a passion fruit slush with boba and loved it . the boba was the perfect texture and you get a lot for the price of the drink . i would highly recommend this spot for anyone looking for some great boba or to just chill with friends . i want to try their macaron ice cream sandwich next !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite ice cream place in vegas ! i come here all the time and it 's become a ritual for me to come ever sunday night to end the week . i 'd say i tried half of their flavors now and they are all just so yummy . they even have vegan ice cream made with almond milk which is a huge plus in my books and it taste just as good as the regular ones . i normally get a double scoop to go and savor it throughout the week . if they sold their ice cream by the gallons i would totes buy it . i 'm a ice cream fanatic and i love their crazy flavors they 've been coming out with such as fruity pebbles , captain crunch , cookie monster , hokkaido milk tea , and my newest fave sea salt cream . if you wan na be basic and get the basic flavors those aare yummy too but the speciality ones are what you want to come here for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there around 1pm special for the boba . traveled around 40 mins just to get there and guess what ? the boba was n't ready for another hour she said ! ! how do you open your shop without the boba being ready ? that 's really retarded if you ask me . such a bummer when you travel for so long and far just to taste there boba smoothies i gave them 2 stars because they had cute macaroons", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we had high hopes , it did not quite live up to . ice cream was kinda crappy . the boba was a but over cooked and tasteless ( as tasteless as boba can be ) . we also had milkshakes that were just too milky , and lacked flavor . my daughters passionfruit drunk was nice , but it is all syrup based and i was really hoping for real fruit", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i live in hawaii and i had to make this place a part of my trip , the nutella banana was bomb ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited 3 10 . too expensive for what you get . i 'd much rather go to gelatology down the street . gentleman working at night did not do anything to improve the customer service . i do not want to give them my business again . also , gave us the wrong drink and the brownie sunday was half melted when they gave it to us , one of the scoops was nonexistent though we were most definitely charged for it . regret coming here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been here and i love the atmosphere and the ice creams . i actually not a fan of their boba , the boba itself is uncooked . they have this light bulb bottle which is cute", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after a rare customer service issue , the owner made sure to follow up with me and apologize for our last experience here . it says a lot about a place when an owner would write me directly and make things right for just one customer . so to him , i say thank you for caring ! you have a customer for life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you dont drink bobba tea and you dont have standard taste for bobba tea come over here but if ure someone like me who likes drinking bobba and set a high standard for bobba tea . this is a big no bobba tea place . the place looks ok , the customer service sucks and the guy who prep my drinks was wearing jersey sleeveless shirt . i saw his ( armpit ) hair . gross ! and he scooped d ice cream without freaking plastic gloves on and his armpit hair was almost touching the door of d freezer . i just wonder if they had customer who had drink his hair . i wasnt able to finish my drink . my friend 's ice cream wasnt good either", "score": "1"}
{"review": "5 stars for offering vegan options ! ! ! their vegan smoothies are healthier and better than any other places i 've been to ... i saw they had vegan cookies too i 'm gon na have to try that next time", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have a nice selection of homemade ice cream , with traditional american flavors ( chocolate , vanilla , strawberry , cookies & cream , etc . ) .as well as some more exotic asian specialties ( durian , taro , red bean , green tea , coconut , etc. ) . you can have them make an excellent macaron ice cream sandwich from a choice of 4 or 5 different cookie flavors along with your choice of ice cream . service is as friendly as it gets . i 'm so glad this little gem is right down the street from my house , but i would gladly travel across town ( to chinatown perhaps ) to get my fix .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the owner will is the awesome guy , very friendly , and they make the best home made ice cream here , the boba always perfectly cooked ! we love this place ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was a nice small ice cream shop with a variety of things from ice cream to boba drinks and a few specialty desserts like the ice cream macaroon sandwich . found this place on yelp and the reviews are spot on . we tried the ice cream macaroon sandwiches which were very large portions which i thought for the 6 dollar price tag was very fair . you get to choose the flavor macaroon and also the different ice cream flavor . the store is fairly small , but it has a real nice chill feel to it and the service was super friendly . the person that helped us was very helpful and her attitude was refreshing and upbeat . overall i really like this place and will be back . the overall prices are very reasonable and the ice cream is homemade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vegan ! ! ! they have vegan ice cream ! and its amazing ! highly reccomended ! friendly staff . good local ice cream spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best boba places i have been to ! the service is fantastic and the employees are super nice ! last time i went i got 5 free boba smoothies ! ! ! ! also , the prices are pretty decent and they have a large variety of vegan food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "customer service : i would n't consider top rating service . we were greeted upon entering but usually most employees are n't eager to serve you and would rather finish their chitter chatter with their friends that come in to hang out at the shop . products : the ice cream has a creamy base , flavors are good . i tried the cookie dough , thigh tea ( thai tea ) , rocky road , and lychee ; all were pretty tasty and unique . location : space is pretty small , consists of 4 two-top tables and a couch . my difficulty with the place is that employees have gone on smoke breaks and came in to serve customers without washing their hands . we 've also seen employees eat out of the ice cream tubs . and last would be nice to have a place to sit when you visit but most of the time it 's packed with teenagers playing board games , chatting , and on their laptops . if you come in the later hours do n't expect a nice place to enjoy your dessert , plan to take it to go .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my favorite ice cream ever ! ! ! the vegan chocolate peanut butter is so unbelievably good , and everything else i 've ever tried is good as well . it 's so hard to find vegan anything in las vegas and this ice cream is literally the best i 've ever had . owner is super friendly and will always give you a sample of as many different flavors you want to try ! i 'm so glad they opened a location on my side of town so i do n't have to drive 25 minutes for ice cream now ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice place to chill , the place looks a lot better than before , the staff are friendly . so if your looking for a place to chill with friends or family this might be a good place to go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cruising around at 3am looking for some good ice cream and stumbled upon this little gem . they have so many flavor options and very friendly staff . 5 star rating ! ps cookie butter ice cream is lit", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vegan options available here . finally ! it 's so hard to find good vegan sweets . their vegan brownie sundae was soooo satisfying . and the place has a nice look as well . highly recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while their sweet selection is interesting , i only go here out of proximity to my house . the price is higher than most tea houses and the drinks are a bit sweeter , but the staff is friendly and great vegan selection .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "interesting flavors ... ca n't say it 's the best tho . changed a lot after the original owner left . he was the real chef . ca n't copy a real chef 's recipe no matter how hard you try . just ca n't . overall a decent place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what 's that smell ? it 's the smell of sweet sweet fruity durian ice cream . ignore the haters who turn up their noses at the sweet nasal sensation of wafting durian cues and order that ice cream , order it proudly . five stars , would recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yeah definitely obsessed ! they have so many great vegan options and the texture of the ice cream is so creamy that you would n't even know it 's dairy free ! can we talk about the cinnamon toast crunch macaroons ! # gamechannger you must go now ! ! ! you 're welcome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is long overdue . when it 's 100+ degrees in vegas , all i can ever think about is , `` i really need an ice cold milk tea or some ice cream right about now ! '' this place is perfect because they offer both . =d i ordered a macaron ice cream sandwich and a milk tea because i could n't decide . both were freakin ' delicious compared to any other asian cafe place i had in vegas . the ice cream was smooth and not too icy , also the green tea flavor really stood out . the boba was perfectly chewy and sweet . recommend this place to anyone who needs something cool on a hot vegas day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so good ! really miss the soft macaroons though.. the last few times we went they were stale and the girls had no idea why . please fix this problem , i do n't want to look for another dessert spot lol", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place recently opened and is absolutely amazing ! my boyfriend and i booked a one-hour foot massage for $ 25 each . not expecting much , we very quite surprised when we were asked to remove jewelry ( not on our feet ) and jackets . our feet in a bucket of warm water , we lied down on the comfortable massage beds , and so it began . not with the feet , but with a face and scalp massage , going to the neck and shoulders , the arms and hands , and then , after the legs , to the feet which received much attention . then , our therapists worked on our backs , stretching and pressing all the right spots . the room was dark and filled with relaxing music . we were fully clothed the entire time . this was one of the best massages i have ever had ! the lady at the front desk was very friendly and professional , and so were the therapists . they know what they are doing ! you 'll leave relaxed and refreshed . a fantastic experience ! we certainly will be back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "closed . i hate that this information is not updated . yelp , can you be taking businesses down that are not around any more ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yes ! this place is great ! best massage i 've ever had and foot reflexology one hour only $ 25 . that is an amazing deal ! i 'll definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as most of these reviews have stated , if you do n't have a lifetime subscription to guns and ammo or know the weight in ounces of a g30s , do n't embarrass your self by asking a question . better yet save yourself the time and do n't walk through the door . these guys are jerks , they offer personal , not professional advice when you ask a question and proceed to tell you your wrong if you mention otherwise . i get it , the guy who works here with the holstered gun behind the counter knows more than me ! so when i ask a question , i would expect a professional response , not well i 've never liked that brand . there are many other firearms stores in the valley who are willing to build a solid customer base , this place is n't one of them .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went in this afternoon to purchase a gun , left empty handed due to rude customer service . these reviews are pretty on point -- the sales guy was way impressed with himself . dissapointing . they lost a sale because of him .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tucked away in the back of an old , outdoor shopping mall on the se corner of shea & scottsdale rd , this gun shop is pretty cool . we dropped in here to see what they had . to my surprise , they 're very competitively priced . i saw an ak-style rifle for $ 559 and a glock 19 for $ 499 . exactly what i was looking for ! the place was busy on the day we went , but the guys working there were very friendly and assisted us with our purchase . in addition to a nice selection of guns , they sell a large variety of accessories and ammo . it 's definitely worth dropping by if you 're in the area and looking for guns or accessories . return factor - 90 %", "score": "4"}
{"review": "extraordinarily kind and efficient . they teach you as well as sell , if you require the help . i was so impressed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really helpful and courteous employees ; answered all my questions regarding my firearm purchase . they get a nice selection of used weapons too . dave has always been helpful and patient with my questions . want to get a full auto , silenced gun ? they can help you ! oh yea , they 're at scottsdale and shea in scottsdale , not pv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went into the store was greeted and asked if i needed help . store was busy but clerk came to help quickly . only had a vague idea what i wanted . clerk was very professional and explained all my options . set me up with a gun made sure i new how to work it and answered all my questions . processed paperwork and while waiting for paperwork to come back kept asking if i needed anything else . saw some negative reviews about their service.after shopping there and the service i received i think the bad reviews are more of a reflection of the people that wrote them . definitely will shop there again , highly recommend this store and thier staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice gun shop with a pretty good selection . i was a little nervous going in because i am relatively new to fire arms and was looking to make my first purchase . i was immediately greeted upon entering the store and asked what i was looking for . since i had a pretty good idea of what i wanted i was directed right away to where the gun i wanted was . kurt helped me and there was no pressure to buy or to change my mind . when i told him i wanted to buy it he said ok great and got me started on the paper work . will go back and recommend to my friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the store has a decent inventory and even though it 's not a huge building the layout works well . prices are reasonable , they will help you find what you are looking for and if they do n't have it will give a business card or phone number to a place that does . had some customer service issues that took way too long to resolve . other than that it 's an ok store . the gentleman that rang us up tonight also told us about a great restaurant to check out in the area that definitely hit the spot ! 3 5 stars", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm very disappointed i 've called for a couple questions on a firearm for my girlfriend the man on the phone was very rude and was rushing me to get off the phone and tell me if i was done asking him questions", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best gun shop i have been to in az ! ! biggest selection and really good prices . staff is very friendly and very helpful with an questions you may have .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these guys are awesome - friendly and helpful . i was having some trouble with my colt woodsman the other day and even though they do n't do traditional gunsmithing , they fixed me up . the charge - free ! great customer service , great selection - i will definitely come back here for ammo and weapon purchases .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to several gun stores looking and pricing . went back to these guys at bear arms . not because of pricing but because of the knowledge , customer service , and awesome selection of everything . you walk in the door and someone says hello ! and how can we help you ? ... . nice ! ... .found my one stop that 's for sure and yes way better pricing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place in arizona to purchase a firearm , period . all the staff are very friendly , and very knowledgeable . i 've made several purchases there , and will continue to do so in the future . thanks to all the staff at bear arms !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this a 2 week late review but i wanted to leave one anyway . i came here to bear arms a couple weeks ago looking to buy a new gun . i was torn between to that i really liked so i stopped in here being that i was in north scottsdale anyway . this is an awesome place . the guys here are very cool and knowledgable . they made me feel comfortable and never pressured me once about making the purchase . i like that they were cool enough to shoot the shit with me and my brother in law about some of the special firearms they have in there . needless to say i couldnt make my decision right away so i left and after deciding what i wanted to buy , i drove back all the way there from westgate to make my purchase . they have the best prices and the coolest people working there . i will make my next purchase here again in a couple months .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice guys . fair prices . did n't gouge me when ammo was low . love their handguns here . have bought a few guns here ( h & k 9mm , ruger mark 111 , shotgun ) . most of all they are close to me and very cool about ffl transfers of guns bought elsewhere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe i did n't know about this place before . i ordered a firearm through the web and chose bear arms as the closest ffl to where i live . when i went to pick it up , the employee ( i wish i could remember his name , because he deserves a shout out ) showed me my new gun and walked through some of the basics . he then helped me pick out a new benchmade knife , which is something i 've been wanting for years . no high pressure sales , just helped me make a decision . very knowledgeable and helpful staff . i walked out with 2 brand new toys and a big smile . he was very enthusiastic about the products they sell and very honest about his recommendations ( no pushing to buy the expensive items ) . i ca n't say enough about what a great experience this was . i 'll be back . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always fair prices , friendly service , and if they do n't have it thy can get it with no shipping . i have been shopping here for years and i 'm always impressed with the high quality of service and expertise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have purchased 2 firearms from this shop ( a glock 23 and a colt le6920 ) . both guns had problems . in both cases , they offered nothing to resolve the issues . the glock was replaced by the factory , and the colt still sits without resolution . once you leave the store with the firearm , they will do nothing if you find there is a problem and bring it back . both guns were `` brand new '' when purchased and the problems arose immediately . if you purchase a firearm at this shop , be sure to look it over carefully before money changes hands . cosmetic issues are particularly annoying and seem to be present on many of their guns . maybe they were not `` brand new '' ? buyer beware !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm extremely happy i stopped by to see the shop . everyone greets you when you walk in . was looking for a stripped lower to start my build . asked if i could bring in my upper to match the part , settled on a spikes lower . the main reason for my 5 star review , the handshake i received after my purchase . i 'll surely be back for more toys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little firearms store at scottsdale and shea . much cheaper than scottsdale gun club for ammunition as well as firearms . plus they will wheel and deal with you especially on used guns .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is best firearms dealer in the phoenix area . i have been buying firearms from them for almost 20 years . they have never sold me a bad gun . here 's where they ca n't be beat ... the prices . my latest purchase was just yesterday . a .380 kimber micro carry . new in box price was $ 539 . the next cheapest dealer i could find that carried this pistol in stock was $ 649 . before you go any place else , call bear arms and get thier price . while thier in store service and prices are tops , i must withhold the 5th star because they do not have a very useful website . when trying to inquire about in-stock items , it just redirects you to send them a message . most businesses should know that many shoppers now use the internet to price compare , and wo n't bother with a site that does n't show availability or prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought my first firearm from these guys yesterday . the staff is very friendly and didnt make feel like an idiot with all my questions . some other gun shops have a sense of elitism that puts people off but not these guys . i was referred here by a friend and will come back for future purchases . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased my first handgun here through excellent patience and assistance from adam . although i have been looking around , i ultimately purchased from this particular store due to prices and and being close . despite that , i saw some of the best prices here and a very good selection and customer service experience . the personnel were very welcoming and informative and i 'll stop by quite often for ammo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been dealing with bear arms for about a decade and have purchased 20 or so firearms from them during that time . the store is small but they keep a good stock of an assortment of different firearms and given the size of the store they keep a fairly decent variety of assesories . they are the easiest i have ever dealt with when it comes to ffl transfers although they do charge a bit more for it but to me it is well worth the extra cost for the ease . the staff is knowledgeable but i have dealt with some that lack customer service skills and come off as smug but to be honest that is a common trait in most gun stores i have been to . i drive across town to go here and although i continue trying other shops closer to my home i keep coming back . as for pricing i have found it to be a mix bag . on somethings they are higher than other shops and on others they fit right inline but if you buy without doing your research then that is on you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down best gun shop i 've been to . i went to 5 other gun shops looking for a new ar15 before coming to bear arms , they were extremely helpful , efficient , knowledgable and friendly . literally every single employee in their greeted me and made sure i was being helped . kurt answered all my questions and helped me find the right firearm for me . they 've got my business for all my firearm needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best gun stores in the valley , their selection is unbeatable and their prices are great considering the location . i bought a used para 1911 from them that did n't work properly , they stood behind there product and fixed it.i 'm very pleased with bear arms and will definitely be recommending them and buying more products .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection and very knowledgeable and friendly staff . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time buying a gun . outstanding customer service from daryl and the the team there . great selection and setup of the store . thank you guys ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "4stars so far until i do more purchases which i highly feel i am . these guys have a extensive inventory for the m4 ar15 platform . bolts , lpk , receivers , etc.. very impressed . polite staff as you know gun store employees can usually have dull personalities . i shop and buy from lots of gun shops and pawn shops . i will return soon prices are bit more on the parts side gun prices were definitely in range or average . walked in to check out and of course i cant resist but to buy something small for now .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "prices beat out everyone else , sketchy pawn shops included . moreover the staff is so knowledgable and meets you where you are to teach you what you need to know without being condescending . it means a lot that they prioritize education and responsible handling over making a quick buck . made my first of what will be many purchases from them yesterday and i guarantee i will be back for classes and further purchases . also , they offer to order in accessories they do n't have in stock with no shipping costs . bitchin ' . shout out to carol , girl you 're awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "helpful , knowledgeable , and friendly staff . wide selection of merchandise . reasonable prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had to do a firearm transfer , the guys at bear arms helped me out communicate with the noveske and made it really easy for me , highly recommend . i love their new shop that has a big guns selection ,", "score": "5"}
{"review": "look this is an average gun store . i have probably bought 3 guns from this place but i usually buy them from their booth at the gun show . they have a descent selection to choose from but i would n't buy a knife or ammo from these guys ( knives are so much cheaper online ) . the prices are average but you can find better prices if you call around also the store is kind of small and crowded .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the bear arms staff are `` super '' and very accommodating . the store selection and prices are `` great '' . just bought my third firearm from them . check them out before you buy elsewhere . wilson .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here to have a small repair , and though the gentlemen do n't win any personality contest , they fixed my repair at no charge . it looks like a small store from the outside but is very well displayed inside seem to have a good selection of guns . i checked some of the prices there and they were right in line . i will go back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm putting these guys up there on my favorite gun shops in az . it 's not a huge store , and the selection of accessories is a bit small , but they have a decent sized collection of quality rifles , shotguns , and pistols . the sales staff was helpful and friendly . the prices are also very good . close to what you would pay on gunbroker or buds . the only reason i do n't give it 5 stars is for two reasons : 1 . they need a better inventory of holsters and after market sights for the pistols they sell 2 . when you buy a new handgun , the hard case has a sticker from bear arms slapped on it . while a free sticker is cool , i prefer they let me decide if i want it on my new gun case . overall , it 's a good shop and i 've already recommended it to a friend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! ! ! what an inventory ! ! ! now a year into their giant new location these guys are raising the bar for all the other non chain gun stores . best inventory of hand guns , long guns ars & shot guns of any store i 've been to in the valley . their staff is always friendly and every one of them are knowledgable on the product . they are always well staffed . the place is clean and well merchandised . plenty of parking . open 7 days . they offer ccw classes as well as others . rental of steel reactive targets is available . plenty of ar stuff in stock if you want to build your own . prices are higher than mail order but fair for a retail store . in summary , i would highly recommend these guys as a place to check out and you can make your own decision to buy on your own .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "largest selection of guns i 've ever seen ! knowledgeable staff who are polite and accommodating with people new to firearms . everyone there definitely wants the new buyer to leave comfortable . i watched a transaction with two women yesterday and the sales guy did n't try to sell them something they did n't need or want . he just answered their questions and made thoughtful recommendations . would absolutely recommend this place to people new to firearms and experienced people too because of their insane selection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't waste your time going all over the city looking for a gun . just give these guys a call or come on down and your problems will be solved . always good selection", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was visiting from california and wanted to see what we were missing . the customer service here was great . super friendly and they let me look at a lot of different guns .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great local gun shop . big selection of unusual firearms and all the traditional ones . prices are a bit steep but within reason . the people are very helpful and nice to deal with . this is now my local gun store . good job and keep it up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have taken my boat to this company since 1980 . always treated fair on prices and they do the best job ever on repairs . i went to another marine shop once , big mistake on my part . next time i will wait for bergeron engineering for all my oil changes and repairs . thanks for all the great service over the years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when it comes to marine engines , drives , and custom marine machining , this is the only place to go to in phoenix . prices are reasonable and the knowledge and help you get is priceless .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best place to buy boat part and get your boat serviced they are always very helpful and knowledgeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "john of dreamcoat has got this all wrong . our door was never scheduled for servicing until after mike broke it . his information is incorrect . i stand by my original review - this company is not into customer service , only collecting money . i advise anyone considering this company to due their due diligence . the old saying : you get what you pay for comes to mind .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my floor looks good and i 'm very happy with how it turned out . i think they went above and beyond to do it the `` right way '' . the downside is the lack of communication from the owner workers . i would have to pry information to figure out when they were coming back the next day ( if they were even coming ) . then , i forgot to ask for my receipt once i paid for the floor and i can not get john to answer his phone or bring me a receipt . he has my money and i do n't think i will be hearing from him again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was gross and way over priced ! i have a feeling i 'll be paying for eating this tomorrow !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "maggie cooks up some great indonesian food . you have to try the peanut sauce with curry .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ate at the jakarta cafe food truck last night at sandburg elementary , madison , wi . it was a mix . the egg rolls were great . the mango smoothie was n't cold enough . there was no ice in it . so , the smoothie was too warm on a warm day . the chicken fried rice was too dry . the chicken was dry and the rice was very dry . my wife observed that the rice was cooked in a microwave . the chicken fried rice seemed old and had sat for a while . $ 20 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "total rip off for food that is mediocre at best . chicken curry is $ 10 for something that is nearly all rice , and the curry is almost all cheap root vegetables with an off flavor . and when you order , the server asks if you want spring roll like it comes with it but it 's actually a separate $ 6 thing . and then she gives you your change with singles like she deserves a tip . there are too many other good food carts around here for this place . skip it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we found this place but closed . then called maggie she was pretty nice told us and cooked for us at home and delivered told us . peanut curry appetizer , dumplings , chicken curry and one more beef dish i forgot the name . it taste great ! ! and thanks for the hospitality !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful food . the chicken curry with peanut hash browns is a sweet spicy delight ; the beef dish was soft and tangy ; the veggie spring rolls crispy on the outside and moist and tender inside . then you should know about the delicious lemonade and the excellent smoothie . what a treat to escape to southeast asia for just the cost of a meal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son just turned 7 and we thought this may be a neat activity for him . we dropped him off on a saturday night , not knowing what to expect or if we would be called that he wanted to come home . he is usually a bit shy . we walked to dinner a few blocks away and came back with about 20 minutes till the end of class . my shy 7 year old saw me at the window of the classroom , smiled , waved and went right back to his coding and when the class was over a few minutes later told us how fun it was that he could not wait to do it again . needless to say , my wife signed him up for 3 more classes and he ca n't wait to do more", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the communication with this place is horrible . signed my children up for camp and they take my credit card payment immediately . only after they get the money they informed us that the program we signed our children up for is now cancelled due to low enrollment . but can they refund your money ? no ! the refund has to come through the scottsdale unified school district and has to be approved and a check will be written in 3 weeks because `` they need to have a paper trail . '' no they ca n't run a refund on their credit card processing like every other businesses does . coda kid tells us it 's the school district responsibility to inform us of any changes . yet the school district tells us it is coda kids responsibility . but this place is tied into the school district so it 's a nightmare to get anything done with them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my 11-year-old son loves this place and his camp . while he is a minecraft enthusiast , he was not thrilled that i enrolled him in camp , but when i picked him up after the first day , he was beaming . he is watching coding videos online at home and is ready for the next camp . the facilities are very nice and his instructor , peter , really made it a fantastic experience . i also appreciate that he is n't in front of the computer all day , even though he has spent many days at home doing nothing else ! there are games and activities spread out . it is more than worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing group of advisers and teachers . my grandson has special needs ( adhd , autism -high functioning , and bipolar ) and although he struggles sometimes in school he is doing great in this camp . he is in the wolves room learning fundamentals of java scripting . this camp is building his self confidence while allowing him to create mods for his favorite video game . so pleased with the results so far this week . highly recommend . and they have t-shirts for sale for $ 25.00 good quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we got a group on for this for our 10 year old daughter . the environment was kid friendly and high tech . the staff were super friendly . she had a great time and was able to make minecraft mods on her first night . she had a blast and was eager to come come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my nine and seven year old daughters and their two friends attended a code-a-thon and had a great time . the environment was very kid friendly and the staff was great ! my girls got hands on help with learning how to make a lightning bow mod for minecraft . my girls said the instructors were very fun , knowledgeable and helpful . when i picked them up they were sad the night was over and immediately asked when they could return . great , safe , educational activity for kids . ca n't wait to return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough about how much we love codakid ! my 10yo son has been going there for about 6 months- he has attended a few code-a-thons , classes and even had his birthday party there . the staff is friendly , helpful and accommodating . it is a very safe environment . i am thrilled that we have such an awesome place right nearby . we are very lucky to have david dodge ( the owner ) creating such an amazing environment for our kids ! ! ! thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 8 year old son loved this camp ! it was clean , organized , engaging , educational , and most importantly , lots of fun ! we will definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 8-year-old loves codakid more than just about anything ! ! ! it was the highlight of his week at school and the staff is just incredible ! your child will be thrilled to attend their after school program , codathons and summer camps !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my daughter and her bff to the intro class since they are both minecraft addicts . they absolutely loved it ! they came out of the class ( as did most kids we saw ) so excited to talk about everything they had learned and could not wait to get home and use what they learned . all of the instructors were super friendly and worked great with the kids . the only downfall ( for us ) was the distance from our home . hope they can get another location further east soon as our kids would be there often !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down my sons favorite summer camp . the content is great and the advisors are awesome as well . highly recommend ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 12 yr old daughter loves codeakid . we 've been sending her for years and no matter what camp or event she always learns something and has a great time . she has learned valuable coding skills that will help her later in life . the staff are kind , helpful and have lots of tech experience . excellent customer service from all involved and the downtown scottsdale location is beautiful . would highly recommend codeakid .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what a great camp ! my son loved it . everyone was accommodating , knowledgeable and fun . i highly recommend codakid !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i are so thankful for this awesome place and it 's incredible staff ! ask my 11-year-old daughter where her favorite place to `` hang out '' is ... she 'll tell you codakid ! and how lucky are we that she has picked a positive , learning environment . i am so impressed with codakid 's owner , david dodge . he has designed classes and programs to teach our kids what they are most passionate about and has selected a staff that is engaged and dedicated to making sure our kids have fun while learning how to code . we are so lucky to have a place ike codakid available to us in the valley !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was impressed with codakid from start to finish . i had questions so i called twice , once getting the owner . they were so helpful - i did n't feel rushed or like i was bothering them . i decided to try to the `` parents night out '' on friday at the scottsdale location . my eight year old son loves minecraft but he is extremely shy so i was worried about whether he would have fun . the staff was very welcoming to us . at the end i arrived a little early and i could not believe how loud it was in their room - i even heard mine talking loudly from the lobby where i was waiting . for those of you thinking about it and wandering if it is right for your child - try it ! i am so glad i gave this opportunity to my son .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a must see toronto landmark because you practically see it everywhere you are in toronto . one of the nicer skyscrapers i have seen in my travels . looks great in skyline pictures and at night when it is lit up . the base is right by the blue jays stadium but pictures of the tower look the best by the waterfront .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here with my family while visiting toronto and we enjoyed ourselves . it is very similar to the sears tower in chicago but it was very nice as well . they had one elevator out of service but they moved the traffic fast . the glass floor in the tower was so scary but it was really fun . the view was beautiful and they have a revolving restaurant up top as well . they also have the sky pod where you can look from the edge of the tower . nice place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "driving into toronto , the sky was a brilliant , clear blue . absolutely a perfect day to go up the cn tower , right ? well ... my friends and i decided to explore around our hotel ( i.e . find the bars and clubs ) instead and go the next day . we woke up to a gray , foggy , drizzly morning . hmm . we decided to traipse over to the cn tower anyways and give it a shot . ha ! the pleasant girls at the ticket booth told us it was 0 % visibility at the top . awesome . so we went to the gift shop instead and bought souvenirs ! i 'm a sucker for those little maple syrup jugs . we did take some neat pictures of the tower anyway , with half of it disappearing into pure white fog . it was also nice to walk around the base of it , there were cute displays of foliage . hopefully next time the weather will cooperate and i can scare the crap out of myself by standing on the glass !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "heights give me the heebie jeebies . however , the cn tower turned out to be a very nice visit and was one of the highlights of our three day visit to canada . the sights at the top were amazing ! we happened to go right before evening set in and watched all the city lights go on . all the workers on the inside up were really nice too ( i guess i was n't the only skeerd person they 'd come across lol ) although the tickets were a little pricey , i was well satisfied by the experience . if i visit toronto again , and have a little extra mula , i may go back up to try out their bar : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a tourist thing to do.. just going once is more than enough ! comparing to tokyo tower , shanghai pearl tower , and others , i actually found this a little lacking in terms of information . i went up all the way to the top , but it did n't have any information about the tower or toronto . it does n't have information what you are looking out at . before the elevator , it said it can see as far out as niagara falls but no one know which windows we need to look out at . with the long wait on the elevators , but at most you can spend on top is maybe 5-10min ... the 4-6 glass panel sky floor is cool . for better deal , just buy a drink at the 360 restaurant and you can see the same view as the glass sky floor level", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the cn tower is one of the busiest attractions in all of toronto , and the world 's tallest observation deck . we came in the summer so it was extremely crowded . there are multiple elevators that one can take once inside the tower . one elevator goes to the standard viewing area and glass floor - another elevator is taken to the sky deck - and one for the edgewalk . the views were jaw-dropping . there is literally a 360 ' view of toronto , it 's incredible . i know safety measures must me met , but there was never a pure view that was n't obstructed by some type of netting or glass . the main complaint i have is that i felt very cramped throughout my entire visit , but i understand that space becomes more limited the higher up on the tower you go . this attraction truly is at the heart of toronto , and a must for every tourist .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "meh ... really was n't worth the visit to me . it may be tall , but not visually appealing except at night from afar ! tourist trap !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow . i 've been twice and this is the de facto high point of a visit to toronto , no pun intended . the first time involved a climb to the main observation platform , at about 1,100 ft. above the ground , and which has the glass floor . yes , i have the obligatory photo of my shoes on the glass floor some 100 stories above downtown toronto . the second time included both the main observation platform and the optional ( added cost ) higher skypod , at 147 stories . the views are stunning and you wo n't want to come down . the cn tower , the iconic symbol of toronto , is like a beacon . whether driving in from montreal or from the niagara falls area , or flying into yyz with a window seat , it announces toronto from a long ways off and , especially when illuminated , makes for a stunning sight .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what can i say ? it 's all about the view when it comes to the cn tower ! we had been to the top many years ago but we were in toronto for the weekend with a group that was going to have dinner at the restaurant at the top . of course to get there we needed to take the elevator to the top where the restaurant was located . we all met at the tower entrance at the agreed time and proceeded through security and then to the queue for the elevator . it was a very fast trip to the restaurant level where we checked in and were told it would be a short wait . we went down the stairs one level where we could get drinks and look out over the city of toronto below us . after the meal we had choices to move to an observation deck or where we could have drinks . of course , we could also just get on the elevator for the trip back down which is what we did . of course , the exit is through the gift shop !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time to toronto and i guess the cn tower is where everybody goes to at least once . my time here was ok but similar to other towers around the world this is still the tallest as far as i know . we decided since we were going to be downtown for a evening baseball game at the rogers center ( sky dome ) . the trip that day was not cooperative , it was cloudy and raining . when we got to the top it was everything i expected , a view inside a cloud ! walking on the outdoor deck could be best described as a cold fog bank at 1500 ft above the ground . we were s.o.l . for a good view except down through the glass plexi floor area . the views were not so hot so we continued on to the 3d movie and the motion ride which to me were boring . on the way out and caught in the gift shop i resisted buying any souvenirs , but thinking back i should have gotten something .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "waste of money , eh ? the line just to buy tickets is like a disney line , without the real payoff . then there is the second line to actually go up the tower . you can go high , really high , or super high . the difference between the three levels is ... .not impressive . i enjoyed the opportunity to take some truly unique photos , however , after about 10 minutes , i wished i had my $ 60 back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love it ! ! ... if you are visiting toronto you must go there ! ! ! .. it offers the most beautiful view of the city , and the glass floor is really cool ! ! if you like adventure , you can try the edge walk ... it seems amazing ! ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely something to experience when you come to toronto . beautiful expansive views of the city by day or by night and plenty of opportunities to take pictures . splurge and get the glass floor package if you can , because this is something you probably wo n't experience anywhere else . when you step on the glass floor , you have an unimpeded view of the city 147 floors below where you are standing . based on what i read on a wall , this glass floor is so strongly reinforced that it can hold the weight of 14 hippos at one time , now that 's impressive . go and enjoy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here many times-the place just makes me proud to be a canadian.just love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're in toronto as a tourist you have to do this . it 's only the tallest tower in the world ! the tickets are pretty pricey depending on which package you get , but the views from above are amazing . i suggest going earlier in the morning , because the later you go , the longer the lines & the waits get . i think it 's worth it to pay a little more to go to the sky pod & have a higher view . if you go on a clear day it 's beautiful . also , the glass floor was pretty rad . a few of the people i went with were a little scared at first , but it 's so much fun to be able to walk over the glass & see everything underneath you so far below . it is not meant for those scared of heights tho . all in all , it 's worth taking the time to do , especially if you want to be able to see toronto from above .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what is to not love about the cn tower . it is amazing going up to the observation level and looking out over the city . what you need to do is stand over the glass floor . awesome . anyway , it 's up to you how you want to get up to the top . you can take the elevator up or take the stairs ! i forget the price , but it is n't free to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the cn tower is a beautiful landmark building but i must admit , it 's a total tourist trap . i much prefer looking at the cn tower rather than looking from it . general tickets are $ 35 and it includes a 58-second elevator ride to the indoors lookout observation level , the glassfloor and the outdoors sky terrace , and two 15-min films at the attractions level about the red rocket ( toronto 's bus system ) and the construction of the cn tower .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of the worst `` restaurants in a fancy tall tower '' restaurant . the quality of food is depressingly low . me and my girlfriend took a reservation here at 8 pm and were seated in a table for 2 which was not adjacent to the mirrors . upon our request we were moved after 45 minutes of wait time to a table near the windows . this is perfectly fine because they always have a page volume of people to accommodate . i was actually glad that they considered my girlfriends request and moved us accordingly but then came the sad part . we took the 2 course pri-fix menu in which she ordered he chicken and i order the salmon . the chicken was dry , hard and felt cooked a long time ago . the salmon was clearly not fresh and the fish overall was below average . i have had much better salmon in restaurants while paying much less . all in all , i would recommend people to not at all waste their money on the food here . just come up for the view and leave .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "although i have fear of heights this a must see . the view is amazing . the glass floor on the observation deck is not for the faint of heart .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the tallest buildings in the world and the view from the top is just amazing ... they also have a glass floor which is way better and a lil scarier compared to the one in willis tower . had to wait in line for an hour or so because of the canada day long weekend but it was totally worth it ... they also have edgewalk and i think it even scared me to look at other people do it . walking around in a circle on top of the cn tower building and then standing on the edge ... . still scares me to even think about it ... but overall loved the view from this tower specially the skypod ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "must see as in any city with such an attraction , especially on a beautiful day . not worth the extra $ 10 to go up in the highest skypod the view is not substantially different , certainly not $ 10 different ! also , the himalamazon motion ride is not one of the better ones . not particularly robust .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a landmark for sure . an incredibly expensive one ! the view is cool if you can afford it . strictly for tourists .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great view of toronto . loved the glass floor -- scary feeling standing on the floor .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great view of toronto area ; it was quite pricey to get in , but because of the amazing weather we had the day we visited , it worth every penny . the glass floor was a lot of fun ... the prices at the gift shop were very high to say the least !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saw a great view of lake ontario and the city of toronto , at all angles . my friend and i had our picture taken on the glass floor .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "okay , so what if this place is touristy ? ! you 're in toronto and this place was made for tourists for goodness sakes ! you ca n't come to toronto and not visit the cn tower . i 'm glad we did . we did the tower experience which gets you the general admission + the skypod . glad we got it and took in all the sites of toronto from high above ! the glass floor was something else too . for a person who has skydived , parasailed , and hanglided ( is that even a word ? ! lol ) , i was a bit terrified to walk onto the glass floor . it took a few minutes for me to feel comfortable getting on it . once i got used to it , i was sitting on it , laying on it , and even jumping on it ! the glass floor was pretty cool to be on and see the ground down below through the glass . glad we got to experience the cn tower !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally got around to visiting the to landmark . for whatever its worth on a bright sunny day the view is beyond compare in the city . it was a bit crowded and things kept moving fast . i kinda liked the security screening machine ( why oh why they do n't have it at airport as it will speed things up real fast . ) and looks futuristic . is it worth it ? sure if you are with visitors from out of town . observation deck is kept clean and as for the outdoor deck not so much but you get to enjoy the strong wind and the view is understandably obstructed by all the mesh for security . did n't go to the pod though maybe next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the cn tower is a place our family likes to go for special occasions . if you have a clear sky , the view is spectacular . the food is amazing and very gourmet . their aaa prime rib is exceptional . the reason why i am giving them 3 stars is that as a person who is dairy and gluten-free , it is not always easy to convey this information to the waiters . it is a real hit and miss if they will take you seriously . i have been there a least a dozen times over the years and have gotten my fair share of grumpy waiters . we enjoy the view and food so much that we tend to ignore them after our food is served . if the service changed i would change my rating to 5 stars . be sure to check out the observation deck ! it is really cool .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the cn tower is great to visit , make sure weather is good , for that you need to plan in advanced as the views will be the best when less clouds are out . on a foggy day you can not see the top of the cn tower !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst day ever , waited 2 hours in the line up to find out my online tickets did n't work ... another 30 mins in that line to get new tickets , another 15 mins in the line up for the elevator ... and to get down another 45 mins ! so if you 're fine with waiting in line ups for 4 hrs on a wednesday afternoon go for it . also why close the stairs ? i 'm in good shape why ca n't i walk down the stairs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so yelp was n't even a thought in someone 's mind the last time i was here ( about 13 years ago ) but i always talk about it and tell people to have dinner at the restaurant here , preferably at night . i came here with my family during the 2003 frozen four . we sat right by the window as the sun was setting and by the time the hour was up , we got to see the falls all lit up . it was stunning . it was pricey but worth the experience . the staff was wonderful and it was certainly a trip to remember . a must-see for anyone going to toronto .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a must see when you come to toronto . i love this place . go onto the glass floor and look down . it 's pretty cool . my family loves it here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the views are obviously the number one attraction here . however , staff is under whelming and slightly rude . the amount of people hovered over the glass and how its not monitored is alarming . also , do n't forget on top of their admission prices is the hst tax that is not required but you 'll pay it as a tourist because they do n't care to take it off . i would recommend going to the skylon in niagara falls if you are just making this a day trip .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worth a trio to the main viewing deck.. yes you can stand on the glass floor , it will not break and you can take some great pictures of the city . eat before you visit so you will not get endup paying for the overpriced food there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a must go ! ! an amazing experience . the first ten minutes can be a little funny because it 's literally spinning . but after that it is simply amazing , you get to see canada in a whole other view while getting a great meal with waiters with excellent experience . nothing was to big or small of an request . i can not find any faults . go go go", "score": "5"}
{"review": "long lines on a saturday did not deter us from going to the see the tower . amazing view . i avoided the glass floor as i am afraid of heights , and did not want to look down . cool place , nice people working there . got a picture made of us photoshopped flying around the tower and it was good for a few laughs ! even though it touristy it still is a fun thing to do . 360 degree views of the city certainly seemed interesting ... .a cool place to visit !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not only is this a dope looking structure but the views from up top are something to behold . this spot is a good landmark to view the city from 360 degrees . the inside of the cn tower is well maintained but the elevator could get pretty crowded fast . once you are at the top , look for good picturesque spot and snap away . selfies all day ! ! ! ! but do n't spend too much time at a certain because it could get really crowded up there . yes , the crowds could be a bit annoying but the experience is more than worth it . note : great place to bring someone that you are getting serious about ! ! ! tha yelp daddy was really pleased with his experience here minus the crowds but they were looking for the same type of experience too ... no hate , no hate ! ! ! i am just saying that the crowds are something to prepare for , you feel me ? i really enjoyed myself ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered the 2-course meal . the appetizer came out in a timely fashion . however , we waited over 40 minutes for our main entree . by the time that our food arrived at the table , the food was luke warm . i was so hungry that i really did n't have time to send it back . for the price of the meal i would expect much better service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "even if you do n't want to pay to go up there are some great tourist views and photo ops at the base of the tower including the canada150 sign . classic tourist must .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the cn tower is a must visit attraction in toronto . you wo n't actually understand its height unless you 're up there . the view of the city is amazing and the best part is the glass floor . my only problem with this is the pricing , to actually reach the top you have to pay a little extra and imo it 's not worth it at all . it 's only a few more floors . i think they should include it in the main ticket . i have n't been to the restaurant but i 've heard it 's really good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is great for a night out with someone special . dress up and enjoy the view as you dine !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not worth the wait . wait to go through security . wait to get to the hard sell of taking a picture at a green screen . wait to ride an elevator to the 360 . wait to ride an elevator to the skypod . too much waiting for adults or children for at best obstructed views .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there was a time when i was in toronto on business every 4-6 weeks , and i fell in love with the beautiful , multicultural city . the cn tower is a fun way to see it in all of its splendor . the 3 times i 've visited the cn tower have also included dinner - why not ? good food and service ( not great but solid ) whether you are in a large group or just a few people and the views are terrific .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty cool . way way way up there . very organized staff , a little pricey but the tourists are paying it . if its cold or windy forget about doing the skywalk .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really great views from the top . i would suggest getting there when it opens so that you have a chance to see everything . they had 2 restaurants we did not eat there but the prices look reasonable . the glass floor was one of the most unique things i have ever seen . it only takes less than a minute to get to the top and then back down . you can also go outside and look down as well . i would advise not going around sunset , there was a 3 hour wait .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "must come when in toronto . however , it 's a one time thing . i would n't come back unless i visit the area in another 10-15 years . i came on a clear day so i could see for miles . long lines though . i did the general plus added the skypod experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to a huge amount of tourist attractions over the past 10 years , not sure the two hour wait in the queues was worth it . ticket sales , entry to the attraction could be organised better . however , if you 're prepared to wait ! ! ! going up the tower and coming down ... . the tower does give you a fantastic view of toronto . was n't my highlight of toronto ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good view from the top , the weather could have been better the toronto skyline is nowhere near as imposing as some of the others out there in the world", "score": "4"}
{"review": "una de las mayores trampas para turistas que jam\u00e1s he visitado . el precio es completamente abusivo ( 45 $ para la primera planta , a los que tienes que a\u00f1adir 12 $ si quieres visitar la superior ) y lo que ofrece es lo siguiente : - una largu\u00edsima cola de espera . largu\u00edsima . - unas vistas curiosas de la ciudad en un entorno plagado de personas . much\u00edsimas personas . tantas como para caminar inc\u00f3modamente . - un suelo de cristal que no puedes ver porque ... est\u00e1 lleno de gente y no te puedes ni acercar . es un lugar que ha muerto de \u00e9xito porque todo el mundo lo visita pero la experiencia es realmente horrible . no s\u00e9 c\u00f3mo es la segunda planta , porque no pagu\u00e9 el suplemento , pero la primera era muy agobiante . adem\u00e1s , hab\u00eda que hacer otra cola para ir a esa segunda planta . demencial . acud\u00ed porque ten\u00eda un descuento , pero si llego a pagar la entrada completa me hubiera sentido realmente mal . coge los casi 60 $ y aprov\u00e9chalos para hacer cualquier otra cosa en la ciudad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "another amazing tourist attraction . fantastic landmark to visit . even if your scared of heights like me . once you reach the top . you can look down and stand on glass which lets u look downwards as you can see by some pictures . its fantastic . definately a place to visit . everyone looks like ants from the height that your at . and its guarnteed safe . so dont be scared to walk on it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "la parte migliore : l'ascensore con vista all'ingresso ! ! mi toglieva il fiato the best part for me was when the elevator started its ride towards the top of the tower . the view was breathtaking , priceless !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super aussicht nachdem man ( wie wohl bei allen touri-attraktionen ) ein wenig angestanden hat . toll ist der gl\u00e4serne boden , welcher es wirklich in sich hat . eigentlich dachte ich bisher mir macht h\u00f6he nichts aus . voll gro\u00dfer t\u00f6ne bewege ich mich in richtung glasboden und siehe da ist das ( angenehm ) eklig : ) h\u00e4tte nicht gedacht , dass das ein so merkw\u00fcrdiges gef\u00fchl ist . sehr cool wenn das stadion , welches sich driekt neben dem cn-tower befindet , sein dach ge\u00f6ffnet hat , kann man sogar ein baseball-spiel von oben aus betrachten : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no , i did not walk out onto the glass floor where the children delighted in jumping up & down on . i did stand with my toes on the edge and bought a souvenier though : - ) this is one of the tallest towers in the world & well worth purchasing a ticket & going to the top . iirc there was a specific time connected to the ticket so you 'll know when you 'll be speeding up the outside of the tower to the top . very cool !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful architecture ! you just ca n't go wrong with the canadians ; ) it 's the world 's highest full-circle , hands-free walk . not your place to be if you 're scurred of heights .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty awesome view and though it was pricy id say it was worth the experience . i could not bring myself to stand on the glass floor . but it was pretty cool to see the view directly down .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wish that i could give the melting pot more than 5 stars because they made our company holiday party stress free and absolutely perfect ! ! i have put together a number of company parties and they are always stressful and something horrific normally goes on . tracy ( rest manager ) made the entire process a breeze , from start to finish . she even let me taste test the wines we were serving . that was a fun afternoon ; - ) the food was amazing , as usual , and the service was outstanding . i would highly recommend the spinach artichoke cheese fondue and the yin and yang chocolate fondue ! amazing ! ! ! ! i would highly recommend the melting pot to anyone looking to host a holiday party or really any type of party for that matter . it is also a really intimate and romantic place to take someone on a date .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in all honesty , it had been over 5 years since our last visit to this melting pot . that was because that experience was very forgettable and not worth repeating . we decided to give the place another chance for a group dinner . we made a reservation on open table and arrived ahead of our seating time . we were then subsequently escorted to some non-descript , over sized banquet area that was oppressively hot . everyone in our party was sweating immediately and several had diffculty breathing . we asked to be seated elsewhere , which was accommodated but by placing us next to the kitchen entrance . the only reason that i am offering this review two stars was the service provided to our group by mike , our server . he was the only highlight of the evening . for a place where the average price per person borders on $ 50 , they have no concept on how to treat their clientele . one thing is for sure , we will never be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love fondue . i love sitting in the private booths with curtains . i love the idea of dining in privacy . the melting pot also has a nice program called `` club fondue '' that gives you coupons for a free dessert on your birthday anniversary . they have seasonal selections specialities that can be exciting to try . but damn if that `` i 'm too cool for this job '' waiter did n't let me down on the service . it 's standard etiquette to knock before opening the curtains and then shut them when leaving . but the waiter was n't really interested in doing either . and then , i promise you , when it came time for the dessert , he did n't bother to stir mix the ingredients for the chocolate fondue . can you actually forget to do that ? ? still , i love the fondue .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my bosses got me a gift card for my birthday here so the fianc\u00e9 and i had date night . we started with the prosciutto and asparagus cheese dip . i think the white wine gave it a bitter taste so i did n't really enjoy it much . we ordered the steak lovers entree . the filet mignon was very delicious and probably my favorite . we also got the sausage and salmon which was really good . we finished off with the chocolate s'mores and this was amazing ! ! the concept of the restaurant was pretty cool . cooking your own food . and you also get your own private booth . it 's definitely good for that special occasion . and the customer service was excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok i hate doing this i really wish i did n't love a chain fondue restaurant more than the independant fondue places in az ... but melting pot does fondue very well . better than the other fondue options . i 'm not a fan of their cheese however , their yin yang chocolate fondue is so freaking good so yeah . darn . i love the melting pot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first timers at the melting pot ... .perhaps our last ? we were n't too happy about hidden costs they do n't let you in on . we went there for a special valentines dinner and we were charged $ 5.95 for broth to cook our food ... .. `` hello ... . how are we supposed to cook our meat ? '' why should we be charged for that ? ? ? we went with 3 couples and were charged that 3 times and we only had 2 pots ! another `` go figure '' why when i order my meal off their special valentines menu consisting of their serf and turf for $ 66.95 do i not get my own lobster ? my husband and i had to share it . my father-in-law had his own surf and turf and had a full lobster ! he was lucky his dining partner ordered the other choice offered , the turf . hardly want to go into the gratuity that is included in the price ! that really bothers me when they do that ... .. lucky for us she was a good waitress .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite splurge restaurants , but this review is for their happy hour . i never think of melting pot for great happy hour deals , but i will now . they offer $ 5 cheese and chocolate fondues as well as great drink and salad specials . the atmosphere in the bar is romantic and quiet . we were the only people in the bar for our entire visit . the bartender was great and made adjustments to the cheese like we requested without a problem . i think the hh hours are 4-6pm , but do n't quote me on that . if you are looking for a different happy hour vibe check out the melting pot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for a date or small group but the food and service is a bit overrated ! its also pricey for what you get . i think i paid about $ 120 for a table of 3 the last time there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pure bliss - i have n't had a quality meal experience like this in a very very long time . the full 4 course dinner was stupendous and well worth every cent . you must try the yin & yang martini ! it was a very creative and well presented drink that had me all smiles . i had the smores & chocolate desert and it was hands down my favorite ( i 've tried at least 5 others ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this location better than the one in scottsdale , i think the staff is way friendlier . i do n't really think it 's worth eating actual dinner here , in my eyes it 's only good for cheese and chocolate courses . but do be sure to sign up for their mailing list , i have gotten some awesome deals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst ! service is good , `` food scraps '' are too expensive and tasteless . they also use a bait and switch method in their pricing . spend your $ 100 elsewhere !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok , it is probably very rare that i will be handing out 5 stars that much because i 'm just like that but this place really deserves it ! ! ! ! ! can i say heeelllllllloooooo heaven ! ! ! i might have to say this is the first time i cleaned my plate ( and pot ) . this place has just the right atmosphere for a good night out . the food was excellent and so was our waiter ! i would be in trouble if they ever put one closer to me ! ! ! some people may say that their portions are too small but i have to differ , i never go home hungry and i never leave with that gut wrenching feeling of over eating ! ! ! ! i would take out a second mortgage and eat here every night ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very expensive , but also very romantic for those `` special nights '' . food is great , everything is fondue ( if you could n't guess by the name ) friendly staff , very attentive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really do not get all of the hype . the overall meal was okay . smalll portion and very pricey . the dessert was pretty good but not worth the overall cost of the bill . my recommendation is to go for dessert only .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for my first visit to the melting pot , i decided to go on my birthday with my husband , my parents and his parents . we were sat in a back room all by ourselves . literally we could have heard a pin drop . normally , i would have loved this ... however it must have been a package deal : get your own room , get crappy service . granted , i did n't expect to be in and out of the place within an hour , but i also did n't expect it to take three and a half hours either ! our server was so slow . we normally never have a lack of dinner conversation , however we found ourselves twiddling our thumbs just waiting for our server several times . the food , however , was delicious . but not worth the prices they charge . unfortunately , this was my first and last visit to the melting pot .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after my first trip to the melting pot , i was in awe over the experience . we started out with a cheese appetizer ( which i was n't in love with ) , then went for 2 different appetizers , and then the amazing chocolate dessert . the entrees were delicious , but for the small amount of meat actually served , it is extremely overpriced . but , the atmosphere is actually worth the money . the whole restaurant is quiet , perfect for a night of conversation . and , back to the dessert . melted chocolate fondue with all sorts of yummy treats to dip : fruits , cheesecake , marshmallows , brownies , etc , etc . mmmmmm ! just the dessert , quiet atmosphere , and the bottle of wine had me sold on the evening . but , like all others have said , it is very pricey . it was about $ 140 for 2 of us ; including a bottle of wine , an appetizer , 2 entrees , and a dessert plate .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you guyssssss . melted cheese . cooking your own food . melted chocolate . wine ! seriously love this place ! our waitress was a doll . she was super nice and knew answers to all our questions-they have a lot to memorize ! first of all we got a bottle of riesling . we got the spinach artichoke cheese fondue to start . they bring out the spinach in full leaves ( wish they were chopped ) . it was delicious . i suggest not trying the brown sweet bread they bring with it ... why melting pot ? ? ? the chips and other bread is delicious with it , though . i forgot the name of the cooking style we got but i believe it had a cajun feel.. ? was delicious with the spinach ravioli and chicken . my bf loves the steak and loves the shrimp . get the toffee chocolate option , trust me . it 's so damn good . they bring you such yummy berries and shortbread . they also have options to add a pice of cheesecake to dip , so . stir ally we got it 5 stars ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to the melting pot for the first time last night with a group of my friends and i was n't super impressed . the service was n't the best ... one of the servers dropped a tray of water on my friend and although they apologized it was n't handled well . i would expect a manager to come over , apologize and comp something off of my friends bill given the fact her dress was wet for the remainder of the dinner . i think our server could have explained the menu and proper cooking time for the food a little better as well . the food was just okay to me ... nothing special . i suppose given the price of my meal ( approx $ 50 per person ) i was expecting more of a `` wow factor '' . if i do ever go back it would just be for the cheese fondue or the dessert ... i did n't think the four course meal was worth the money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "seven of us took my daughter there for her birthday . the service was incredibly slow . over three hours for food we cooked at the table ! the food quality seemed ok but the bill was over $ 500 and only two alcoholic drinks were served . when we left my 28 year old son wanted to stop and grab a burger . he is not overweight in the slightest and there was not enough food for him . after talking to the remaining guests everyone felt that way . i 'll never be back . i 'd rather spend $ 700 at a better restaurant . please comment and follow me for more reviews ! i would love to have you !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was our first time here and all i can really say is , meh . we walked into the restaurant and waited 5 minutes for someone to come to the hostess stand . then we waited another few minutes for the woman to escort us back . she was nice , but there should have been someone at the hostess stand when we walked in . so let 's discuss these little booths that they have . the problem with a place that puts you in a small booth with curtains is that it gets stuffy . when the curtains open air flows in and if your server is say , a smoker , you will smell nothing but the smoke . this is what happened to my husband and i. i am very sensitive to smoke , so i think i noticed it more than him . the food was ok . the service was slow , it took us over 2 hours to have two cheese fondue courses and some chocolate . we might be back to check out the happy hour specials .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do n't waste your time or money , this place sucks big time . tasteless food , shotty service . i would never go back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the place is old and dark . the decor is falling off the walls . the food was passable . we went for new years . each couple ended up forced to pay $ 28 tips . each couple ! i do n't think we 'll be back . if so it 'll only be for the chocolate . that was amazing !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when i get the privilege of `` dinner anywhere i want '' from the hubby , this melting pot is at the top of my list ! sophisticated , intimate , romantic atmosphere and attentive staff . the cheese and chocolate fondues are delicious and the `` dippables '' are of the highest quality . the whole experience is decadent and worth every penny . and yes , bring lots and lots of pennies . it 's expensive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i frankly do n't get why people like this place ... .with exception of desert , - fruit , cake , dipped in chocolate - ok , i get it ... its good and i would go back for that and that alone . but for dinner ... way overpriced , way overrated . not family friendly at all . there are much better options out there in terms of value and quality .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "for such a high-end restaurant , they sure do n't treat you that way . i made a reservation online for a booth , and when i arrived , they tried to give me a table . when i explained that i had reserved a booth ( and for a reason ) , the seating hostess actually argued with me that it was technically half of a booth . i could n't believe she was trying to convince me to take the table - the restaurant was empty ! when i insisted that we have the booth we reserved , she finally took us across the restaurant to a booth . while the food was very good ( especially the desert ) , the service was not . i walked out of there feeling like i paid nearly $ 50 a person for the same service i could get at any chain restaurant for $ 20 a person . definitely not impressed , and i wo n't be going to this particular restaurant again . i 'm disappointed because i remember that the melting pot used to be such a well-known , high-class restaurant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i absolutely loved this place . our server jeremy was beyond amazing and helpful . our food was over the top amazing . we had the four course meal and every course was delicious . the cheese was a great start and i loved the apples . cesar salads had great flavor . we ordered the classic meal for dinner which had a great variety and tastey sauces for us to dip out meats in . dessert ... ... omg ! ! ! ! ! words can not describe how good it was . we will be back . i give this place top ratings ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the melting pot did a great job helping me celebrate my birthday . i could n't ask for a better experience ! the waitress was so sweet and threw in a few freebies for me and the food was delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "feeling generous with the one star today . food was good but service was lacking . i do n't believe that you should have to wait 30-40minutes for water to arrive at your table or watch your appetizer pot steam for that long either . the bad service outweighed the food this time . disappointed . seems like the melting pot should read some of these reviews to make improvements .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow ! this place is kind of expensive , but it is good food , great atmosphere and just plain fun . we went there for my g f 's bday and we had a blast . the sauces that they give you when you start eating your meats and veggies are sooooo good . the drinks were not that expensive from what i could tell ... i paid $ 5 for a beer ... which is not too bad . so if you want to go somewhere for a special occasion , then you ca n't go wrong here . just remember to figure , it 'll be about $ 100 per couple ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had a great time for our anniversary ! the fondue was amazing . we went with the endless fondue , and that was a great choice ! delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fall in love with fondue at the melting pot ! the cheese fondue and the dessert fondue are my favorites , but the entrees are n't shabby either ! come hungry and expect to stay several hours . the only reason i gave 4 5 stars is for the price . we are teachers and about go broke dining here , but once in awhile we need to give ourselves a treat and splurge ! atmosphere is great for special occasions . cheese fondue favorite = swiss dessert fondue favorite = yin yang ( while & dark chocolate )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what another fun night out with the hubby ! ! ! we can for a late valentine 's day dinner . the food was amazing and they had a great deal going on for v-day ! ! when you go you have to buy there garlic and wine seasoning ! it is so delicious on anything ! ! ! i do n't recommend upgrading the cooking style , stick with the classic bullion . it 's the best ! ! if want chocolate covered strawberries make sure you order them when you make the reservation . they do not have them on hand . this is definitely one of my favorite places to enjoy a nice long relaxing meal ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "are you kidding me ? how does this place even get any stars ? maybe it was just my experience , but i will not be going back , ever . we arrived at 8:30 , and left at 11:30 . 3 hours ! and we had our dessert wrapped into a doggy bag to go . the waitress felicia was friendly , but is a terrible waitress . it was 10:39 by the time she brought our entrees out ( the place is closed at this point ) , and instead of giving us our food right away , she continues to talk ! i 've no idea how uncooked food takes so long to come out of the kitchen , and i have no idea why it takes so long for a waitress to take our orders and bring is our food so we can eat ! the worst part was getting the ridiculous bill , over $ 200 for such an awful experience , and i 'm not even full ! also , how the hell does a fondue place run out of cheese ? ! explain that to me please .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my boyfriend brought me here for our second year anniversary and it was really amazing ! we had a nice private seating area and the service was very polite and educated us on all the foods and how to pair things together over all a very lovely and romantic evening ! they even brought us chocolate covered strawberries and wrote happy anniversary on the plate in chocolate . would recommend for a special evening out ( would also recommend reservations )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pricey chain restaurant experience . the food is good but not for the price 's . the melting pot screams chain restaurant to me and i guess i 'd rather find a mom pop place . i think it 's trying to hard to be something it is n't ... unique .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "still the best happy hour in town with the best components of fondue , cheese and chocolate , on discount . mmmm . i could go for some now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i know we all have different tastes , likes , and dislikes . that being said , this restaurant was a very big disappoint to us . the idea is fun and a great way to spend the evening with someone you like . we enjoyed the cheese fondue with the bread . for some reason , we did not find the main course to be of any `` palatal '' interest to us . chocolate fondue for dessert was very nice . we ordered mixed drinks that were way too sweet and did n't seem to have much alcohol . ambiance is nice , but overall we found the food to be quite `` blah '' ... .especially for the price . sad to say , i just can not recommend this restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really wanted to give this place 5 stars . it 's clean , good location , romantic and the food is good . but the service was really lacking . i am sure our server was busy but having an empty drink for 11 minutes is no fun . if you go for anything just go for the dessert . it 's delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pros : - service is decent , though it sounds rehearsed enough to impede ambiance . - coffee is good . - dessert is good . cons : - the wine list consists of $ 5 grocery store offerings . - the meat is overly seasoned ; coated head to toe with salt . overall : we felt railroaded through an assembly line of mediocre food disguised [ and sold ] as upscale chain dining . this will not happen again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "listened to opentable request to sit in a secluded area , which was great . food and service was excellent . great specials make the cost worth-while and valuable . fun , delicious dining experience . we 'll probably be back sooner than we thought ! such a great restaurant for special occasions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had been to a restaurant of this sort for the first time . i liked the idea of having a stove on the table and the chef preparing fondue on it . i admire the food , the ambience , the decorum of the chefs . the best thing about the menu here is the dark chocolate fondue . it was heaven !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would defintley come back for the desert but the rest of the meal was so-so and definitely overpriced .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a bit overpriced for melted cheese , but always tasty . the tricks are going on the girls night out - a fixed price 3 course menu or during happy hour for cheese and chocolate . staff is always friendly and helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visited for the first time last night and it was delicious . service was a little slow , but the server was very friendly and knowledgeable . we had the big night out fondue fusion , and the snickers chocolate fondue . we left very full and quite happy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as always great service and food ! went for date night on a friday and was seated quickly and with an amazing waiter ! had the spinach artichoke cheese fondue , chicken in court bouillon and the strawberry shortcake chocolate fondue ... all of it was amazing ! ! i also had the sailor 's punch which was nice and fruity . the total for two with drinks was just under $ 100 so it 's not a cheap night out ... but definitely worth it every once in a while : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a huge fan of fondue and this place has got it down right . a four course meal is the way to go , starting out with a cheese fondue of your choice , then a salad , then an entree ( i prefer the broth for dipping rather than the oil as it makes the meat just so darn tender ) , and then of course , the dessert in the form of a chocolate fondue . the seating is very intimate and private in large booths . this is not a place to go for a quick meal , but a place to savor the food and the company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my birthday weekend has been pretty good until today ! my loving wife had wanted to make a reservation to our once a year place the melting pot in order to celebrate the evening as adults without kids and with our sanity ! since it was early in the morning , we decided to use the convenience of the internet and make a reservation online through whatever app that the restaurant commissioned for their loyal customer base . 7:30pm , seating for two ... reservation made ! boom ! head on out , drive 25 miles one way to get there in time ! walk up to the front and ask about our reservation ... baird , party of two ! `` i am so sorry , we do n't have that reservation ... did you put in this name ... are you sure you made that reservation for today ? ? ? '' why would we come all that way and not be certain we made the reservation correctly ! hostess was not accommodating , advised it would be an hour and a half before we could sit . what a waste of time ! never again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and the in-laws went here last night as a part of arizona restaurant week . none of us had ever been and we wanted to give it a try . the concept is fun and so good for groups . this location is ok , next time we 'll have to try the scotsdale one . however , not sure if we really will go again . the service was excellent , our server was attentive and nice . the food was good , however i ca n't help but feel there just was n't an adequate amount for 4 people . looking across the aisle at another table with just 2 people it seemed we had almost the same amount . for the price i would have liked to see larger portions , especially considering we did n't even pay the normal amount ! the chocolate fondue was my favorite . the brownie dipped in chocolate was to die for . overall we had a good time . this is more a spot for the experience than the food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awful ... this was a terrible experience . the meat was old looking - slimy and grey and the broth or whatever they call it that we were supposed to cook the meat in looked like dirty sea foam and tasted worse . not to mention the fact that we were left to sit in front of this boiling pot of yuck for more than 20 minutes before i finally went to find our waitress to ask where our food was ... . anyway maybe they were having an off night but both my daughter and i were beyond disappointed . i will never go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a great place to take your time and enjoy someones company . the food is fresh and the service always friendly . if you are looking to be fed fast this is not the place to go . fondue is fun ! if you have the time and the money this is a place to have a great evening .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nothing beats chocolate fondue ( especially if it 's from the melting pot ) ! they have great deals for happy hour and it 's a great romantic place to enjoy dessert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this trip to the melting pot was an adventure into the unknown . went with my bf , and a friend , for a bday celebration . none of us had ever been to the mp , or any fondue place for that matter . we were n't sure what to expect . it was a friday night , did n't look too busy , but we still had to wait 30 minutes longer than our reservation for a table . we chose a four-course meal , and it 's amazing how small bites could be so rich and filling . i only took away one star for having to wait for half an hour for our reservation . otherwise , good food and fun experience to go with friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've been there several times the service is always outstanding . it 's an expensive night out and you need about three hours for dinner but the atmosphere is worth it . the cheese dips and the desserts are to die for while the actual dinners are good but not great . boiling your meats is n't usually the best way to get a great flavor . but for a different night out , i recommend it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our visit was the climax to a wonderful eveing out and the staff were so awesome in describing their menu and how it all worked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for a date night ! do n't come really hungry . i recommend going for drinks and dessert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rip off . the only reason i did not give this place a one star is because we did not get sick . the place is way too expensive for what you get . i ask the girl if the meat was frozen , she replied how could you tell . the taste give it away .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "me and my husband love this place ! amazing food amazing staff . our servers jeremy and cole are the best ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for my friends birthday . you really ca n't go wrong with melting pot . this one stands apart for its service . we had a fantastic time and every single person wished her a happy birthday . it was very sweet . our water glasses were never below half , and our `` dippers '' came out with perfect timing . they also made three special plates for us since we had some food allergies in our group . i really think you should try this one just based on service alone . we had lisa , and she was adorably sweet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i went here for our valentines day dinner . it was excellent . obviously it 's more on the expensive side , so it may not be an `` everyday '' kind of place , but if you 're looking for something for a special occasion or a romantic night out , this place is perfect . my girlfriend is allergic to gluten and they had no problems accommodating that restriction . they all knew immediately what to do and we 're knowledgable on the menu as it related to gluten . our server was a guy named dan , and he was friendly , attentive , knowledgable and helpful throughout the whole meal . he suggested good foods , gluten free foods , good wines and answered any questions . overall , i would highly recommend the melting pot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great happy hour specials ! they also do a special during the summer when the temp hits a certain point they give free chocolate or cheese fondue to they 're facebook fans .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to happy hour this evening with two girlfriends . this may be one of the best happy hours in ahwatukee . $ 3 beer , $ 5 wine & $ 6 cocktails + fondue and appetizer specials . we had the wisconson trio , a yummy blue cheese fontina concoction , which was served with bread , apples and vegies . for dessert , we shared the dark chocolate fondue w extra strawberries . it was delish ! the only thing that would have made this better was if the bar was packed . we were the only peeps there . i hope the happy hour word spreads because happy hour is best in large groups of happy people .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was not a believer , but one of my friends said i would not be disappointed so i gave it a shot happy hour in the bar is $ 5 a person per section ( $ 5 cheese , $ 5 chocolate , $ 4 , salad , and drink specials as well ) . i was super surprised , it was all really good of course , and i was full ! ! ! also , you can have more bread and dessert for free if you have and of your cheesy or chocolatey goodness left ! took a lot of time , i think we were there for like 2 hours but i would do it again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is the bomb ! i 've been wanting to come here for so long . dh & i finally made it out here and it was all i ever hoped for it to be . the food was fantastic and our server was great . we ordered the big night out which includes smoked cheddar with sam adam 's cheese fondue , wedge salads , variety of meat to dip in fondue for entree and a milk chocolate fondue for dessert . we were stuffed by the end of our meal . would n't change a thing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we took our daughter , son and grandson to dinner for our daughters 25th birthday this saturday . our service was awesome ! the meal was spectacular ! we all had the special 4 course meal which included the cheese fondue , salad and endless entree of meats and veggies . for dessert we chose to create our own..dark chocolate and baileys . a must try if you like dark chocolate . dinner at the melting pot was a very fun and delicious birthday dinner for our family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for a double date . cj was a great server . the menu has changed again to a prix fixe style . think old spaghetti co. manager favorite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here with my grandma and the customer service was amazing and the food was surpurb . very friendly people and very helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a great experience ! this is a really nice place to go for special occasions . the booths are so private with the curtains and the service is excellent ! the food is amazing and the experience is unique .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this date , the food was pretty much what i anticipated as a fondue fan . i was floored however by their extensive dessert menu , where the flaming turtle using dark chocolate was the highlight of the meal . it will be in the potential date night rotation in the future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i had a great experience celebrating our wedding anniversary ! ! loved everything !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great time celebrating our daughters birthday . megan our waitress was awesome ! ! ! food was excellent . ... cooked to perfect by us ... lol .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so awesome ! the food , atmosphere , the service ! do u want a great evening with people u care about ? ask for sierra , she will make an amazing event night for ur friends and family ! the food is amazing ! the place is super clean ! all around , this joint is first class ! even the manager is awesome ! ! he made sure we ( and all the guests there ) were having a great experience ! rare to find it all come together in one place ! i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the hubby took me here for a date night . the ambiance is great , and it is fun to watch your food cook and coordinate the various meal options with your date . that being said the food is just okay for me . my husband always says it is about the experience and i would tend to agree with him . next time i think we will just experience the s'mores fondue and skip the rest . much easier on the pocketbook that way . i do recommend joining club fondue as about three times a year we get free chocolate fondue for two which is probably the best part .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we ate at the melting pot in phoenix on saturday afternoon . the food was good . the atmosphere was enjoyable . it was very pricey though . $ 39.95 per person for food we had to cook ourselves . ca n't imagine what the price would have been if they cooked it . just a one time experience . i wo n't be going back . too expensive .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here with my husband on date night . i was very surprised . the fondu was very good ! prices are n't cheap so be ready but well worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i love coming here and having a night out ! food and fondue is sooooo good and we enjoy boiling the food and cheese and chocolate . it is also a great place to go with friends too and not just your significant other .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i were celebrating our 16th anniversary and decided to try this establishment . i 'm thrilled we did ! ! when i made the reservation- they provided a list of options to make our evening memorable ! ! we had a great meal and a great", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took the wife here for date night , love the food here ! ! service is world class . ca n't say a bad thing about this place , except i wish they had one closer to our neck of the woods ... ..gilbert that is ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so a wonderful start for mother 's day . i got to make some mother days strawberries with my family with the company of the manger mark he 's very friendly and helpful . i 'm looking forward to celebrating my graduation dinner here with family and friends . they have wonderful tasting food and excellent service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "could n't ask for better service . had an amazing date night . cj was an amazing server and suggested perfect choices for us ! the gm came and checked in throughout the meal and ensured everything was going well . love the fact that they take a picture and are more than willing to take pictures for you throughout the night . definitely adding this to the list for must haves .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have always loved the melting pot , i have been to the portland , or and a seattle , wa locations and have had awesome experiences . not at this place ! i went there for happy hour today , other than my sister and i , there were only 4 other people at the bar and we still got terrible service . the bartender was unfriendly and too busy hanging out with her friends in the corner , talking about their dui 's , so professional . we had planned on staying there for a while , trying the fondue and have some drinks , but because of the service , we left as soon as we could . never coming back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the cheese and dessert courses were very nice but the main courses were disappointing in quality . even more disappointing , a mandatory 20 % tip for mediocre service . as empty as the restaurant was , we still could n't get our servers attention regarding drink orders during the meal nor when we tried to order additional food . go for a pre-dinner appetizer or a post-dinner dessert but skip the overpriced main meal and you 'll have a better experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as always great service and lots of fun its a tad expensive for fondue but its worth it especially for special occasions", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you need to experience this most awesome restaurant . this was our first time here , but will make this a must go to place . what did we order and all of that , ? way too much , or am i too lazy ? do n't know . but i do know that you will not be disappointed . so make reservations and take your beautiful bride out and enjoy yourselves .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a wonderful time ! plan for a slow , relaxing meal . it is on the pricey side as others have said but you are paying for the experience , not just the food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a wonderful holiday weekend in a wonderful quite setting . the staff was great and the beer and wine selection was exceptional . nice to have this in the tuke .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i ate here for the first time and it was amazing ! ! ! ! the food was absolutely delicious , the ambiance romantic and the experience fantastic ! i will definitely come here again and again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the 4th melting pot i have been to , and the experience is very standard compared to what i am used to . we were treated with respect , the experience was very smooth and fluid , and the food was delicious . do n't come here if you 're on a budget , as most of the dinner options are fairly expensive , and make sure you do n't have anywhere to be afterwards , as a full meal can take over two hours .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "jeremy did an excellent job . great service and great attitude . for my first time there i was impressed and will be going back again . make sure you ask for him as your server . you wont regret it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously the funniest night we 've had out ! ! jeremy our waiter made the night ! we 'll definitely be back and asking for jeremy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had such an awesome server named cj . the meals are consistently good but the service is what makes the difference and this melting pot has really improved since we 've been here last . new managers and new servers now make this the best one in the valley . great experience . will be coming back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a delight ! ! it was inevitable that it was going to be delicious but tonight was far superior than others . kudos to the ahwatukee melting pot ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i ate at the melting pot for the first time on christmas eve and i loved it ! we chose the 4 course meal : cheese fondue , salad , entree , and chocolate fondue . first you decide on a cheese fondue , we did cheddar , and dip items such as bread , veggies , and apples . next is a small salad , the bacon apple salad was tasty . then you chose proteins for your entree and a sauce to cook them in , they come raw and you cook them yourself in the sauce , very fun and interactive . the steak is absolutely delicious . next was my favorite part , dessert . you pick a chocolate fondue , we chose amores and it comes with angel food cake , brownies , blondies , marshmallows , strawberries , bananas , and pineapples for dipping . the meal did take a few hours but i enjoyed myself the whole time . it is pricey , but definitely worth it . our server was very friendly as well , i 'll definitely be returning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was our first visit to a melting pot and loved it ! the atmosphere was very warm and quiet . the food was excellent and served in a timely manner . we will be going back soon ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "enjoyed our visit to the melting pot . had a nice private booth for 2 and the 4 course meal ... .cheese course , salad , entree and chocolate fondue . food was good , service was attentive without being intrusive . would recommend it for those looking for a romantic , quiet semi-private dining experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went last night to celebrate my birthday with 6 other friends and family . first of all , i want to apologize to the other patrons that were sitting near us because after 4 of their wonderful chocolate martinis i probably was pretty loud too.i was n't wearing a hat though . the food was wonderful as always especially since we started with the dessert and went from there . jeremy also was our server and he could n't have been more adorable.after i got my birthday hug i personally do n't think he plays on any other team then the girls . : ) ) the staff made the whole experience even more enjoyable for me . thank you . thank you thank you to the whole melting pot crew", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ultimate in fine dining ! the atmosphere , food , and staff were incredible ! what an amazing experience . great for a party of 10 people ! a personal `` shout out '' goes to the general manager , devin who was super professional and accommodating ! thank-you for a perfect evening with family and friends . i would recommend the melting pot in ahwatukee in a heartbeat ! i ca n't say enough about how special it was for a special occasion in our lives .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never usually go to this location but strange circumstances brought us to this spot . great place . my fianc\u00e9 and i already love the fun way to eat dinner and we especially love the variety of meats you can get on one platter . such as duck and lobster yum yum . i really want to give this place a 5 star because the manager stopped by and made us feel very welcome . very nice gentleman just transferred from scottsdale . he was great and so was our server . i wish i could remember her name . the other servers were also attentive to us so we were never wanting which is always nice . favorite thing of coarse was the flaming turtle dessert . to die for . just wish they had red velvet cake like the last time we went . but still a lovely experience ! thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've always been a fan of the melting pot . in every city . this was the first time here in phoenix & my husbands first time ever . the food was ( as always ) awesome . we went on a wednesday and there were 12 cars in the parking lot . we waited almost 45 in the bar and although our waiter was training someone , our service continued to decline . to his benefit , he kept apologizing and comped our $ 10 bottle of wine . after $ 130 for 2 people , i just wish the service was as good as the food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food , great service ! this was my first visit and it was amazing . will probably try a private booth next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only part of the meal that was worth it was the dessert . both the creme brulee and turtle chocolate were fantastic ! the california salad was small . the cheddar cheese fondue needed more of a cheese flavor so perhaps less beer . the signature selection entree was mixed - filet cuts were great but i did n't care for the chicken , pork or marinated sirloin . if i came back , i would only order dessert .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is my husbands and my favorite place to eat ! the staff is always super nice and friendly and willing to move us if we needed a two burner table or something like that . the food is delicious ! ! it 's a long meal ... we are usually there define about 2 hours . love this place ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a living social deal and decided to check this place out . holy shit ! amazing place . it was my first fondue experience . the deal on living social was awesome . i got wine , apps , main course , and desert . i ended up buying a bottle of 7 deadly zins which they listed for $ 70 . it 's only $ 15 at bevmo , so i got suckered on that one . the food was awesome . our server was a good guy . he was super friendly and made the experience very enjoyable . if you 're cheap or looking to pinch pennies , this is not the place to take a date . it 's expensive , but i think it 's worth it . the atmosphere is very nice . it 's more of a fine dining experience . i had a great time and i 'll be going back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great restaurant for special occasions . most recently i went for an anniversary , and the booth with a curtain was very romantic . we decided to just get salads , and the cheese and dessert courses because those are the best parts ! it 's also plenty of food without the meat course . i love the experience of fondue as well as the variety of flavors . we paired our meal with a good wine and spent an hour and a half just enjoying ourselves . good atmosphere , great food , friendly service ... it 's not cheap , but ( again , for special occasions ) the value is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wasnt thrilled with the taste of the food compared to how pricy it is . i would have enjoyed a juicy steak somewhere else . however i do like the romance of fondue", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we have come here several times and always have a good experience ! the last couple times the service has been soooo slow ! for $ 160 the service needs to be more then 20 min waits just to get refills on soda . it will be awhile before we come back !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "make sure you have a reservation if you go on a weekend day . we stopped by a couple of weeks ago hoping to be able to get a table . unfortunately it was a 4 hour wait . we went ahead and made a reservation for the following weekend . the ambiance is fantastic . a very romantic private setting with curtains that enclose your booth . the service was great too ! i was n't a fan of the cooking style for the meat.. but it may just be my personal taste . the cheese fondue was my favorite part . the food was decent but i honestly do n't think it was worth the money . i think you are paying for the atmosphere and the uniqueness of the cooking style . definitely not a place for kids", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i can never get enough of this place ! ! we came for cheese and chocolate this trip and it was fantastic and our server lyric was as sweet as could be ! ! thank you for another awesome experience ! ! see you soon ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped in for dessert only . we arrived right at 4:00pm , opening , and were greeted with a very friendly smile and seated quickly . jeremy was our server and he was great ! we had the chocolate turtle flambe . of course the kids loved the fondue forks and were amazed at the chocolate on fire ! then all the fantastic tastes on the dessert plate , strawberries , cheesecake , marshmallows , bananas , pound cake and brownies . they did n't stand a chance ! jeremy brought us out extra bananas , pound cake and marshmallows . we had a great time and will return for a full meal , or just dessert again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we spent our ninth anniversary here ! the food was delicious ! we each had the four course meal with endless meat . we added our own desserts with the curtains closed ... lol . very fun !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for my first time coming here i was absolutely satisfied ! our waitress was attentive and explained how everything works ! this will be a place i 'd like to visit again with my honey ! ! very romantic ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and my bf went here for dinner last night to celebrate our 2nd year anniversary . we got the cheddar cheese fondue ( must try ) , shared a teriyaki glazed sirloin entree which you cook yourself in a pot full of boiling whatever you chose as a cooking style ( we got the free one which was a vegetable broth ) , and a pure milk chocolate fondue . while she gave us our menus , she asked us what we are celebrating , which was our anniversary . for the chocolate , she gave us a happy anniversary fondue dipper plate which had two of each dippers for us to share , standard marshmallows , pound cake , bananas , strawberries , pineapple , brownies blondies , and rice krispies . they were all yummy , actually the whole dinner was yummy . quite pricy , but it was a special occasion . ive read reviews that said the portions were tiny , but ours wasnt , and we left feeling satisfied . great service and great food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "once again the melting pot was awesome ! great food in a great atmosphere and most of all megan gave fantastic service . it may be a while until i 'm hungry again but when i am , i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great anniversary dinner . fabulous fondue , service our server lyric is amazing . we 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "last time we came here , they must have had the ac off because i could n't stop sweating . our server was nice enough but we could tell he was new as he was slow . and since we were seated towards the back kitchen , we could hear some women servers talking about their sex life with their new partner . it was totally unprofessional and quite disgusting . we will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we brought our family here for christmas eve and had a great time . service was very good , food was great , with everyone having something different . dessert chocolates were fantastic . variety for each course covered everyone 's likes . kids were impressed with the food and experience . a great place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went on new years eve for my daughters birthday . they had new year 's eve hats and tiaras at our table . the food is surprisingly good . portions are more than enough . we ate veggies , meat , and dessert . our server was friendly and attentive . we got directions on what to do which was nice because we had never been before . cosmo was good . lighting is dim . its a casual atmosphere . we were overcharged , but the manger reversed the charges a few days later . we all had a great time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overall experience was excellent . our server cj was the best we have ever had . he was very knowledgeable on the process and the choices and had superior customer service ! the food was excellent as usual and the experience was very enjoyable . we were celebrating our 25th anniversary , so the occasion was something very important to us . cj made it a evening to remember . ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant is okay . the food is good , but not fabulous . and it 's very expensive for only a so-so dining experience . i went there once , that was enough .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we came in saturday with a deal chicken voucher . the service was amazing ! we had a private booth behind a curtain and despite having to move tables because our burner was broken , we could n't have asked for better service . the spinach and artichoke fondue was wonderful , the salads were good but the entr\u00e9e was meh , as soon as it came i dropped a couple potatoes to get them going , by the time we were done eating the potatoes still were n't done which is a huge disappointment . i wish they would partially cook them first . the ravioli was wonderful . we did n't get desert because we were too full . next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went out for a girls night , had so much fun ! great dining experience and the bartender alex was great ! i would recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the melting pot is not just a restaurant , it 's a dining experience . expect it to take 2-3 hours , so make sure you enjoy your company ! my husband took me here for valentines day ( my review is belated ) and it was nothing short of amazing . the service was friendly , but not annoyingly so , and it felt really private and relaxing . the food was delicious and plentiful . i ca n't imagine how someone could think otherwise honestly . it 's a 4 course meal . we had plenty of food left over and we were stuffed . i would highly recommend this place for a night out with your so , a double date , a girls night , or anything else slightly festive . dinner after work with the family ? not so much .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hadnt been there in years , and it was all i remembered . i went with a coupon that i go purchased on the living social website . champagne toast , appertizer , salad and all you can eat entree . they also do a complimentary photo for you . very quaint and romantic . but the food was fantastic . we had the cheese fondue that was just delicous . the meat course was also wonderful . but the thing that really made our experience great , was waiter . he was great , and funny and he was there when you needed him . but i do not suggest turning up there without a reservation . you can make reservations online , very quick and easy and you get a confirmation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "me and my wife have been coming here for years . a cozy , romantic place to celebrate an anniversary , birthday or a date . you want a place for a first date ? come here . we always go with the four-course dinner . everything is included . you get your cheese fondue , i recommend the `` fiesta '' cheese . you get a great salad and then you choose your entries and finish with a chocolate fondue . the entire time your are here is so relaxing . we have been here for 1-2 hours , just enjoying each other . you lose track of time , because there is no hurry . you cook everything at your table in the pot on your table . its so fun and different . we are always treated so good here . now you will spend some money here , but if you really want a special night , this is the place . i give it a giant woo hoo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me start off by saying that the service was absolutely great . i could n't have asked for a better bartender or waitress . now that being said - maybe this place is n't so bad if you 're into paying an arm and a leg to cook your own food . i came here hungry so it was a bit of a pain to have to wait minutes in-between bites . the upside to the slow eating process is the great time you get to spend with your date conversing and not rushing through a meal - that 's always a great change of pace . atmosphere was dark and relaxing and seating was very comfortable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my husband surprised me for our first time here for our anniversary dinner . it was amazing complete with roses , wine and a keepsake framed photo to take home . the food was delicious and the experience and privacy was something we 've never experience but loved and will be back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our very presence in their lobby was an inconvenience to them . the manager was extremely rude when we asked for a table w out a reservation . no offer to wait just a blunt 45 min wait along with a snarky comment as we left `` do not take any more people with out a reservation '' . thanks for the rude interaction were headed to cheesecake factory .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a nice date night . thank you living social . this was my 1st time eating here . food and service was good overall . i wish the seating was a little more private . booth seating with people all around is not exactly quaint . i would go back with another living social deal , but would not go and pay full price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fun experience , bacon gorgonzola cheese was yummy . carmel toffee chocolate is tasty ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the only problem i have with going to melting pot is that i always eat way too much . we even split an entree this time , but i still ended up full before dessert arrived . we came to this location for our anniversary , and our server andrew was very sweet and attentive . food was delicious , atmosphere is older , but cozy and private . great way to spend an evening with your honey !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first visit with large group of people . the table next to ours had their chocolate heated and stirred with the whole `` fire scene . '' our table was looking forward to that happening too , but all our chocolate did was get hard so that it was impossible to dip anything into . our pot was never heated at all . they had turned the table stove off before it came and left it that way . what kind of waiter or waitress would do that ? i called the manager a day or two later and all he said was that he 'd talk to the people on staff that night . woo hoo ! no offer to come back . i guess they do n't believe in customer satisfaction by doing whatever they could to offer us a better experience . nope . i guess they want us to just write a review on here instead ! do n't waste your money here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the pros : the ambiance , the food , and the uniqueness of it all . the setting is very relaxing and romantic . we had never had fondue before , and found it very entertaining . our waiter was attentive without being over bearing . the cons : the price and it can get pretty busy . i do n't remember our exact total , but i do remember thinking `` holy crap '' when they brought the check . also make sure to plan ahead . show up without reservations and you 'll end up waiting a while . overall the experience was pleasant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! our server , cj , is the best . our group was a bit goofy and cj was such a good sport . the entire staff is friendly and helpful and the food is amazing ! such a great experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great experience . jen was a fantastic server who took the time to explain everything to us and the pace of service was great , we enjoyed every phase of the evening and left stuffed and satisfied . great place for couples date night or out with friends", "score": "5"}
{"review": "`` wish i could remember the managers name , but he was very friendly and even offered me a framed picture of my husband and i enjoying my birthday dinner . thanks for the complimentary chocolate as well ! ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food . jamie was the best ! very professional and service was outstanding . the chocolate at the end was to die for . my girls loved it ... the filet was very tinder and we had a great time with family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great experience ! jeremy was absolutely wonderful ! he offered suggestions for making our meal the most tasteful possible ! i would recommend this location to anyone ! everyone is very nice and personable ! you ca n't go wrong for a date night here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was one of the most romantic dates i 've been on ! my boyfriend and i came here for our 3 year anniversary and had such a relaxing evening ! the restaurant was kind of empty , but that was fine . i 've never had fondue before and this was an awesome experience . the waitress really took good care of us and did n't even judge us when we decided against getting a huge bank breaking meal and just stuck to cheese and chocolate . the food was amazing ( still crazy expensive for what you 're getting but ... i guess they have a reputation to uphold ) and i would love to come to this location again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went to the melting pot for dinner as a date night adventure , first of all i want to give major props to the staff they were amazing ! ! as for the food ... not so much we really enjoyed the appetizer for beginner but the main course was not very good at all all of the food they had brought to us was very bland and boring . we had the endless meats and ask for the shrimp because we enjoy the taste of the shrimp as it is so its hard to screw that up for us . but they brought us a slap in the face 4 count them 4 shrimps at a time . for about $ 50 a person i expected so much more . desert was great but not worth the price . this was differently a huge bust . i would not recommend this place to anybody i like .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not the biggest fan of sharing a pot in between a big group of people and having to cook it ourselves . it was a bit confusing yes i should of researched more about it before going but it was for a friends birthday but i would not go myself . i would recommend looking up the experience but paying 70 dollars for one plate and beer having it to cook it yourself sharing a pot in between like four of our friends was not the best concept . food was okay definitely not worth the price and left still hungry . the experience maybe good for some people but not my personal preference be ready to pay !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "jamie our waitress was amazing ! ! the food and service was incredible ! ! ! overall great experience , so glad my husband and i chose to spend our anniversary here ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our server alexandra was excellent ! service is quick , friendly and helpful . : ) it 's nice to have a dining experience that is vegetarian friendly and where you leave full afterwards ! thanks melting pot for a wonderful date night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came on mother 's day . it was clean and quiet , nice atmosphere . we ended up having to wait quite a while in between courses because the kitchen was backed up . our server was wonderful and the manager noticed we had to keep waiting and took great care of us during the meal and in the end . we drove from queen creek to ahwatukee especially for the delicious chocolate fondue ! well done , we 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a favorite eating at melting pot . a very unique dining experience . staff is aleays friendly and very attentive . a very relaxing and quiet environment for a lovely evening out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had never been to a fondue type restraunt . the server was great ! very helpful and full of fun . my wife and i had been stressed for two weeks as we were in town for our first daughters wedding . was a well deserved break and was just what we needed . the food was excellent ! top ratings guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here 3 weeks ago . a fun experience and the food was all great ! it 's a special occasion place or if you have a travelzoo deal..it makes it an affordable visit . the deal includes app to share , 2 salads , and meats are unlimited but did n't take advantage of that . lastly includes 2 glasses of wine . nice time and i would recommend a cozy booth with curtains . it 's perfect for conversation & a relaxing evening .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was amazing and the customer service was good . i would suggest making a reservation b c i had to wait 45 min to be seated .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the melting pot is always a great place to go with a date , it is nice because the dinner is an experience , and the staff is in no hurry to get you moving so they can fit another table in . i have to knock down a star because they took away the quattro formaggio cheese ( the reason i went to this place as often as i did ) . the spinach and artichoke is pretty good , and the desert is always amazing . i have always enjoyed every server we have had at the melting pot , they are so nice and really knowledgable on all of the food . it is a little pricey sure but well worth it if you need a comfort food fix .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only been to this location for happy hour but have enjoyed it thoroughly on many a friday afternoon . the prices are great and the server angie always takes good care of me . i do n't think i have ever sat there with an empty glass waiting to be filled . i also appreciate the extra mile that she goes to make sure i do n't feel lonely even though i always come by myself . this treatment is exactly what will keep me coming back to this melting pot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! turtle chocolate and lobster tail for entree is the best . attentive and friendly waiters", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing , not too mention delicious ! we enjoy the 4 course meals with some friends and dip , ate , laugh , dip tell we could n't eat another thing . highly recommend especially for a celebration of any kind .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great meal great service . wife and i came here tonight for our anniversary and had a great experience . even the music was perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "try the love martini . it is fantastic ! three starts because it is super pricey . the waitress also thought i was strange because i asked her to not add the mushrooms to the fondue pot . also , we had a bit of a disagreement when i said we did not have one in north dakota . she insisted that we did , only to be proven wrong at desert . good place for a romantic date , but next time i am going to look for a small less chain like place to eat .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "beautiful atmosphere and amazing customer service . everyone was extremely kind . our server jeremy was exceedingly patient and kind to our party - answering everyone 's questions and overall being amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service was slow and the restaurant is dated . the price and quality of food do not match up . fun for once but maybe not again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food is good and it 's a different experience . that experience was n't worth the price , though . service was incredibly slow - 3 hours for 6 people and we did n't even do dessert . a `` glass '' of wine is about half of what would be considered a full glass anywhere else . they add a gratuity of 20 % to tables of 5 or more so i guess our server knew she was getting paid no matter what . i can spend $ 80 a person and get much better service and food that i do n't have to cook elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "melting pot is nestled away here in ahwatukee and great for locals in the area . we came in for a birthday party where if you sign up for a promo they will give you free chocolate covered strawberries . the wait staff was very nice and cordial , the food was good too , but you 'll have to consider that there is a very long wait between courses and this meal took us 3 hrs and 15 minutes on a tuesday night ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "outstanding service by megan , she made our dining experience amazing . thank you and we will highly recommend the melting pot to all our friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . had wonderful service . will be back again . food was amazing . we did the full blown fondue for party of 6 . we all had a blast and enjoyed all the food . the desert was out standing . never had fondue desert before here and i will most definitely be back for more", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love fondue ! victor was a fantastic server , friendly , explanatory and fun ! we had the `` endless '' fondue . the spinach artichoke cheese starter was so yummy ! creamy and slightly spicy . the entree was endless protein and we used the mojo style to cook the proteins . the shrimp was so delicious ! finished it off with the plain milk chocolate fondue for dessert . hands down yummy ! great food and superb service ! we will be back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went for happy hour yesterday after reading some reviews . with only 15 seats for happy hour , we thought we 'd have to get there early , but no one was there . the bar tender said it rarely fills up ! shocker ! with good drink deals ( $ 5 martinis , $ 6 wines , and good beer deals ) as well as $ 4 fondue for cheese or chocolate , this really is a great first date place . yes , the date would have to be early , but you could easily catch a movie afterward", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had such a great date night here last night with the hubby , fantastic service by our waiter conan , food was amazing and the cocktails were delicious ! the intimacy and ambiance is unbeatable , we 'll definitely go here again and again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a fun date . it was my first time having fondue but it was worth every penny . our server was great , perfect amount of good service while letting us have our private experience . we had the lobster tail , shrimp , duck breast , filet mignon , new york steak , and chicken breast . was a fun mix and match were we got to try multiple cuts of meat . ended up getting the mojo cooking style and definitely did not regret it . desert was phenomenal and a great way to end the meal . would certainly recommend this dining experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has something for everyone i think . the four course meal is the most affordable way to go from what i 've calculated unless you are only coming in for one or maybe two courses . when you do the 4 course the first is a choice of cheese fondue , then a salad , then your choice of proteins which arrive raw and you cook them in a pot of a broth of your choice , and lastly you pick your dessert chocolate fondue . the meal can take up to a couple hours so be prepared with some time . i enjoy coming but the price often prevents me from coming as much as i 'd like . if you follow their emails , their promotions are helpful in bringing the price down a little bit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the best place for a delcious relaxing meal- we had 7 in our party & had the 4 course meal- had a good variety of cheeses , salads , entrees & dessert- all excellent ! we will be going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "with some trepidation after reading other reviews from people who used coupons , we went for dinner to ahwatukee melting pot . we have been there before and were always happy with meal but wondered how coupon would change it all based on other reviews . this time two of us were on coupon and the third decided to get 4 course . he says `` what a great meal for $ 36 ! '' jennifer was our very entertaining server . she was quick on the `` merlot '' refill . wink wink ( she will know what we mean ) . quick service and very fast on bringing generous refills of shrimp and tenderloin which we consumed the fastest . all in all a great meal and loved the dessert ! ! jennifer earned her 20 % gratuity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had a wonderful first experience at the melting pot . taylor was an awesome server and the manager was very kind and even stopped to check on us ! food was delicious- and the dessert was out of this world !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overpriced and overhyped food . last time turned around at the door due to the smell and waiting line ... ..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "every time i come the service is great , love this location being right off the freeway ! had a great server named alexander ! ! ! it take time to fondue but it is so worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my wife to the melting pot earlier this evening for our anniversary dinner . upon arrival , we were promptly greeted by the hostess and the manager , and even seated before our reservation time . our server came out quickly , with a friendly , pleasant demeanor and a fun , quirky attitude . she was fast , courteous , informative and fun . she helped us through our first visit in detail and helped make our anniversary dinner an amazing experience . our drink never ran empty , we never waited long for the follow-up course and no questions went unanswered . her recommendations were solid and we had a blast . our visit was well worth every penny ! we will definitely be returning in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service was wonderful ! this was our first time trying the melting pot , and we could n't have had a better experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my fourth trip here with my fiancee and this place gets more delicious every time . the new premium meat dippers are fantastic . our server bethany was great and very helpful regarding new menu changes . we had the spinach artichoke cheese and it made our month . we get a different cheese every time and they never disappoint . 5 stars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been a huge fan of the melting pot . our recent visit makes me feel i should n't go back . was celebrating my birthday , the server did n't care . never poured our wine for us . think too busy flirting w her tables . really bummed my special day was ruined and we spent good money . i hate writing this but has been bugging me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been here twice now , always a good time . food is good and wait staff is too . the price is what really gets me . $ 236 for 6 people , that should at least include free drinks , right ? wrong , still paid for them . because of the extremely high cost , its not a place we can go to often by any means .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place . great for couples and the best cheese and chocolate ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place confuses me . paying an arm and a leg to cook my own food just is n't for me . however i think it could be a nice place to go for dessert and wine .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my wife and i love the melting pot . great food , romantic setting , attentive service , and fun concept . they offer an ample gluten free selection for me while still giving my wife the ability to eat off the normal menu . we always plan a couple of hours when we visit and turn it into an event ... not a meal . turtle chocolate fondue is the best ... give it a shot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a wonderful evening at the melting pot ahwatukee . lavonte was our server and did a great job of suggesting menu items and combinations . we did the fondue raiser giving back program which was awesome because it was unlimited proteins for the main course . shrimp and filet was great and even had a second portion of those . the gm stopped by several times to check on our dining experience . will return for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was our first time here and everything was fantastic ! the hostess was super nice , our server brad , was so helpful , polite and professional . the food was incredible ! we also appreciated the manager coming by the table and making sure everything was great ! we also had the smores fondue ... . it 's like heaven in your mouth ! we ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our waiter , zachary , was great ! the food was awesome and you definitely do n't leave hungry . it is a bit pricey , but worth it for a unique dining experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for my 1 year anniversary , my father came along but sat at another table with his date . a typical meal for two is about $ 100 . it is a nice change for doing something interactive and definitely being able to savor your food . it is definitely an occasional type restaurant for those like me who do n't have money to be throwing around everyday . but the experience is definitely worth it . we were treated as important customers , and when an obstacle came up with our food , the waiter and manager were extremely apologetic . we were offered a new plate , and our whole bill was taken care of . ( as was my family 's bill who was sitting at another table ) i was impressed with the service and the way our waitress did n't look down on us but made polite conversation with us : ) this place is my celebration restaraunt !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we go to this melting pot for our anniversary every year . it never really disappoints . the food is always great . the price is steep but when you go once a year , it 's fine . i really do encourage the 4 course as that 's where you 'll get your value .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yelp challenge 2016 21 116 located deep within the rio resort . this tiny starbucks kiosk style caffeine stop employees about 2 people at a time . one of which was hiding in the back room . your going to pay extra here . my grande iced vanilla coffee with 4 pumps of white chocolate mocha costs just under $ 5.00 . grande regular coffees were $ 3.25 each . the condiment bar was a mess . half and half was obsolete . apparently one of the employees had just removed it . i am sure they have an extra thermos somewhere . i do n't even think i can collect a star here . not a fan .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stood in line forever at this very slow starbucks . got to the front and tried to redeem my free drink and was told they do n't accept them at this location . i already stood in line , so i guess i 'll get my usual anyways . what 's that ? my drink is over $ 7 here ? are you effing kidding me . i thought $ 5 was expensive , but this is just ridiculos . will never get a coffee at this location again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "let 's just start off with acknowledging the fact that a starbucks in vegas is almost guaranteed to have a huge line . the one by the rio elevators was easily 15+ people back . after finishing my meal at hash house next door , i was ecstatic to see the line at this next-door starbucks to be only 2 people back , so i rushed on over and got in line ... and stayed there for the next 15 minutes . slowest . service . ever . i think they had to remake a sandwich or something , but c'mon ... 15 minutes for a couple customers ? take upcoming orders and start making the next drinks . and the baristas did n't even seem to be rushed to complete the orders ... so that my dear , earns you a 1-star . on top of that , the drinks are about $ 1.50 more than what you would pay at a regular starbucks location - but that might be a las vegas price hike ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok starbucks . i 'm a little disappointed.. not from lack of service not from lack of quality of my amazing iced drink and cheese danish i just paid $ 10.00 for . i normally do n't like to start my reviews off with the negative but let me get straight to the point . you provide an amazing atmosphere at this location for the working class , the set up is flawless many plugs to get the job done overhead lighting , table space , minimal casino music blasting and you close at 1:00pm ! are you kidding me stay open longer ! for the many of us that dislike working out of our hotel room and want natural air , this location is perfect . please keep your location open longer than 1:00pm . we are working here and would absolutely love to stay longer . the pros , i got a ton of work done today , and enjoyed the danish along with the friendly staff . i mean it 's starbucks ! when in location i will always stop here to get my job done . thank you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the rio actually provides fresh pastries to starbuck in their hotel ! ! the scones are the best ever . i like how the rio is smart and has a seperate line when its busy for pastries and drip coffee only . i have seen late at night that some of the pastires go on sale for a buck each . also to people who didnt know , there is a huge 2nd sb which is quiet and huge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come to this starbucks a lot . the staff is friendly . the drinks are always consistent . sometimes the line is very long , but this location is inside a casino so it 's to be expected especially when there are conventions in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a prime spot , right next to the elevators . which also makes it a bad spot because everyone comes here . they had 2 lines when we came by for the mornings . 1 for regular drips and 1 for all the shmancy shit . the shmancy shit line took forever ! but , at least the baristas were very nice . if you are just looking for coffee , try the sports book cafeteria .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "staff does an amazing job for a coffee shop that needs three registers during busy periods . convenient location for people staying in the towers , unfortunately convenience here is not cheap .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "every time i passed by this place , there was only 1 person working . she made the coffee , served the pastry , worked the cash register . so there was a long line . but the eclair looked so good , i gave in . stood in the long line . the server was very nice in spite of being overworked . the eclair was very good ; the coffee was good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered 3 coffees . for a sunday night , the service was great and the girl behind the counter was friendly and helpful ! awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is for the quickserve starbucks at flamingo . quick service all 4 mornings i was there , no complaints . the apple muffin is a must !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the park itself is small and has a playground thats relatively new . you have to walk through the sleeping quarters of ten or twenty homeless to get to the playground . an ok place for kids to play if youre in this part of town .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "working downtown today i was stopping by the park to have my snack break . the park is small and quaint , it has a children 's play area that is big considering the park area is tight . there are big shade trees to park under for a great break . the park has a few residents who encamp during the day so there may be no sitting areas open . i would avoid the restroom area since it is sometimes closed or dark and looks quite unsafe . if you are a big shy this might not be your kind of city park since they have quite a few temporary residents . having a great big patch of grass and big trees in the middle of the city is a great thing , and this park is that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "foot spas are something i 've only caught on to the past 5 years or so . they are wonderful ! my boyfriend had never been to one , so we went last saturday and paid only $ 18 for a 30 minute session . ( anniversary special ) they served us hot tea while we reclined in very cushy chairs . our spot was directly in front of the aquarium . overhead an hd planet earth movie was playing . we both really enjoyed it and will be back . i love that they are open to 2am . this might become a late night spot to bring visitors after a day & night of fun downtown or on the strip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we visit lv about 8x a year . we have been to this place several times in the past 3 years . in the beginning the massages were worth the price and were relaxing . the ppl seemed to be diligent and the parking situation was plentiful and easy . in the past 2 years the service and professionlism has gone downhill fast . the massuses are definitely not trained ; spent too much time on your legs ( where are the muscle on your shins ? ) ; rudely talking to each other the whole time - not concentrating on your massage while ruining any relaxing ambience ; not massaging your foot pressure points ; and are just going through the motions to kill the time . we came here on aug. 6 and got the 30 minutes $ 18 foot special . things are terrible here - glad we did not opt for an hour . definitely our last visit here ! stay away ! too many other foot massage places in the area .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a hit or miss . the foot and hand massages i have gotten here have mostly been ok , not bad but nothing great .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love the cleanliness love michael who massaged me and rachel who did my husband location is good", "score": "5"}
{"review": "suki is great . i 've been to several around town and i 've finally found one i will return to . $ 18 hr only applies to foot massage only . i got an hour and it cost $ 48 . was n't thrilled bout that but suki did ask me in the beginning if i understood the pricing and i sd yes thinking the $ 18 was just confirmed at the front counter . guess my fault for not asking but seemed a bit sneaky and the reason i knocked 1 star off . all in all , was well worth it and i will return to suki .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love these apartments ! ! so fresh and beautiful and new . the kitchens are to die for they are so perfect . the staff is also amazing ! shonna is the absolute best . if you ever need anything , go see shonna- she is so accommodating , always makes sure we have what we need and are happy . we love how great these apartments are ! ! check them out ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is like a palace ! there are speakers under the water at the pool ! what is that ? ? ? i do n't know , but i love it . i talked to a leasing agent there - nashonna . i know her name is nashonna because who else is named nashonna ? no one . anyway , she was absolutely brilliant . she answered all of my questions with ease and seemed to actually care about me as a person and how i want to live , rather than just a lease . honestly , as great as this place is ( and believe me , it 's awesome ! ) , it was nashonna that put me over the edge to knowing chandler is going to be the next big place to live and have a great time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm very excited to be moving into brio on ray in august . the layout in itself is amazing from the multiple grills around the pool to the beautiful outside sitting areas with flat screens tvs everywhere . shonna was very helpful through the entire process from my initial contact with her along answering every question that i had . she was incredibly communicative , very friendly and provided outstanding customer service . she took her time and was very patient with me . shonna even went the extra mile and followed up with me the next day to make sure everything was ok and to see if i had any questions or concerns . she did n't pressure me or rush me to make a quick decision . i hope this review helps others who may be in the same situation as me being a transplant and attempting to make the right decision on a place to call home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a total hole , and i love it . so many bars in pittsburgh boast a 'dive ' status , but really just cater to hipsters who want dingy , but still crave structure . moondogs is a great blues club with ample room , great sound and a hard working bartender . the drinks are cheap , and not great , but if you keep it simple , they do the trick . it 's an older crowed , which is fine for me . the covers are cheap and they get some great acts . i went to see state college 's miss melanie and the valley rats , and i 'm so grateful i did . i plan to go back this weekend , and probably many more times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the music and atmosphere were great ! however , the bartenders were extremely unpleasant and had unpleasant attitudes to match . as the night went on they charged more and more money for the same drinks . had it not been for the band we would have left sooner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mr. esser ... banning buddy guy from future blues events in the city of pittsburgh is the most assinine thing i 've ever heard anyone do . it 's 2015 . it 's a blues fest in pittsburgh , not dade cunty florida . have you ever been to a steeler game ? you cheat all buddy fans and blues fans alike . screw ever coming into your understaffed club again . im sure buddy can work around you and entertain blues fans before this legend is gone for good . you 've lost the plot for sure .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this place it 's one of my favorites ! ! ! sure it 's considered a dive ! ! ! but that 's moondogs ! ! ! wonderful acts ! bartenders bust their ass ! management and staff are friendly ! ! ! best part ? ... .no grushecky that i 've ever seen ! ! ! it 's holds dear memories for me ! ! have met some wonderful and dear people there ! ! ! give it a try if you are n't a pretentious , uptight idiot ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst venue iv been to . run down stage with a post that blocks the view , small restroom with one toilet and one urinal , the latter being out of order , floor covered in a puddle of piss , only one beer tap ( i was wondering why every body was drinking guinness ) , no food ( you can bring in food from starlite lounge a couple doors down ) . the only reason im even giving this place two stars is because its a blues bar . i saw savoy brown here tonight and it was one of the best shows iv ever seen", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a reliable company with honest people . i have used them for a few plumbing needs . they helped repair a blockage in my sewage pipes and installed a new water heater . i recommend this company for trustworthy company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used babcock plumbing in different homes i have lived in . their service and attention to detail is second to none . from the first call to set up appointment to finished results it is always a smooth process . they are a family owned business that values true customer service . always great service and support . they are the only plumber i would use !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "big thanks to brett babcock of babcock plumbing for the quick response and help with my emergency today . you have always come through for me and today was no exception . thank you . brett worked on my 50 year old house in scottsdale back in 2006-2010 and now he helps with my 30 year old condo in mesa . excellent work , reasonable prices , great response times , and always a great attitude .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fabulous service from brett this morning . very professional , clean and honest . highly recommend babcock plumbing and the prices are reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding service - highly recommended ! i used babcock in 2008 for a new water heater because of strong recommendation from rosie on the house . brett was on time , the cost was reasonable and the service was impeccable . called jackie at babcock this week because of a few shower leaks , slow draining sinks and drippy faucets . brett came again and did a great job . these folks are the most honest and fair plumbers in all of az ! brett exceeded expectations . you will not be disappointed when you use babcock plumbing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brett and sheldon came out and did some work for my grandmother yesterday and they were great . she was so happy with them that she ca n't stop raving about the job they did . they made sure that she got exactly what she wanted and they did it all in one day which made her extremely happy . just an overall great experience with them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the worst dining experiences i 've ever had . over the two hours we were there , we received less than half of what we had ordered . after receiving our initial order of tapas , which all tasted very good , we sat for almost an hour waiting for the rest of our food to arrive . other tables around us were also asking for food that was taking way too long to arrive . when the paella finally arrived , it had obviously been sitting under a heat lamp or in the oven for a very long time as the top of the rice was burned to a crisp . that was the last straw and we asked for our bill to just include what we had actually received . they did recover somewhat by discounting the bill , but it was still a wasted 2 hours for only a couple of appetizers . interestingly , we then went to citizen public house and had great drinks , food and service . at least they helped redeem and otherwise frustrating evening .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was my first time at a spanish restaurant and this place exceeded my expectations . went on a saturday evening with my friends and everyone loved it . we ordered several tapas and paellas and the food was awesome . taking away one point because of the scarcity of the staffs . our waiter was serving several tables so it was taking quiet a while to get his attention . other than that we had a blast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . real spanish tapas , great sangria , and the paella is unbelievable . the owner is so nice and a little crazy lol but he treats you like family . to me you ca n't beat place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here for the first time yesterday for the happy hour and i was genuinely impressed ! we shared some tapas and sangria , which were all delicious . we stayed to watch the spanish guitarists and the flamenco dancer , yumi , who is amazing ! she is so talented and sweet ! and yes , flamenco dancing is loud so do n't hold that against the restaurant . we had an amazing waiter named vincent . impeccable service ; he gets 5 stars ! ! he did mention that he was newer to the restaurant , so ( in regards to the previous comments about the poor service ) it looks like they made some changes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dear lord this place was awful . i wanted to chew my leg off to escape . the worst tapas place i 've been to . i 'm shocked this place has higher ratings . i feel snobby but people must have zero experience at tapas restaurants . first , the ambience is like disney world . the food is awful . pre-cooked and soaking in oil . everything tastes like oil . the owners must have got some deal on mini cast iron pans . everything tastes like nothing . no flavor just grease . the folks at the door make such a scene when you get there that you feel like you 'd make a bigger scene if you left . so you 're trapped at this ridiculous place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing food , and fun atmosphere . i 'm surprised at this restaurant 's low reviews . i 've never had a bad dish here ! ! the food is fantastic and full of flavor ! everything is pretty spectacular . the tapas are excellent , paella is delicious , the escargot are the best i 've had . they 've got a great happy hour , and the pricing on the regular menu is decent considering that it 's in old town . whenever my mom comes to visit , all she wants is to go to this restaurant ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice to have food court options that are not fast food . had the super bowl with chicken and quinoa . good but not a great value at $ 12.99 . service was not great although not any worse than what one might expect at a food court .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i honestly do n't know why the reviews for this eatery are so bad ! i found the food here decent and a lot better than the other choices at the yorkdale food court . we actually stayed at a hotel right by yorkdale so before heading off to our meetings everyday , we would stop by the food court for a quick lunch . i must have ate at glow press at least four times and i honestly have to say that their food was better than the majority of the other eateries at yorkdale ! as mentioned in other reviews , a good grilled cheese sandwich is very simple to make , but i felt that the sides were actually the stars of the show . i actually just ordered a few sides to go one afternoon as a snack and i really enjoyed them for the price ! i pretty much always ordered the roasted potatoes and vegetables as my sides and the staff there would always give me a generous helping of each .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . my fav so far is the san fran grilled cheese . what i like about this place is you can get 2 relatively healthy sides to go with your grilled cheese . i usually get the strawberry spinach salad with the tangerine balsamic vinegrette ( tastes like gummy bears when combined ) and the couscous . i just wish the sandwich was larger .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my initial thoughts about this place . my daughter has never gone to school here so it may be different if she did . when i walked in , it did not feel welcoming . to be honest with you , i felt like i was walking into juvenile hall with all the classrooms a little hidden . i like the montessori so maybe my review is a little biased . the playground looks lonely . looks like a lonely park ... you have to bring your own lunch here which is an added expense . i 'm sure it 's a good school if my daughter would have went but i think i 'll stick to her old school .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my son enrolled here for a year and he loved it . ms. cathy taught him so much and he was more than prepared for kindergarten ! the staff is great and friendly , the director is very nice and willing to work with odd schedules .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was our 4th childcare facility in the valley and by far the best . we are amazed at how much our girls have learned from their wonderful teachers . ms. cathy ms. debbie ms. jonelle our oldest is now in kindergarten and went in with many more skills than needed thanks to hand in hand ! our youngest is always so excited to tell us about what she learns and creates at school , and she is absolutely in love with her teachers which makes life so much easier on mom and dad . truly a wonderful school that we recommend to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son attended this preschool for about a year when he was 2 3yes old . pros : clean , secure drop off made me feel like he was definitely safe . they have cameras but at the time they could only be viewed from a pc ... not exactly convenient at work . cons : every time i picked my son up they were at the table writing.. ( tracing ) their names.i wanted to see my son enjoying himself , maybe singing one day , playing with toys , puppets , anything ... nope . just writing . regardless of what time i picked him up ... always writing his name ... poor kid nearly jumped into my arms to be rescued whenever i came to pick him up . i liked the school but not the curriculum . too boring for 2 3yr olds ... . eventually i felt bad taking him to sit at the table all day and i pulled him out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "only came in for a visit as we were looking to move to a new daycare for my 18 month old . the facility was very impressive as they have a very secure entrance and pick-up process . the staff who greeted us and toured us was very professional too and answered all or questions very well . the only reason we will not continue with this center is that the classrooms do not seem very lively . there were no artworks on the wall and the room seemed small for toddlers . maybe if my child was in preschool age , i will consider this place . but my 18 month old needs space and vibrant visuals to keep him entertained so we will be staying with our current daycare for now .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love it ! ! ! ! super clean , every teacher is on top of it ! they all follow the same rules !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service dept needs better management . dropped of bike for saddle bag installation & waited 3 days for update on it . finally i called them . after 1 ride of about 60 miles , the bolts were loose ! overpriced bikes & poor service dept", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been shopping for a new bike , looking at many different types , styles from touring to sport . requested quotes from coyote honda on a couple different bikes , got them in one day , i was at the dealership the next day and kris the sales manager helped me out , i ended up with a different bike than i requested quotes on , a 2013 goldwing f6b . i asked for a otd price and was satisfied with it , bought it . some dealerships you can spend hours getting out the door , i was in and out in no time , and was not pressured into purchasing worthless extended warranties or service plans . the dealership has moved from 107th ave to an old automobile dealership along the papago freeway , just around the corner from where they once were . dealership was clean , had a good selection of honda motorcycles , fast friendly experience . i 'm very pleased with my overall experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by just to check them out earlier this week . this is a family owned business , not one of the megadealers . the staff was friendly and helpful and there was several dozen bikes on the showroom floor .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "run for your life ! ! ! i needed to have so much stuff done to my bike when i had it towed in , needless to say they screwed it up so bad i have to have it towed elsewhere . they have no idea what their doing . the gas tank rusted so they took care of that , but only removed part of the rust . the cleaned my carb ... .not , the carb was never touch ... but i paid for all the service they refused to correct , and they paid triple the $ $ $ to get it drive able . i bought my bike from them and have been treated like shit since . give your business to someone you can return to , stay clear of these clowns , , , fat momma with the food stained shit might come out and yell at ya ... .if she can put the fork down .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after shopping around at most of the shops in town .none of who would call back..from tempe to peoria ... .i ended up taking my bike to coyote honda in avondale ... even though i had a kawasaki ... they still worked on it ... fast service ... competitive pricing.great communication ... . if you need work done this is the place to take it to ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in need of some food after a night out during my most recent trip to cleveland and this location was suggested.. i was not surprised to say the least ! lets start with the fact that our waiter was also the hostess and the person ringing out to go orders . normally this would n't bother me but it seemed like each waiter only had one table each ! why not give me a waiter that 's focused on being a waiter and not someone i have to go to the front to get when i need something for my table ! ? ! then there 's the food ... i 'm pretty sure they were the worse pancakes i 've ever had ! the only reason this place gets the stars it gets is because the bacon and eggs were great and our waiter was funny..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "at first i thought this place was just bad when its crowded ( after 1 am ) with teenagers . but when i tried them again in the middle of the day when it was relatively empty , the service was worse . our particular waitress kept forgetting what i wanted , brought me the wrong meal , charged me the wrong prices , and not to mention she was flirting with my boyfriend .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this ihop is where pancakes go to die ( instead of bask in buttery , syrupy , delicious glory ) . everyone who works here seems disgruntled -- that could be just their natural demeanors or it could be the fact that they got stuck working at the international house of poop ( instead of `` pancakes '' , of course ) . the food is always mediocre at ihop , but it 's never really a bad thing . sometimes you just need a sloppy pile of breakfast mush , but when it comes with bad service , things that are n't food in your food , and mixed up orders , it 's completely not worth it . in short , i agree with everyone 's previous complaints , but i 'll probably be back if a strong urge brings me here . the problem with that , though , is that i 'm way closer to the inn on coventry and know i 'll get great food and service there . so , really , i 'll probably not be back due to any urge ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went here unbelievably for the first time as its been there for ages . i ordered the belgian waffle combo , while the waffles were awesome i found the bacon thin and eggs really nothing special . it was quiet but for a place that serves breakfast you would think they would get some decent bacon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ended up at this ihop early morning after hanging out with friends . unfortunately , it 's one of the few places in the area that serves food at random hours of the night early morning . the service was slow . the waiter forgot our order twice , and the food came out somewhat cold as if it were prepared 15 minutes ago but was sitting around waiting to be brought to our table . i normally enjoy ihop , but unless you have to be here at 3am , i would n't recommend this particular location . perhaps the service is better during regular business hours ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had dinner this evening . my server was pleasant and tried to fix bad cooking . i got chicken parmesan with penne . very little cheese on meat . extra cheese sent in a cup , grated ! wow ! ! and it was cold ! ! it was bad and getting worse .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "disgusting . this was , hands down , the most disappointing experience i 've ever had at ihop . the menus are different , and the food cheapened along with it . scrambled `` eggs '' ( not real eggs ) came out tough and orange looking , my salad had over cooked gray hard boiled eggs and grilled chicken that tasted like sausage , the staff was slow , the hostess was unhelpful . do n't go ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not open 24 hours anymore : ( i like the pancakes here , but now that it closes at 10 i do n't see myself coming here much anymore . my favorite thing used to be grabbing a book and mooching off if their unlimited pancakes and coffee through the night . now i have nothing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "our sever , adrian was very attentive , apologetic when necessary , food was great . service was excellent ! i was here for my nieces , tamikas home warming with karen , and her friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "from reading the other reviews , i think we got lucky . my family went on easter morning and had great service , the food was excellent , and service was fast for a busy day . used our $ 5 coupon from jb dollar with no problems . our server was very nice , and checked on us from time to time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so having been taken here to experience `` hawker '' food from someone recently back from austrialia , there was a lot of build up . bringing singaporean street food to toronto is a great idea , a beautiful mix of asian indian influences that is mad popular across the pacific . overall , the scene is a bit bare and crowded . the tables could use some new layout as you 're crammed in a bit for table space . a interesting but experimental cocktail list . the son-in-law eggs and laksa were highlights but the chicken was n't up to par . a few extra points for uniqueness but overall , it does n't quite measure up to the real deal . still waiting for someone to bring hawker food to the masses .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after the bittersweet cmye at church , a few of us headed over to hawker bar to test out the waters . they do n't yet have a liquor license , though the virginal replacements are very sweet and refreshing . they continually serve ginger tea in cutesy vintage mismatching cups . we split a few dishes ; s-i-l eggs , chili salt tofu , hainanese chicken and laksa . while i 'd forego the chicken , it was pretty flat-line ; chicken with an assembly line of sauces of your picking , the s-i-l eggs are a must try as everyone else has pointed out . the deep fried , soft boiled eggs come in pairs of two on a bed of unbelievable tamarind-chili jam . they should jar that shit and sell it on the side . the tofu is deep fried and pretty decent , though the accompanying tamarind chutney was ... let 's just say i 'll write a love note to it later . it was perfectly fresh , tangy and pigmented . the service was really fantastic . our waiter was very enthusiastic and patient for a tiny yet busy restaurant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "seriously delicious . you must order the `` son in law '' egg to start . they recommend eating it all in one bite , and boy are they ever right . it was an explosion of awesomeness in my mouth . i could eat several of those suckers . i ordered the laksa soup which was delicious , and just the right amount of spicy . my boyfriend ordered the hainanese chicken rice which was also awesome - a plate of rice and chicken served with 3 sauces that you can customize your meal with : ginger puree , dark soy and chili sauce . i had the banana fritter for dessert . i polished off every last bite and was tempted to lick the plate . overall , a really fun and unique dining experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "maybe this place is over hyped ? got the son-in-law eggs - it was like eating a raw egg pretty much . was n't that flavourful . ordered the hawker 's chili crab , it was okay but just not my style of food . i just did n't find the flavouring that unique . the setting is nice but space is limited and it 's very tight , good if you want a cozy feel to it . since it 's small it might be hard to get seating . good if you want to try something new and been to other restaurants in the area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this little bar restaurant is a nice place to grab a bite with a friend or in a group . my date and i came here and it was n't overly packed like the other ossington restaurants . the d\u00e9cor does appear to be hip and trendy but the vibe is very casual . the food has an asian twist to it . we shared an appetizer of dumplings ( three dumplings only which is an odd number to split if you 're sharing with another person ) , and we each had the special entree of singapore noodles . it was a healthy helping of noodles with plenty of meat , fish and veggies , and a nice kick of spice . the drinks were delicious : i had the hawker sling which i forget what the main alcohol ingredient was but it was sweet and spicy . they 're definitely potent so one was enough otherwise i would have embarrassed myself greatly in front of my date and that 's just not good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sweet , sour , salty noodles - the resemblance with pad thai was uncanny . however , the flavour profile was different . i ca n't say that i 'm a fan of this this . too sour for me . laksa lemak - this was by far my favourite . a rich and spicy coconut curry soup , noodles , tofu , red pepper , eggplant , chicken , and soft boiled egg . this dish had layers and layers of flavour . singapore sweet chilli soy chicken wings - one of the best chicken wings i 've tried . coated in a really thick and sticky sweet chili soy sauce that was amazing . prawn and ginger dumplings - standard dumplings .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food : 6.5 10 atmosphere : 7 10 service : 7 10 overall experience : 6.5 10 sometimes choosing a restaurant on the ossington strip is like those problems you faced in the probability section of your math class in high school . what is the likelihood that it will be hipster ? what is the chance that the food will be good ? what is the probability that it will be hipster or have good food , but not both ? hawker bar fits the last combination - it is definitely hipster , with it 's tree stump-like bar stools and dim lighting , but the food is sub par . the only saving grace for me was the laksa . other than that , the chili salt tofu and singaporean noodles we got were average at best . i would n't say no if somebody suggested in the future , but it is not on my repeat list . the bottom line : usual hipster ossington joint with good laksa but sub-par other dishes .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my wife and i came here for winterlicious . i must say that the food definitely brought me back to my trip to indonesia . i had wings and my wife had the curry for appetizer . both were very tasty . curry was not too strong and wings had a crisp to it . then to the mains . duck and pork belly was a home run . i envied my wife as she devoured it . i had the steak . the steak itself was ok . it was a little bit in the chewy side . the fried banana and red bean ice cream was amazing . the deep fried bun was great . overall good atmosphere and food that rocks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice small restaurant , good ambience and service . 3 stars for the food . got the tofu appetizer and veggie laksa . the fried tofu was good and got a nice spice kick to it . the veggie laksa , the flavour is there and it 's a different twist but the noodle is 50 % cooked . i know that people prefer al dente but for rice noodles it needs to be cooked ! ! ! the noodle was so raw that you ca n't really chew it . for a noodle bar uncooked noodle is a problem..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place really does injustice to singaporean malaysian food , especially if you have actually been to singapore or malaysia . the food is not authentic and way too overpriced . the hainanese chicken was overcooked and tough . the ginger sauce is not made property and it should be combined with green onions . the authentic version should also comes with a bowl of chicken stock . many of the menu items can be found in a typical chinese restaurant at a much cheaper price and better quality . however , i do enjoy the drinks that they make . we only came to hawker bar since an acquaintance and so called 'food critic ' recommended it . wo n't ever waste my money here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "enjoyed some late-night snacks at this cool little bar featuring asian-inspired yummies and creative cocktails . since we arrived quite late ( after 1am i think ) only the first 5 items on the menu were available . the standout for us was the crispy school prawns ... soft-shell prawns that you can eat whole , shell and all , served with a spicy tangy red sauce . i 've never had a soft-shell shrimp before and i have to say , it was freaking delicious . cocktails were also on point . cool spot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what ? ! i have n't reviewed hawker bar yet ? i love hawker bar and all the people who work there . the vibe is relaxed and friendly , the food is amazing . recos : wings , son in law eggs ( may sound weird , but the taste is fantastic ) , the light refreshing cucumber salad , and the chili crab special is a must eat . the drinks are also really good - small but excellent selection of beer and wine , good cocktails and definitely get the frozen shots ! i love the chili vodka - if you can take the heat , do ! hawker bar is open for lunch on the weekends so if it 's busy at night , try again tomorrow . do it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my second time dining here , we ordered laksa lemak and chicken rice . the laksa was not authentic at all . it was sour and the ingredients were all wrong ( snow peas ? ? ? are you kidding me ? eggplant ? ) and do n't even get me started on the noodles ... . trust me , i 'm a born and bred singaporean and this is not laksa ... i disapprove and am disappointed . i did not like the service , at least hire people who know the cuisine inside and out . ) :", "score": "1"}
{"review": "restaurant is a small venue located in ossington area - the decor is quaint and cozy . i felt welcomed into a familiar environment , although greeted by unfamiliar faces . it was my first time here and seeing all the mediocre reviews i did n't have high expectations for the place . people commonly seem to compare traditional chinese food to hawker bar ... but i 'm not sure that 's a fair comparison considering this place serves asian fusion dishes . admittedly the laksa was n't their best however the chicken wings definitely knocked my socks off ! you 'll also have to try the delicious coconut rice which tastes amazing even on it 's own . imagine the coconut sticky rice from the thai dessert mango + sticky rice , but with the rice on it 's own . yum ! although the place was a little far west , the food was yummy and service was great . i enjoy cozy and familiar environments as such , and felt like it was a great place to get together with a large group of friends .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hawker bar was never a traditional singaporean malaysian restaurant but was more of an interpretation of that cuisine . they started of pretty well with that concept by offering a small menu but have gone downhill . introducing watercress to the beef rendang sauce is a total no no and it is now very sweet . susur lee and the rest of the dim sum chefs better watch out as hawker bar is now offering probably the most expensive har gow in the world at $ 9 for 4 small pieces that tastes very mediocre . something has gone really wrong with this place and they better get their act to together real fast .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i tried their summerlicious lunch . the portions were so small and i did n't feel that i had eaten anything . if for a man , for sure he needs togo to mcdonald to eat again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "real nice , amazing snacks ( had the wings and tofu ) , good drinks . the service is slow on the weekends because it 's usually one server slugging it out ( kudos to them ) but i will definitely be back , soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here on a saturday night during summerlicious and was blown away by both the food and service . we had an 8pm reservation and were seated right away ( even though the place was quite busy ) . servers were attentive throughout the night - refilling water , clearing plates and asking if we wanted more drinks ( the most important part ! ) . sometimes summerlicious food is bland and very clearly pre-packaged prepared en masse , but that was n't the case here . everything here was flavorful , seasoned well and the portions were perfect ( we had the shrimp laksa , dumpling platter , chicken + ribs , surf + turf and desserts ) . would absolutely come back when their regular menu is available to try other things . the cocktails were reasonably priced for downtown toronto , strong , and delicious . the staff were really friendly , and the ambiance was perfect . ca n't wait to come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "arrrg another ossignton strip joint people rave about that i simply do not get . the food is fine but i do n't understand the amount of rave accolades these places get . i tried a total of about 5 dishes and there were all fine but nothing was exceptionally amazing aside from the son in law eggs . those eggs really were special . all the other dishes , ( the chicken wings , fried tofu and the shrimp ) were all fine but nothing that made me moan", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was looking forward to trying this restaurant out after reading many great reviews and hearing my singaporean friend rave about hawker food . a few items we tried were disappointing : shrimp dumplings were $ 9 for 4 small pieces which were quite bland ; chili salt tofu had nice crunch but unfortunately bland for something with `` chili '' and `` salt '' - did n't care much for sweet tasting bbq dip that came with the tofu ; laksa : according to my companion does not taste like real laksa , which i 've never tried so can not comment on its authenticity but personally thought it was good , though not memorable ; sweet salty sour noodles is reminiscent of pad thai . brussels sprouts were good value at $ 5 and nicely caramelized , but overall the flavors of food erred on the sweeter side of things and were really just average ... the service though was prompt and courteous .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here for lunch with a friend and were the only people in the resto . we shared the son in law eggs , and i got the chicken laksa . the waitress kindly explained all the components to the son in law eggs and they were very yummy . my laksa was a good size for lunch and had a lot of veggies and chicken in it . however it has really little noodles . i gave this place 3 stars because food was good but it was pricey for what it was . the friend i came with is from singapore and she agrees with me that the food is decent but it hurts her a little to be paying $ 12 for laksa when it 's like $ 5 back home .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ate dinner here with 3 really hot guys . hard to tell after just one visit if the experience was so enjoyable because the guys were so hot , or if the food was so hot . guess i 'll just have to have dinner with an ugly person like my roommate to find out . stay tuned !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great spot ! my gf and i went last night . it was busy when we walked in so the waitress told us it would be about 20min wait for the table , so we went down the road for a drink . i called later and she remembered us and told us to come back . cocktails are great here- we both had 2 of the list ! the hawker one was my favourite . service was really good- both the waitress and bartender did a good job as a team . laksa was amazing- we had the chicken one . delicious spicy coconut broth with perfectly cooked noodles . brussels sprouts in great sauce as well so we just asked for side of rice . it is definetly affordable . atmosphere is great ! we are back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great place to visit and having a good time . it 's chill , the double apple hookah is great . the knafa was delicious also the overall of the place decoration is amazing . i would recommend it . good prices though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite cafes to come to ! best hookah , drinks , food and service ! chris is one of the nicest guys and our favorite favorite employee he takes care of the entire lounge and all it 's customers . make sure to check it out you truly will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "favorite hookah place in town at the moment . staff is very pleasant . the hookah is clean and smooth !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great . the music is nice not too loud . the lighting and decor is great . nice hookah flavors and they make lattes and cappuccinos which is pretty cool . love this place . definitely recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little spot to stop in and hang out , coffee and tea bar is excellent with some unique snacks . great place to stop after dinner next store at green corner and relax . owner is really nice and passionate about his cafe ! definitely worth checking out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time in here , and im already in love with this place lol . 7abeet their konafa the most !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend this cafe hookah lounge ! i came in for a cup of authentic java and end up staying for hours , best hookah in town ! the ambience is perfect : - ) mediterranean music is awesome : - ) ) staff is so hospitable ... a great place to order a cappuccino , authentic pastries , they have the best hookah ! it 's a sheek spacious lounge with plenty of tables and leather comfy couches and i got to connect to free-wifi all at once ! i sure will tell my friends ! and did i mention service ! i give this place a thumbs up", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hookah lounge with indoor and outdoor seating . it was very clean and spacious , not crowded like some hookah lounges . yhe music played at a comfortable level . the couches were big and comfy . it smelled nice . they make lattes and have snacks , they are new , so no menu yet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wooly wonders is a gem hidden away in yet another las vegas strip mall . it 's small but incredibly well stocked with a variety of yarns and needle craft supplies . the yarns range from mid to high level brands and types , and including cascade , noro and debbie bliss . they also stock roving for spinners as well . the ladies that work at this shop are incredibly helpful and knowledgeable . they not only know about knitting , but also crochet , hairpin lace , tatting and spinning as well . they have a table set up for people to sit and knit at , and the shop gets lots of natural light from large front windows . overall this shop is my favorite lys in las vegas and i shop here often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from all the other reviewers , i must have hit this shop on a bad day . when the owner was n't there ... ... ... i left the shop thinking `` the only `` wonder '' about this shop is how it 's still in business . '' it 's small , there is n't a big selection of yarn , the staff did n't know the name of a shop sample pattern - she said it probably came from `` something called ravelry . '' she did n't know what `` long color repeat '' is , and she was completely unhelpful . she was far more interrested in locking the door at 4:00 than in helping customers . wo n't be going back there anytime soon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for a tiny shop in a strip mall a moderate ( but doable ) hike from my apartment , wooly wonders is excellent . the only reason i did n't give them 5 stars was because i 've been spoiled by the old `` straw into gold '' ( no longer in business ) in berkeley , ca . they have what looks like a great selection of yarn ( i 'm not a knitter , but a spinner ) , a couple of spinning wheels , drop spindles , an assortment of fibers for spinning and some great gift items for spinners or knitters . the wooden ( bamboo ? ) knitting needles with polymer clay heads were so attractive cute that if i did n't already know that i 'm not much of a knitter , i 'd have purchased several pairs on the spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good selection of yarn , but a little austere during the day when i visited . i was planning to sit and knit but ended up making a purchase and departing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would have loved to have seen this shop , but apparently it 's closed for labor day . the website and yelp both say it 's open , but the sign on the door says it 's closed . maybe next time ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "visited the shop today and sadly they are no longer in business . they have n't updated their website indicating they are no longer in business . trying to save others from traveling unnecessarily .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this store is a gem ! wooly wonders carries all types of premium yarn , books , magazines , knitting and crochet needles and spinning supplies . i was greeted immediately when i entered the store . both women who were working provided such wonderful , friendly service . i felt very welcome and unintimidated , as they were both knit and crochet friendly . i would definitely recommend this establishment if you 're looking for a local knit and crochet supply store in which you will feel at home . i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was looking for a specific shell button . they had a small button collection but not mine . she was happy to give me a list of national chains to try out but would n't say another local shops name . maybe they dont have another in town ? i will keep looking but for yarn and needles you will be set . ive never seen so much wool !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my finace and i went here on our way out of town . i am happy to say they had a wonderful selection of yarn ! ! i plan on going back next time we are in town ! ! the lady there was very helpful . i recommend this store to anyone that knits or crochets ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perfect lunch spot tucked away a bit behind peter 's yard in the quartermile serving up quality sourdough pizza and lovely healthy salads . i went with friends and we ordered 4 slices of the vegetarian pizza , which was garlic and mushroom that day , and a little box of white bean salad . all very fresh and clean tasting , in an environment that matched . it 's really airy and pristine in there and it feels upmarket . i found the prices very reasonable for pizza . the only downside is it 's a bit hidden from view so many people do n't even know about it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one star for location and one for interior design and outside sitting . the pizza however was not satisfing at all also the salad was too bland .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great salads , pizza and open faced sandwiches . add pastries , coffee and wonderful atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i liked but did n't love a-ok coffee . i was sad that they were out of nashville hot chicken and did n't mark it on the sign . i ordered the sausage and egg biscuit instead , and it tasted kind of funny . the biscuit itself was great . i 'm not a coffee drinker , so i loved that they offer fresh squeezed juice . it was pricy for the small cup , but that 's no different from anywhere else . average atmosphere . nothing bad , nothing particularly comfortable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i stopped at a-ok yesterday , and have to admit , i 'm impressed . i loved that they have nessalla kombucha on tap ! it was delicious . i also enjoyed the scone i ordered , which was crispy crunchy on the outside and perfectly baked on the inside . my companion enjoyed the coffee . i was tempted to order the biscuits & gravy , and will try that on my next visit . the staff members on hand were friendly and knowledgeable . the vibe was laid back , and i enjoyed the quirky yet modern design . the shared outside courtyard area is awesome , and definitely unique . i look forward to visiting a-ok coffee again , and also checking out julep and barolo .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this space and the coffee is fantastic , however the tea prices are ludicrous . i ordered a 16-oz iced tea , which came in a 16-oz mason jar . when i requested a little less ice i was informed that they would not be able to fill the jar all the way then . are you kidding me ? if i order 16 oz of iced tea i technically have the right to say no ice at all . great ambiance and location , but they need to cool it on the stingy prices . sheesh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "definitely have the pulled pork bbq with house made pickles for breakfast . they are sloppy , spicy , sweet , and the combination with the dill-ish pickles is so perfect that my mouth is watering just thinking about it . we stopped in a few days ago when my son got to town and he was starving , and they did not disappoint . we sat at the bar and service was fast . the preparation of the kinkin coffee is still oddly weak and not up to the high degree of perfection achieved at johnson public house , so i 'm still waiting to give that a better review . but the food experience was much improved this time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been a fan of jph for awhile and was eagerly awaiting the opening of their new cafe ; the place did not disappoint . they brought the same gold standard of coffee found at jph here and changed up the menu options . the biscuit with jam is huge and super flaky and i 'll definitely be back to try out their burger . it 's a solid ambience to do work on the weekends with plenty of outlets and lighting by each of the tables . they also had a spectacular playlist going the last two times i 've been .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great coffee , easy to find a place to sit and the staff is always very friendly . we keep going back and waiting for that moment when everyone finds out about this little cafe and we can no longer find a seat , but so far it 's been our go to coffee shop in madison . the coffee comes from kinkin - johnson public house 's roasting arm , and it 's always very good . ( i 'm not sure if the espresso is from kinkin as well ... ) . the baristas are always very friendly and they can pull a mean shot of espresso . seating is currently pretty easy to get , and they 've laid out the cafe to have a lot of small tables and a variety of seating areas . the only challenge is parking . only on street parking is available , and it seems like that block of east washington gets congested with construction vehicles pretty regularly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "more like eh-ok . it was our first visit . the staff was very friendly . the coffee was fine but the food was uninspired and bland . the biscuits and gravy were fair . the biscuit was large and the gravy had plenty of sausage but the gravy needed lots of help . some seasoning salt , paprika , sage , black pepper ... anything would have helped . same with the hash . the potatoes were barely cooked and seemed completely unseasoned . whomever is cooking seems to be just going through the motions . we might try them again if it was closer but we wo n't be driving across town to get there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "biscuits and gravy with two eggs is a must . drinks are good , but mocha no where near as solid as their sister mocha at jph . environment is great . only negative is twice now two separate baristas have been completely disengaged and unenthusiastic . smiling really makes the day better . no joke . you 're not too cool for your job .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent coffee ! a nice space with room for babies . a cool shared outdoor area . the coffee is seriously one of the best in the city . so glad to see great coffee in madtown .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came to hang out in the courtyard with some friends . had a few beers and tried their bbq pulled pork sandwich . cool decor . it 's new-ish and clean . not overly priced . the bbq pulled pork was just ok , not bad by any stretch . i 'd honestly would have rather had a homemade one or one from dickie 's bbq . i did not have the coffee so i ca n't speak to that . we ordered inside and had our food taken to us in the courtyard which only had 2 shade umbrellas which was unfortunate . i recommended swinging by though just to see how it is , perhaps you 'll find something you like .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food quality , coffee , ambiance , and service are great but the prices are steep for such simple , basic options . i 'm from the south and have had my fair share of biscuits and gravy and a-ok is doing it right ! best biscuit and gravy i 've had in wisconsin ... the perfect melt in your mouth texture , slightly crispy , perfectly browned , perfect ratio of butter and honey .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a misnomer : aok should really be called terrific coffee because it 's terrific . the coffee is excellent , albeit too expensive to make it your daily coffee jawn ; the biscuits are to die for ; the space is beautiful , light , airy , not over-the-top precious ; the staff are friendly and informative . try it and you will like it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a-ok recently changed ownership , no longer part of the johnson public house kinkin coffee roasters umbrella . they now have switched things up : serving true coffee and a different food menu is on offer as well . the coffee although more of a medium-dark roast , is not bitter at all and carries more sweetness but loses some of the floral , fruity and bright notes of kinkin 's lighter style . this will definitely appeal more to the general public and although well done it is a definite loss to madison 's light roast selections ( already lacking . ) coffee beans aside , not much else has changed , the decor remains a funky fresh expression of nouveau diner mixed with some mid century modern , the baristas still brew and pull a good cup of coffee and espresso . all in all , good coffee if you 're a medium roast fan , but third wave geeks will have to seek other offerings .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the biscuits and gravy are outstanding . i was told the chef won best biscuit in chicago before moving to madison . now they are the best biscuit in madison . excellent coffee . i came back a few days later for a milkshake that was the best i 'd had and my girlfriend got a very unique homemade soda that she just gushed about . the outside patio is fantastic too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for drinks . great service ! the bartender not only talked me into trying the berry kombucha on tap ( i thought i hated kombucha ) , but she also convinced me to put it in my favorite cocktail instead of ginger ale . it was fabulous . looking forward to going back for food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went there for breakfast , the food was very good but over-priced and charging $ 1.50 for a refill on coffee is ridiculous . the biscuit that came with the $ 12 country breakfast was excellent as were the hash browns . the place was small but comfortable , ordering at the counter is fine with me but if you need something you need to ask for it . over all i probably wo n't be going back i can get a similar breakfast for half as much at several other places nearby .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "aptly named a ok sunshine & spirits , it is such a lovely , cheerful place with awesome kinkin coffee and some great baristas . this spot is equally good for studying working or meeting up for lunch or drinks . it has access to the whole robinia courtyard - gorgeous and perfect for sunny summer enjoyment . love it . p.s . $ 2.50 nessalla kombucha happy hour and boozy slushies !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a special addition to madison . i live in the neighborhood and frequently go to jph . i love how the space has a bit of a retro vibe which differentiates it from jph . it 's also bright and happy inside , not to mention the owners and people who work there are lovely people . their food was delicious ( had the blt ) , coffee is the best in madison , and their phosphate sodas are delicious ! so happy to have another great spot in the neighborhood !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great coffee ( same as johnson public house ) . nice patio outside . owners and staff are super nice too . great place for coffee , and for breakfast too . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our family stopped in for lunch and drinks and had a wonderful time ! what a neat , unique building ! we tried a milkshake , homemade soda , iced coffee and bloody mary 's , and all were great ! the food was very tasty and we loved the biscuits ! the staff are friendly and atmosphere is hipster and trendy . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "boop ... beep ... boop ... beep ... boop ... beep ... boop beep boop beep boop beep boop beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep listening to the staff play a vintage arcade game really adds to the ambiance here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "like an amazing parisian cafe without the annoyance of french people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "must visit ! even if only for the biscuits and jam . i had the quiche this morning and it was excellent . very cool space . i ca n't wait to be able to sit on the patio in the warmer weather . 5 stars for all 3 places !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great coffee , even better food ! menu is a little pricey but worth it . atmosphere is pretty hip but still feels `` homey '' . barista 's are very welcoming and definitely deliver a great product .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's hard to take `` diner '' seriously when it 's $ 10+ for any egg breakfast you order . the food is fine enough , but it 's too painful to pay that kind of money for eggs !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'd go back again . some easy opportunities to improve though . friendly thoughtful staff . atmosphere is bright and relaxing . very clean . donuts are cake variety and just ok. hashbrowns were plentiful , tasty and right balance of crunchy and tender . egg sandwich was yummy -- especially liked the seeded bun . iced coffee was ok -- not the best and not the worst . did n't care for my black iced tea -- tasted sort of burnt but may have been just my opinion . music was innocuous but could be more inventive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the biscuit & jam is delicious . and a-ok gets their coffee right . the environment is sunny and fun . the menu is small , but for a reason ... they choose to make a few items , and make them very well . my brunch-mate got the breakfast sandwich and i had serious food envy . glad to have this place in the neighborhood !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the kalita wave , which was brewed very well . the atmosphere was also very chill , and there was tons of seating and good table space . i also had their house burger and was pleasantly surprised how juicy it was . the fries were just okay , though . overall , both my experiences were good , and i 'll be sure to visit again soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a really cute space that kept the vault door in tact from its prior life . open for all meals , breakfast , lunch , dinner , and 4th meal ( late night burgers ) . diverse seating options : diner style bar stools , booth tables , less lit inside seating , and of course the outside patio in back ! amazing coffee - i recommend the almond milk latte . the vanilla swirly bakery thing is amazing , not crazy sugary . kombucha and beer on tap , too ! ! the space also houses 2 other full service restaurants - one could get nourished the entire day there ( it 's good karma to take care of your hard-working servers : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good coffee from a local roastery , kin kin coffee and great location . like the atmosphere in the shop and the shared courtyard space . they also have some great beers on tap !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent corned beef hash . tip saying to park across the street is not great , as this is actually parking for another business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i chose this company because of his ratings on yelp and i appreciated his responses and overall presence on this site . i 'm glad i did . i was able to make a quick appointment for an estimate , the gentleman was on time and provided a diagnosis and estimate . they work quick and they do things the right way . i will definitely refer clients to them in the future with confidence .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came home disposal leaking all over my kitchen cabinet . i found steve d on yelp las vegas . he came the same day , super fast , did a great job installing new disposal . thank you steven d !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a problem with the water heater at my parent 's condo , the pilot would not light and could not figure out the problem . we called steven to check out the water heater and he was here within 4-5 hours of calling him . figured out the problem and he had to get a new small unit for our water heater and thermocouple ( i think that 's what it was ) . told us he might be able come back same time the next day ( 8ish pm ) and he ended up getting here earlier ( 230pm ) ! less than 24 hours and now our water heater is back up and running ! steven is an awesome guy , glad we found him . definitely would recommend to friends family or anyone looking !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "steven , owner of plumbing kings , has done several jobs for me all to the highest degree of professionalism and workmanship . a new water heater with many extras was installed at my house today . it 's very difficult these days and in this city to find vendors that can be relied upon to do quality work , efficiently , timely , and can be trusted . thanks , plumbing kings , for another great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i talked to steven this morning concerning a suspected water heater problem . our discussion determined that my 8 year old water heater needed to be replaced . i contacted him 3 hours later to schedule the replacement and he was at my house within 1 1 2 hours with a new water heater . he and his assistant had the installation completed in a little over 2 hours . all installation materials and the old water heater was removed . nice clean job ! i strongly recommend plumbing kings and will use them again in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phenomenal service ! steve called back when he said he would call back and showed up to my house when he said he would show . he and his apprentice did a great job repairing my kitchen sink leak and refrigerator hose leak . he also replaced my kitchen faucet . he is very informative as i especially appreciated all his helpful do-it yourself tips .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our showers would not give us hot water . i called steve . he came to evaluate the issue after hours as he was on another call . it was a friday call and my kids were coming for the weekend . he explained thoroughly why this had happened . without hesitation i hired him , he called me later in the evening and said he could come the next day to fix the problem aif this was convenient for us and to save some money would work on other possibilities . the possibilities worked ! save us some money and issues are resolved . thank you steven !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was packing for my trip when i noticed my water heater had leaked all over my garage floor . i called a few places including the place i had put in this water heater 2 years ago and most could n't come out last min . these guys saved me from having to cancel my trip and was at my place in 30 mins and was done within 2 hrs . i had a brand new water heater and instructions on how to maintain it so i wo n't have to replace it again 2 years from now . could n't be happier with their work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "steve is very honest and his prices are competitive . he tried to talk me through how to fix my sink pipe to save me money but i could n't figure it out so he came out right away . he also fixed our water heater that was installed improperly by the home warranty company ( the improper install even passed inspection ) . i would n't trust plumping services to anyone else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after 2 days of trying to unclog my kitchen sink with chemicals and snaking it myself with no results . my last hope was calling for a plumber . steven was the only one that actually reply back to me on yelp , others just told me to call and make a appointment . he said he will come out and check it out with no charge , i had dishes pile up and had to get this drain clear.he is very professional , showed up on time and even took off his shoes when entering the house and laid cardboard on the floor so the floor does n't get dirty . he tried snaking the sink but the piping was not install right so he had to snake it from the vent on the roof . he charged by the job and not by the hour , he went above and beyond . excellent service and will recommend to friends and family 's . thanks again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to get straight to the point , pk did the job well and did it at a reasonable price . i initially talked to steve first about the problem and he was very professional and quoted me the lowest price of all the places i checked . brett and tyler were the guys who came out . again , very professional , timely , made sure they cleaned up after themselves , and provided tips advice about diy jobs . thanks guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "steave did very good job with my water heater . professional grade service . thx steave", "score": "5"}
{"review": "steven came on a sunday for an emergency water leak and was so fairly priced and did great job and was such a nice guy ! ! nice to know there are still good companies out there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company is great ! on-time service , excellent equipment , outstanding service techs ! i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally found a good plumber in vegas . they delivered quality work at a competitive price , and i feel that my satisfaction was very important to", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called plumbing kings this morning to see if we could have someone come out and fix our kitchen sink which was leaking . tyler and jordan arrived at 12pm within the 11 to 2pm window . they were very knowledgeable and efficient in their work and provided us with wonderful customer service which is a dying art these days . knocked it out in under an hour and we now have a working sink again . thank you so much for providing us with reliable and efficient service . we have our go to guys for our plumbing needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a problem with our toilet after our 3 year old girl decided to flash her plastic boat in it , i called plumbing kings and they were here an hour after . it was a little more complicated to get the toy out that we thought , but steve and his partner did an amazing job and now we can enjoy our bathroom again lol thank you steve for a helping us fixing our toilet . hopefully it will not happen again but in case we need a good plumber i definitely know who to call !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "plumbing kings is awesome ! ! from my first inquiry , steve was very knowledgeable and polite . the service was quick and brett was able to diagnose to problem quickly , had the needed parts on his truck and he was able to show me a variety of options available to me . he also checked to make sure i had the best equipment for my toilet tank ! ! thanks so much to brett and steve . they 're a winning , trustworthy combination !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called plumbing kings early on a sunday morning desperate to find a plumber who had the specialty tools and fittings needed to join some pipes together for my water service line . steven answered and allowed me to explain my problem then offered help me out at no charge ! who does that anymore ! no less on a weekend . i was very grateful to steven for his help in my time of need . i would highly recommend plumbing kings to anyone who appreciate honesty and integrity when it comes to their plumbing needs . thanks steven !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a problem with our sink faucet coming loose . steve called us back the same day to set up an appointment . he showed up on time and finished the work quickly . he was friendly , efficient , and did not leave a mess . thank you steve . we will definitely use your service again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "expensive and inaccurate . had an outdoor shower that had two handles , but always ran cold . troubleshooting provided was the hot water cartridge must of gone out . replaced the cartridge ( and apparently had to also replace the cold cartridge too at the same time ) and nothing changed - still cold water . had a second plumber come out and he immediately knew that the outdoor shower was only plumbed to cold and a whole new water line would need to be run . so spent a few hundred for nothing there . also had low flow issues with the toilets . cost me a few hundred more to just have them raise the fill valve level up to max . the plumbers were nice , professional , nice vans . just expensive and spending five hundred for nothing rubs ya .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i highly recommend plumbing kings ! they responded promptly to my plumbing issue . steve and his partner were very thorough and professional . i would call them again for any plumbing issues in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brett and his partner arrived early and finished the job easily . he recommended other services and gave us different options . i highly recommend plumbing kings !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after getting 4 other referrals , this was the only plumbing company in the las vegas area who answered my initial call promptly & put us on the schedule just as quick ( next day ) . they had a cancellation and called me the morning of appt to see if we could accommodate technician sooner . woohoo ! tyler showed up soon after and was friendly and knew exactly what to do to fix our kitchen sink . he even shared advice for our outdated softener when we asked him to take a look at it . very pleased with the service and professionalism of this company . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i searched both yelp and bbb for the best , most reliable plumber that would n't overcharge me or upsell me . i was glad i did . brett came to my house to fix my shower . he thoroughly explained the problem and how to prevent it from happening again . i had some small issues with my toilets and he quickly solved those as well . like all of us , i hope to never have to use a plumber again , but if i do , i 'll call these guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "water faucet valve broke late thursday causing water in entire house to be shut off . having elderly adults in the house with medical conditions and small children having water off for 3 to 4 days is not an option . called steven at plumbing kings and he was here in less than an hour and done shortly after . very professional and will definitely call next time i have a plumbing issue .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very rarely do you meet people who do what they say they will , steve is one of them . the most professional and courteous service i 've had with any contractor . grateful is the best word to describe it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "plumbing kings did a wonderful job on my toilet they are very professional courteous and get the job done right away when you call they make every effort to get there right on time and finish the job like experts i would recommend them very highly call the number stephen will be very happy to help you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "steven came to see us at our home at 5 o'clock p.m. on a saturday evening after a flood under our stairway . he was the fourth plumber we called after a series of extremely high cost diagnoses . we felt that the prior plumbing companies were incorrectly diagnosing our problem . without explaining this to steven , he came out to check what might be the cause . looking at the results of the leak and with a little analysis he was able to come to a much more reasonable conclusion and repairs ranging from $ 2,500 to $ 6,500 quickly moved down to under $ 100 . he was thorough and ethical and we will continue to do business with this company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast and professional ! steven , the owner , was able to schedule a water heater replacement for me within an hour of me calling . he 's a real stand-up guy . i enjoyed the conversation while he was working . he started plumbing kings 11 months ago , and the business is doing very well ( and i can definitely see why ! ) . ca n't say enough good things .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing service ! the owner is not only friendly but very knowledgeable and carries a nice variety of replacement parts . we highly recommend plumbing kings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had steven , from plumbing kings , install a new kitchen sink , garbage disposal , water softener , and whole house water filtration system . steven did a great job and everything was reasonably priced . we are very happy with the work that was done and we will use steven and plumbing kings for any future plumbing needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live in a building with about 4-5 units.. my unit is ground level.. woke up this morning with overflowing toilets and bath tubs . called a few plumbing companies , but all were busy and unable to provide assistance . called plumbing kings per yelp recommendations , was given a few simple instructions and we were saved . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "steven answered my call and was at my house within an hour . he was able to fix my water pressure issue quickly and for a fair price . thank you so much steven for your kindness and professionalism !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they were not only courteous and friendly , but also provided an exceptional service ! to schedule an appointment was no hassle at all ! they came out on time to check on my warm water issue , and it turned out that it was my water supplier and not mine , so they did n't charge me anything . plumbing kings have my highest recommendation !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently purchased a home within the past few months and as such , i 've been busy getting things up to snuff and `` move in '' ready . this has meant dealing with many different contractors , plumbing kings being one of them . from start to finish , steven from plumbing kings was a pleasure to deal with . easy to get ahold of and quick to respond , steven was available when the `` competition '' was out on holiday . steven showed up to the property on time as scheduled and went straight to work . not only did steven and his partner fix my plumbing issue , they took the time to educate me on a lot of other plumbing needs as well ( i learned more about plumbing than i ever thought i would ) . you can tell steven really enjoys his work and taking care of his customers ; because of this , plumbing kings has earned a lifelong customer in me . i know that whenever i have any plumbing issues , i will not hesitate to turn to the plumbing kings ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow i was surprised at how fast they were able to come to my house and fix a leak i had coming from my main valve . they were quick , courteous and efficient . i noticed after that the water pressure is lower and i called and once again they were super polite and quickly came out to fix it . great customer service and i liked that i was shown the price list of their services so i did n't just get a random price thrown at me . i highly recommend plumbing kings ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called plumbing kings and they answered & responded immediately we so appreciated this ! wow , in this town that 's unheard of ! tyler who was sent out to help us was fantastic -he was on time professional & plan old good ! will call plumbing kings in the future and i highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "steve at plumbing kings fixed a really bad situation i had gotten a bogus quote from sunny plumber ( see review 12 30 16 ) he came in and fixed my faucets for $ 173 and had parts on truck to fix them compared to $ 700 for parts alone $ 865 w labor this is a very honest and knowledgeable company who was just as shocked as i was at sunny plumbers dishonest quote i highly recommend steve and plumbing kings stay away from sunny plumbing they are a total rip off", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you just do n't find service like this anymore . the guys were professional and early ... ... yes they came early and finished the work on time . i will never call another plumber in vegas . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just received a plumbing service from steven and his business company . he is truly a professional and provided an outstanding service . he was thorough and explained everything i needed to know . best of all he completed the job at a reasonable cost . would definitely recommend his services ! thanks steven !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service from stephen and his team ! they were professional , friendly and knowledgeable about the issues i was having with my garbage disposal and bathroom .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brett was great . he came out and solved my issues . issues that i foolishly created . he was quick , efficient , and had a great personality . he was there to help and he did so very well . much respect and appreciation for brett and the plumbing kings . next time i try and fix my own plumbing issues , if i screw it up again , i 'm definitely calling these guys . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as part of a bathroom remodel , i had bought a hansgrohe shower system ( valve , trim , diverter , shower head , and hand-shower ) with which 4 other plumbers had either refused to touch because they were unfamiliar with the brand setup , or overcharged by more than the hardware was even worth . but plumbing kings came through , and had everything installed in half of a day , and for a very reasonable price . highly recommended , and will continue using them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "late tuesday afternoon , water started pouring out of the bottom of the garbage disposal . i called several companies and the only one who said they could come today was plumbing kings . about an hour later brent arrived to change the disposal . having just purchased the home , brent also did a once over on the rest of the house for me . he showed me how to flush the water heater and made a recommendation on how often to do it , he also wanted to check the anode rod inside the water heater . it turns out the rod was never changed so he took care of that for me as well . before he finished up he also reset and refilled my water softener and showed me how to use that . i will make sure i always use them in the future", "score": "5"}
{"review": "same day service for our sink . we do n't know what 's wrong but we had the answer the same day and repaired that same day . thank you plumbing kings for the service . they also came back within 10 days when the sink is having trouble again with no charge . i think they offer 30 day warranty of their repair but just check with them . just make sure u guys have a budget coz sink repair is always pricey ... great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a water leak coming from my child 's bathroom into the garage ceiling . when contacting steve to set up an appointment he was very informational and provided me with the most common occurrence for my issue . based on that conversation alone i came upstairs and was able to see the potential issue . steve came out the next day and formally determined the cause of the leak which was the bathtub overflow , and his initial speculation . getting access to repair the issue was another story as well as finding the right part . in the end , steve and his counterpart were able to resolve the issue and provided me with additional information at a reasonable price . i will definitely use plumbing king for my future plumbing issues !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are awesome ! the service was quick and professional , steven was so friendly ! we had execs coming in and we needed to get our 2 fridges set up and running asap in our new office space . the place where i bought the fridge was n't going to be able to help us for 3 days out . they were in our office the next day and even came back the following day . their awesome looking company cars were a plus . i know who i 'll be calling anytime something goes wrong . thanks again for your help and service , steven !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called with a minor emergency and steven was able to get someone here within 30 minutes . his agent brett arrived and was very professional and helpful . he was able to fix the issue and also give other tips for maintenance around the house . brett even took the time to come back after there was a question about the proper connection of our new washer . steven also answered another unrelated call to give advice on another matter . i ca n't attest to pricing because i do n't have any basis for comparing , as i did n't call around . but it 's reassuring to know there is a good plumbing service nearby with someone that seems genuine about their service to the community . that always goes a long way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick and easy . came within an hour and fixed a clog immediately . would definitely use again and recommend to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new to yelp and can already see i 'm gon na like this site . so many reviews to good plumbers , realtors , and restaurants . i called plumbing kings to fix my water line that feeds my house from the sidewalk . turns out it 's white plastic ( no wonder why it broke ) . steven d was able to dig it up and fix it all today . good to have water again ! the price was more than reasonable for what he had to do . i will be using him again for sure . thank you so much for your prompt and courteous service . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called on a sunday for garbage disposal replacement , and received prompt , courteous , and professional service without any hassle or price hikes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "steve from plumbing kings , very professional , on time and very knowledgeable . the quality of his workmanship was excellent , he is highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "steve from plumbing king was great , he gave me a fair quote on repairing my toilet drain which another company said it would cost so much more cause they had to chisel out all the concrete around it and replace all the pvc piping , steve paitiently chiseled out all the old pvc pipe that was glued onto the existing pipe which cost me so much less and set everything up for the new toilet to go in , two weeks later after i did some tile work and bought a new toilet i called him to get it installed he was there immediately to install it as he knew we had lived with one toilet for long enough , i would recommend him to anyone and give him a five star rating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having low expectations about this place , it actually allowed this place to exceed expectations . staying at lvh , we got complementary coupons to try the buffet . knowing we were going to pay for a big dinner , we wanted to grab a small snack beforehand . sure , a buffet is n't quite a snack , but i was n't expecting to eat much , and since it was complementary , the whole `` eating what i paid for '' concept that usually happens at most buffets did n't apply here . but the food was actually quite tasty . they 're currently having their festival italiano . i tried a few items . a couple of their pasta dishes , some meat from their freshly sliced section . they even have a made to order pasta station if you want to be so bold as to create your own pasta dish . i was a little bummed we could n't have any of the complementary beer and wine . apparently that is only for the weekends . overall , a pretty decent buffet if you 're staying at the lvh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "some of the worse food i 've ever eaten . anyone who says they love this food must be accustomed to eating garbage . i 'm sorry but it sucks . the mashed potatoes taste like instant potatoes out of a box . the desserts taste like they 've been in the freezer . the roast beef was dry and chewy . everything tastes the same , flavorless . no way is this worth $ 25 . spend your money elsewhere . it does not taste fresh . standard cafeteria food at nice restaurant prices .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as hotel buffets go , this one is plenty good . for the money ( $ 12.95 , when i went ) , it 's extremely good food . i particularly enjoyed the bacon and the french toast . there 's a fairly good selection of fruit . there was moldy swiss cheese , about which i advised our waiter . he seemed genuinely surprised and concerned so i would n't concern myself too much with their food prep habits . the grits were less than pleasing , but that 's to be expected as i 'm from the south and this place is n't in it ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is not one of those fancy buffets in vegas but food is average and proportional to what you pay . we actually got lucky and found a coupon in our room for a buy one , get one free buffet so my husband and i decided to give it a shot . went on a sunday for their brunch . both of us ate for $ 25 and could n't complain .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very average . but was free so did n't care . would not pay for this , tough . small selection and low quality . was filling but with so many options in the city ... will probably only go if starving and free . not horrible but just not really special . although , new owners might change that . have n't been there since the change .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it was ok. was too hungry to wait at the bellagio 1 hour buffet line so came over to aria and had no wait . they served lobster which was cold by the time we got it and the food was just ok . some hit and misses . shrimp dessert some chinese food were delicious . other things were just ok or bad like the overcooked fish . i expected better from a $ 40 buffet and explains why the place had no wait and plenty of openings during dinner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here for breakfast and they had food that you could eat for lunch as well . the service was great and their array of asian food was delicious as well . i will definitely be back here . i used my vegasslots points and got a buy one get one free . so it ended up to be about 12 dollars for 2 people which was the best part .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "eeeeeeewwwwwww gross city ..as ma dukes would say. ! food is absolute garbage ... yet everytime i still go again n again ... ..most likely just because i was being lazy and our v.i.p . card lets u walk to the front and get right in.. so free n quick plus the free beer n wine are another plus ... ... not the vegas buffet expierience you are expecting ... if u wan na clear out your pipes go ahead and give it a shot ... ... . may the poo be with you", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here for breakfast and it was good . i think most of the reviews are for dinner and that 's not the case with our experience here for breakfast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very small buffet selection at big casino buffet prices would be way better off going to golden corral for 1 2 the price and twice the selection .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first , the name fresh should be taken off ! ! ! horrible buffet food . the rice was not fresh . the room ribs and the fried chicken was so dry . good must have been sitting in the warming containers since the morning . the only food eatable was the cold shrimp . stay away from this place . coming from someone who comes to vegas 3 times a year , i know what i 'm talking about .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i went here for brunch today . it was 19.99 per person plus champagne ( unlimited ) . we had a free voucher which is why we checked it out . i ate a little bit of everything - bacon , sausage , ribs , steak , salad , fruit , buscuits and gravy , ice cream - you get the idea . the food , like at many buffets , was not the best but it was n't awful . i wanted something from the carving station but they only had one person working behind the counter who was making omelets and was not paying attention to the carving line which was growing . they have waiters that get your drinks for you who were very attentive and friendly . i think if champagne was n't included , the price would have been too much and not worth it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the only reason i went to the hilton buffet ( dinner ) was because my uncles invited me and were paying ... with that said , i got what i paid for . the food selection is mediocre . i definitely was able to get anything worth eating in one round . the prime rib was super rare , and the chef did not give me an option of having something a little more cooked . everything on my plate was splashed with blood . ugh . gross . i will give them mad props for their sausage though - that ish was bomb . our server was quick , but inefficient . i asked for water at least 3 times and he missed my initial drink order for my friend ... even though he repeated it to me . -__- overall , it 's okay . apparently , locals get dinner for $ 8 , so in that sense , it 's worth it , but i would n't pay the regular price for it ... not at all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it helps to be the first one in the buffet line and grab all the food before other people mess it up . they 've got a great variety ; everything from italian , mediterranean , etc . they 've got chefs ready to cook you a custom pasta dish . juan cooked me delicious salmon pasta with marinera and alfredo sauce .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a winos paradise . unlimited wines in three varieties ? chablis , blush or burgundy ? unlimited beer ? a pasta station with a dude who made me camarones a la diabla ? a salad bar with fresh homemade salads and everything a pescaterian like myself could desire ! the weakest spot is the desserts , the froyo is sub par and the pastries are dry but your so full from everything else who cares . if your on the north end of the strip looking for one of the few unlimited alcohol buffets look no further !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is honestly not worth the $ 25 comp . i 've eaten here a few times and at most of the buffets in town . the selection is very limited : pasta station carving station italian and chinese sections salad bar and desserts . all are of mediocre quality at best with the pasta station being the best part of this place since it 's made fresh . absolutely do not pay to eat here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a smaller buffet setting . sometimes they have local $ 6.99 specials which maybe worth the wait in a long @ $ $ line . everyone and their baby daddy 's cousin is in line . the taste and quality of the food is a bit disappointing . definately not worth paying regular price . go elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "small souvenir shop above the feeling good gym ! great selection of canadian and toronto souvenirs . i was able to successfully buy gifts for all my family and friends on my souvenir list ! peggy helped us and she was super friendly and made great suggestions ! she 's great sales person . it 's a bit hidden , but worth the trip ! everything is priced reasonably . i wish i had found this place sooner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great shopping experience . that is a nice souvenir shop with great canadian souvenirs . the store looks small at first but they got a lot of useful items . i could find souvenirs for all my friends and family that i 'm visiting soon . staff was friendly and helpful . 5 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the souvenir shop is cozy but it has everything that i needed ... .the prices are the cheepest i could find around toronto with great staff and exceptional quality ... some items were discounted as well and edibles were tax-free ... my number one go-to souvenir shop ... .i always reccomend it to friends and family ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a very nice souvenir shop , in the atrium from the union station to up . i could n't believe that i found the dream catchers made in canada , perfect for my friend who recently complained to me that she had nightmares recently . the souvenirs are very affordable . i also bought a cute bag made in canada . highly recommend it to people who want to stop by for cute and reasonably priced souvenirs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the absolute worst company . do not use them ! ! ! ! ! ! they have poor office staff , poor workers that come do your roof and the workmanship is extremely bad . they never answer phone calls timely and they hound you for payment when they have n't even finished the work . they over bill the insurance company and the only reason they finished our roof is because the insurance company wanted to inspect their work . stay away from this company ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have really been happy with the service i received with century roofing . heck , the guy that came out to look at the house was the nicest guy i 've ever met ! if i recall right , he was a florida gators fan ... anyway , he tells me that i do n't even need to get the roof repaired , that i might just have a problem with pigeons nesting on the roof , causing water to build up in the valley of the drain and moisture to build up ... he cleaned it out and said to call back after a few months if there was a problem ... but he did n't think there would be . heck , the honesty and integrity was great . they earned my business in the future and my referrals !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used century to replace my roof in 2007 . i thought they did a good job & recommended them . that has changed . i 've been trying to get them to repair a roof leak since early december ! ! ... the technician was creepy , there was no follow-up and after calling them repeatedly and getting promises to take care of the leak ... i was still waiting in march . i finally hired someone else to do the job . it was done at a fraction of the cost century quoted me and i discovered that repairs done in the past by century were shoddy . i would not recommend this company . i gave them months to sort things out for me , and despite speaking with several people there , they continuously dropped the ball .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they did a nice job on my roof . showed up early on thursday morning , finished noon on friday , and cleaned up their mess . would use them again any time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great customer service , a fair price , and quality workmanship . i am very happy with my overall experience , and would not hesitate to recommend steve and the staff at century roofing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they did my original roof . i would have done a better job myself . they piled broken tiles and lunch trash under the `` hump '' of the mission tiles . it was utterly disgusting . many tiles were not secured in any manner and just slid down the roof , and continue to do so . they should not be in business . steve did this himself .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "steve has come to my mom 's house twice ( different goals ) both times he 's been responsive , professional and fairly priced . thank you century roofing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called several times and tried to get an estimate and half the time their estimator ( ken ) did not show up or call . i called the owner ( steve ) to set up an appointment and he basically called me a liar , saying he did not know who the prior estimator was and he would have been the only person whom would have shown for an estimate . he was extremely rude and hung up the phone . i highly recommend staying clear of this roofing company as the son that has taken over business ( steve ) ... .has no business sense . try ky-ko roofing , they are very polite..very organized and are great to do business with .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have used century on my own roof , my son 's roof and i have recommended them several times . they do good job , they are knowledgable and fair priced . one thing i noticed is that they seem to disinterested in minor repairs . there are plenty of `` one man '' roofers that want the small jobs . but , if you want your roof replaced , they do a good job .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "today is my 3rd time visiting the in store restaurant . the food is ok , but today i was disappointed at my 2 3 full container of 6.00 chicken pot pie soup . i want to love this place especially as a lunch choice but it just is n't stacking up when i have other very similar options with faster service and better value .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "saturday mid morning breakfast , the line wait was interminable . two registers were open but one was for the buffet only which no one wanted because the was no food left . we were told that someone might fill it soon . i finally got my order placed and went upstairs with coffee . two cups later ( that i had to return to the main floor to get ) , the food finally arrives . very meh . the area is also very noisy . on the plus side , coffee was delicious and staff were all friendly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had the breakfast buffet here with some girl friends . it 's about $ 11 with tax . i liked it just fine and i will definitely be back for breakfast and maybe try having lunch here sometime . the sausage patties have a good spicy kick to them and the fresh fruit goes fast . the biscuits are really lovely with their butter that they churn in house and the strawberry jam .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really want to like this place . i love getting groceries at harvest market , and the food at farmhouse has been amazing every time.. however , the service can be hit-or-miss , and i find the hybrid cafeteria server style very confusing . when i 've eaten in , it was unclear to me whether or not i was supposed to get my own beverage , as i was n't given a cup . i then had to ask the server who brought my food to bring me a drink , creating an extra trip . finally , once i was done , i had no idea if i was supposed to clear my own dishes . i try to be courteous when dining , so i felt anxious about not knowing the correct protocol . farmhouse , i like you a lot , but your processes are unclear and confusing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been visiting fernando to cut my hair for the past few years . i 'm proud of him as he just opened his own shop here with sloane rangers ! i have never met another barber who was more passionate about what he does . he has an unmatched level of detail mixed with a class and elegance that has you feeling you just walked out of a 5 star butler service hotel every-time you come in . he 's been in the business for decades and knows how to read my mind on what i am looking for as my descriptions i give him are never the best ! he makes you feel special , is always positive and friendly and has amazing stories to share from his life . i always look forward to my visit coming in everytime .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fernando has been cutting my hair for the part 2 years and he does an excellent job . he treats you like one his close friends and always has a smile on his face . could n't recommend this place enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fernando does an excellent job cutting hair - there really is n't anything else to say . the price of a conventional cut is competitive and he does a far better job than anyone else that has ever given me a cut . i would highly recommend sloan rangers to men in the path that are looking for a change .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! i found this place because my hair dresser that was working at taylor & colt in rbc plaza left and took over as the new owner as of may 1 , 2015 , now called sloan ranger . fernando , the new owner and hair dresser , has to be the best hair dresser i 've ever had . he has such a passion for cutting hair , and i 've never seen someone love cutting hair as much as him ! the precision of his skills and his knowledge of style is impeccable . i wish him all the best in the new saloon and will be a loyal customer for the years to come ! ps . did i mention that he cuts john tory 's hair ? definitely looks sharp when you see him on tv !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best barber in downtown toronto ! always a nice atmosphere with the friendly staff and relaxing music , fernando is the man !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in toronto for the weekend and i was going to be attending a conference on saturday night . i had been on the road for 2 weeks so i had n't had the chance to see my barber back home . i decided to stop by this place since it was close to my hotel and to get my haircut over with . this was probably one of the best decisions i made that weekend ! fernando cut my hair and he did so with care . not only that , but he completely understood what type of haircut i wanted and he showed me some new tips for styling my hair . it was well worth the $ and time . if i 'm ever back in toronto i 'll be stopping back here again for another hair cut . you go fernando !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been getting my hair cut from lucy for years , before fernando took over this spot - i 'm so glad she stayed on . lucy has a great no-nonsense approach and gets you in and out fast , not to mention the price is great considering the location . the physical improvements to the space since it came under new ownership have been appreciated .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fernando is very professional and reasonable pricing for downtown . i 've been seeing him since he took over this shop a year ago .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing place and very good customer service . the place is pretty modern and fernando is an amazing professional . the price is fair for what you receive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fernando cut my hair years ago when he was working as a barber at a different spot . his exceptional customer service and professionalism is what kept me coming back . when he moved to sloane rangers i had to follow . he consistently helps me update my hair style so i do n't look terribly outdated . in all the years he has never let me down . i recommend his salon to all my friends . and lucy is also fantastic thanks sloane rangers , keep it up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "two words- awe some . hotel was spotless . offers breakfast and drinks . staff is professional and friendly . did i have to carry my own bags ? nope . my room was wonderful . fridge , microwave , two sinks , clean and huge bathroom , little goodies like free cookies , and all the other amenities . bed was awesome= i did not remember falling to sleep . no overwhelming air freshener smells , most likely because the carpet , furniture and room were actually clean . excellent wi fi , free wi-fi , close to the throughways to the strip , airport or freeways . this will be my spot from now on vegas !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "clean . affordable . close enough to the strip w o the drama of being on the strip . clean rooms , nice staff . no resort fees and free internet . tons of restaurants in walking distance . we 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm of mixed opinions about baymont inn and suites in this case - yes it represents a good deal to those who do have a car , but options are limited nearby and housekeeping needs some serious work . admittedly a fan of the 24 7 gym , the elliptical was broken during my stay and the treadmill belt occasionally slips - all this for a $ 9.99 amenities fee added on at the end of the trip . sure it is cheaper than on-strip options , but aside from the basics you also 'get what you pay for . '", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this hotel used to be a holiday inn so they still have some stuff with that name on it . i had a great stay , very comfortable for a weekend stay . room was very clean and better than some of the older hotels on the strip . my favorite part about this hotel was their shuttle service that was included in their resort fee . it does take a while to wait for the shuttle so plan with enough time to make it to your destination . there was no tub , stand in shower only which was fine with me . another plus for this hotel ... . its all smoke free ! ! ! oh bucca dipeppo is in walking distance if you get really hungry and they also have a bar and cafe in the hotel , their happy hour includes 2 for 1 drinks for guest . over all i give it 3 stars due to the wait for the shuttle otherwise i 'd really give it a 4 : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing hotel . i rolled in expecting your typical nasty vegas crash pad and was shocked to discover the sparkling clean white walls . yes , it had white walls and was still clean . that 's an achievement in my book . the staff was freakin ' awesome including the cab driver who is included in the amenities fee which takes you to and from the strip in a classy , blacked out subaru . my room was equally as lovely and let me tell you that is saying a lot as i consider myself an official hotel snob . i went to the strip and returned to my hotel and slept like a bug in a rug . i felt totally safe which was comforting to my dear mother at home who was freaking about me spending the night in vegas all on my lonesome . the key phrase here is : bang for your buck", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place has some big positives and some decently big negatives . pluses : -cheap , and still close enough to the strip to walk -pretty clean -restaurant serves a decent breakfast -free shuttle minuses : -the shuttle had arguably the worst timing communication possible ( when we flew in , we got in to terminal 3 ... and it took us about an hour to figure it out with the driver , who just told us to go to `` level 0 '' , that he wanted us at terminal 1 . every time we tried to reach the driver , we 'd have to go through front desk , so it was just annoying ! ) -the rooms are confusing in terms of setup - the light switches were sometimes just hidden ! -one of our lamps was broken -yes , there is now a $ 7.99 resort fee", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great hotel ! it is immaculate , the staff is friendly and helpful , the shuttle driver could n't have been more accomodating . it is not a gambling hotel , so it is quiet . the bedding and pillows were very comfortable , and we ate at a great and inexpensive tapas place nearby that the staff recommended . the blackstone used to be a holiday inn , but it is privately owned now , and pride of ownership shows in how the staff is managed and the maintenence . i did not have a great view from my window , but i really did n't care all that much . the only thing i would ask them to change is to offer decaf in the coffee shop at breakfast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for the price , this hotel is well worth it . the interior looks fairly new , clean , modern , well lit and has everything you might need in terms of amenities . there 's a rather full stocked breakfast bar -- as far as continental breakfasts are concerned -- and parking is free . sure there are much more luxurious hotels not too far away but for the money , baymont has an excellent value . i would stay here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very disappointment . first when we get to the hotels check in was hell . employee was very rude i understand it friday night saturday morning but there is no need to be rude . second i was told there was a shuttle to the strip but it was `` no longer there '' . for a hotel off the las vegas strip i thought they would n't discontinue something like . third out bathroom was the nastiest bathroom i have seen . the bath tub was so nasty . i would never recommend this hotel to any of my friend", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for just a place to sleep for a great deal off the strip , i recommend this hotel . this was formerly a holiday inn , but i guess it was bought over . the hotel is clean . the room is spacious and comfortable . staff is friendly and accommodating . there 's also underground parking . but be aware that there is a resort fee that pays for the gym , parking , and wifi . there is a complimentary breakfast included .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stayed here about 6 months ago , and the hotel was fine . however on this trip it was a different story . from the rude clerk at the front desk it went downhill . only one elevator was working , my room was n't cleaned . the bathroom was filthy , the towels were thread bare and frayed , a couple even had holes . the tv reception faded in and out . i called ms rude at the front desk and was told the reception was n't the hotel 's problem . the ice machines were n't working , and that was not their problem either . guess the hotel has no problems ! i did find out the root of the problem . the hotel has hired a new manager . that explains most of the problems . time to hire a new manager and restore the hotel to how it was 6 months ago..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was thankful for the clean rooms and semi comfy beds . i 'm really picky about beds , so i 'm glad i got to sleep . had a groupon and will definately be back ! i really liked the service , the food , and the shuttle . pool is small but at least they have one . what 's great about this hotel is that it 's walking distance to some great restaurants i.e . roy 's and red lobster which was two of our choices when we stayed there . oh and the bathrooms had a great ventilation system haha ... someone farted and we did n't smell it as much as we thought we would . oh vegas , how we 're gon na miss thee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i must say i was a bit skeptical on booking this hotel since it was a deal on livingsocial , but i am so satisfied its unreal , the entrance was very modern and the customer service was superb ! rooms were clean and extremely upgraded . we had a wonderful view of the strip from the 5th floor and our deal came with free breakfast saturday and sunday ! now if you are expecting some huge breakfast think twice you get a moderate amount and french toast is an extra charge but all in all a great deal ! so close to the strip . the only things that i was not happy about was our room window was directly across from the emergency station of some sort so sirens all f night you know some jerk every 10 seconds was doing some drunken move somewhere ... . the window just had a shade and the light would come in from the side right in my face . but other than that totally worth the money ! i will definitely go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "warning ! do not book ! i called the hotel directly in january 2014 to book a room for march 2014 . they messed up my reservation and made it for january . i was charged a night stay ! when i called the manager magel to let them be aware of their error , he was unwilling to help ! he mentioned i would need to dispute my credit card bill ! to make things even better , on the reservation for march 2014 they had down the wrong nights ! i was charged again ! i will never book this hotel ! poor manager ! so you have been warned if you book this hotel , there is poor customer service !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this hotel is located at the edge of a really rundown neighborhood . while our car was parked in their garage someone smashed in one of the windows and stole some items from our car . the shower in the `` handicapped '' room they assigned to us included a ramp for wheelchairs to go up but the ramp also lets the water in the shower run down all over the bathroom floor . there was only one set of towels in the room , so we had to get room service to provide us with more towels . by 7:30 am they no longer had cream cheese available for guests for breakfast ( breakfast hours are 6-9 am ) - since they provide breakfast on a daily basis , should n't they be stocked up to provide enough cream cheese to guests for the next several weeks ? there are only two washers and driers in the hotel ( out of five floors ) . we had to wait a while before a machine finally became available . we wo n't book another visit with the baymont inn and suites .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i stayed in the suite with a jacuzzi.. let me say the suite was just as big as the regular rooms . the jacuzzi was not working and had someone be in my room while we were trying to get ready . the cable tv here sucks ! there were hardly any working channels & this place is by far not anywhere close to the strip as others have said . it 's about 15-20 min away . the continental breakfast is a joke .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i stayed at the baymont inn and suites during a recent weekend visit to las vegas . the service was wonderful , the rooms were functionally pleasing with free wifi , free lobby-located web service , large screen tvs , reliable maid service , a pool , and a reasonably priced gym . the hotel is located in walking distance to shops , department stores , and drug stores . it is also located only 4 miles from the strip . i thoroughly enjoyed the accommodations and the service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am came here last minute since i was just driving through lv . i did n't want to stay on the strip , and this place was pretty great . at night , it 's really dark outside - so it looks shadddyyy , so i was weary . but inside was very brightly lit and clean . the place is all non-smoking which was another plus . i asked for two queen sized beds instead of a king ... and i got a king . i did n't bother going down the elevator to fix it because i was too tired . the rate for me was $ 79 including all the taxes and mandatory fees , which was decent since it was last minute ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was the hotel in which we stayed on our first trip to las vegas . as we dint know much about the parking situation in and around the strip we thought of opting to stay at this place which will keep us accessible to the strip . the strip is around 1 mile walk or drive from this location ... we thought it would be easy but if you are someone who hates to walk after already walking for hrs on the streets or casinos of vegas then do n't repeat the same mistake which we did ... this place was called black stone hotel previously ... the food at their restaurant was pretty good . the waitress was sweet . the rooms were worth the price we paid .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the room was clean , did n't have any issues . paid $ 79 for one night , i probably paid too much because it was july , it 's a busy season in vegas . my only complaint is that there was no mini fridge in the room to keep my drinks cold . kinda disappointing for a 3 star hotel !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to edc and i decided to get a cheap hotel since i was already paying a lot on gas and good . the place was really nice and clean . service was great . the only complaint i would have would the slow wifi . i thought i would be hummed out because we were n't on the strip , but my friends told me they got woken up at 10-11am every single day from all the pool parties and events during edc week . our hotel was nice and quiet . we did n't even hear the fire station that was across the street from us . oh yeah , we also had a shower that was the same level as our floor which got the floor pretty wet , but it was manageable . overall , everything was great and i 'll be coming again next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they were in the middle of a name change to baymont inn and suites when i stayed here . it was easy to locate even though there was no signage on the outside . parking was in an underground garage . the room was very clean . the bed was comfortable and the shower had good water pressure . this hotel is pretty new . this is the first time i 've seen it on the map or heard of the hotel . this is a nice quiet hotel just a few blocks east of the strip . stay here if you want to avoid the noise and craziness of vegas . there are very good restaurants nearby like fogo de chao or roy 's . there was a resort convenience fee of $ 7.99 plus tax . the fee included things like bottled water , breakfast , transportation to the airport , and wifi . the front desk was staffed with friendly and helpful people .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to stay near strip . affordable and guest service or front desk personal was awesome and extremely helpful . i do wish that maid room service could be a little better . however for the price you ca n't complain much . there is parking inside with at least two floors and it is very secured . you wo n't be able to get into a different floor without sliding your room card key . this place makes me feel secured and worth booking again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fuck this place ! ! weekend of edc and booked our hotels a month in advance and they said they did n't recieve lost our reservations !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rooms and beds are clean and comfortable , jules and dominicka at the front desk were also helpful . we had a situation that at first they were extremely unhelpful with , but dominicka finally got it handled . ask for a room over the pool on the 3rd or 4th floor for a better view . it 's a long walk to the strip , i would take the shuttle if you do n't have a car . the pool was closed for repairs , which was extremely disappointing as we came out early before business meetings to have a little time in the sun . trash was pulled up in the parking garage . the price was great , but i doubt if we will be back . there are nicer places that do n't charge for a slightly late check out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "while the blackstone hotel is near a not so great area , the hotel itself is well maintained . also , the provided shuttles keep you from having to wander into that area and allow you to get around with ease . i have to say , i was most impressed by the modern decor . it was fun and unexpected . while the staff seemed disheveled ( understaffed , perhaps ? ) , they were very friendly and made my stay enjoyable . will recommend to friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "comfortable beds . fairly decent room . bad ? tub clogged ran slow when you took a regular shower . told front desk twice . they said it was fixed . they lied . water came up to ankles . other than that it was okay . the breakfast is just breads , oatmeal , and cereals . juice , milk , and coffee . they tell you no beverages or food from breakfast in the room , but they have menus for delivery food and a coffee maker in each room ( contradiction much ? ) ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this spot is great had a little trouble checking in as the system went down right when we got there , the free breakfast from 6-9am made up for the lost time will be checking out all the other spots that offer free breakfast for now on now that i know they exsist", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the baymont suites and inn was a warm and welcoming place . for the price , smoke free environment , location , free shuttle service , free breakfast and moments away from the busy hustle and bustle it is a must stay . there are not enough kudos that i can give to staff . they are no longer hotel staff but part of my family . they treat you like you are the only customer and they look out for you to insure your safety . i will definitely stay with them again . we stayed there for a first time meeting of people from all across america . they made several special meals for 2 events and the food was just out of this world cooked by their own management staff mr. james sexton . if you are looking for an affordable hotel with amenities this is the place to be . please tell your friends and family that the tebfs highly recommend this establishment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saw this place and snagged a groupon special not bad.. my room was pretty clean , bathroom was clean too with good consistent hot water.. the beds seemed ok though they mashed two twin beds together to make a king downsides are there 's no mini fridge or microwave.. so do n't bring any food back.. parking is in its own structure and it 's gated.. so that means only guests can access the parking , it 's kind of confusing when first checking in staff seemed friendly enough", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't stay there.. owner is rude , personal effects were stolen from my room and management said .. go take a hike ! ! ! over $ 4300 of lost jewelry and would even take talk to me ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the baymont inn is your standard , off the strip budget hotel . we came here looking for a cheap one night stay and found this place on kayak . it 's low priced for a reason . it has all the standard amenities : clean beds , hot showers , serviceable toilet . however , the room reeked for bleach and smelled suspiciously sterile for my liking . moreover , there were some questionable stains located on our mattress as well as the furniture around it . it gets the job done and if you 're in vegas , i doubt you spend much time inside your room . only a mile off the strip and a short walk to bally 's and an even shorter walk to the off the strip casino hotel , tuscany 's . beware : not many taxi driver 's know where this hotel is located nor that it even exists .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i give it 5 stars based on value . the hotel is modern and clean . the staff was very accommodating and friendly . i think i received great value for the price i paid . i booked directly through their www.bookit.com . i paid $ 49.00 including tax with their pre-fixed breakfast ( which included 2 eggs , home fries , and bacon sausage- with coffee or tea , made to order ) . someone on yelp said it used to be a holiday inn . it 's laid out just like one with underground parking , and small bar dining area lounge . las vegas was a stop over before heading to the grand canyon , so this hotel was perfect for our purpose . it was clean , modern , inexpensive , and convenient . i 'd stay here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beware wifi broken , no more shuttle service , no more heated pool , jacuzzi broken , coke machine on 3rd floor broken , tv is so fuzzy & no channels , no more bottled water . toilet broken hadto switch rooms , second room just as bad . ripped carpet , peeling wallpaper , desk falling apart , food crumbs on chairs , dirty towels stained with yellow spots also on sheets too . shower floor filthy dirty & hairy & moldy , across the street from the hood & drainage hole where the homeless live . that 's why this cement prison hotel has this much security . this is barely a 1.5 star hotel . it should be $ 30.00 a night . service desk people wo n't try to make your stay better , even when they know your on your honeymoon . we 're going to speak with the manager tomorrow am . this stay was unacceptable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "found a deal on groupon for the blackstone , so we decided to try it out , $ 129 for 2 nights was a great deal . although you could tell they are still going through renovations , it was clean , food in the restaurant was decent and it was not far from the strip . the pool was out of service for our last day and a half there , so that would be my only complaint . but other than that , not bad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "give it a 4 because of the shuttle service no longer being provided after we had purchased with them . overall great room . very nice and exceeded our expectations . very clean and i had no complaints with the room . amazed a nice room could be so cheap . the cons would be that it is so far from the strip . you definitely should have a car if you stay here . there is a bus stop in front and the buses are nicer than other places but at night they are infrequent . they are very secure here and they make you feel safe . we showed up at about 10:30 am with the expectation of leaving the bags with the front desk but luckily a room was available and they were nice enough to let us check in early at no extra fee . i dont know how often this happens but it definitely got my trip started on a happy note .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is the biggest ripoff . every time we go in there go in there , there 's a different dentist and are always trying to sell you work . this place deserves no stars . they should fire the current dentist that is there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love perfect teeth waddell ! their team is exceptional ; kind , knowledgable , and consummate professionals . my smile is bright and beautiful , all thanks to you ! i highly recommend this office", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give no stars i would ! rip off artists ! told my brother he needed a crown and build up and that his tooth was `` disintegrating '' in his mouth . tooth has never had so much as a filling and is in perfect health ! horrible ! ! ! stay away !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went in for a fill-in & got out in minutes . did n't feel it not one bit . dr. lee is great with a good personality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always have a really nice experience at perfect teeth . i 've been taking my kids there for the past 3 years and i am perfectly satisfied every time . staff and doctor very very nice and helpful and my boys are very happy with the place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. lee and staff are top notch ! very efficient , up to date technology , and super nice ! ! malty was the best hygienist i have had..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first visit here and our experience was great ! staff is great . the dentist was very good and understanding . thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "malfy is the most awesome hygienist i have ever had work on my teeth . she is so knowledgeable , professional and an all around terrific person . i 've only been going to this office for a few years and have had 3 dentist already . it makes it hard to feel consistent . i loved dr peterkin and she is no longer there . but malfy is fabulous and if she ever let i would follow her to her next dds . that 's how good she is and i appreciate all she does to give sound advise to keep healthy teeth and gums . thank you malfy ! ! ! ellen e", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i agree with the previous review , `` if i could give no stars i would . '' the hygienist and office staff were very pleasant but no one was very helpful . the actual dentist had no chair side manor . we will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to this dentist for about 2 years , it was the first dentist i saw in years so i had a lot of work done , i spent over 4 thousand dollars and i left because every time i 'd go in there was a new dentist and it was frustrating ... i change dentist office and now not even 3 years later i have decay under all the work they did or my root canals have failed or the decay traveled from one tooth to the other under the filling , over the last year i have spent another 3 grand fixing all of the work perfect teeth did.. i leave in tears everytime thinking about perfect teeth and how the have screwed my mouth up and my wallet too . no wonder why everyone is paranoid to go to new dentists and doctors because malpractice happens everywhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my recent visit to perfect teeth was excellent , ,malfy and dr. lee and office staff were outstanding", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hamaru sushi replaces another sushi place which i never been to . so i can only based my review based on my visit of this new place during lunch . interior deco and set up is quite good with mostly booth seating so this place probably wo n't be good if you are in a big group . lunch menu starting from $ 8 has a good selection including mostly japanese and some korean food . lunch sushi a ( $ 12 ) has good fish selection and the fish was fresh . the only complaint maybe the rice was a little undercooked so a little hard and chewy . i do love the fresh fruit cup dessert complimentary at the end of the meal . service is ok . tea was refilled without being requested . not a bad choice to have lunch if you are in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times and i 've been satisfied every time ! they have a good value lunch menu starting from $ 7.95 . for sushi and sashimi sets , from $ 8.95 . their sushi and rolls are above average and quite tasty . the 4 stars is for my favourite dish from this place - the hae dup bap . it 's the korean version of chirashi don , for less ! think bibimbap with sashimi on top , with sesame oil and gochujang ( red pepper paste ) added to your taste . it 's available for $ 10.95 lunch and $ 12.95 dinner . i was quite stuffed after finishing it . i do n't have too much experience with the rest of the rolls , but i recommend hamaru for a solid sushi experience , with a korean twist .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good lunch time service but food was average out slightly above average . good miso soup though !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a great experience ! food : excellent value , fresh and high quality ; the rice was cooked perfectly i love the bowl of rice included ! staff : polite and fast service . decor : beautiful and comfortable , a nice place to chat with friends", "score": "5"}
{"review": "! finally decent sushi place in north york ! ! ! ! everything is super fresh , yummy and absolutely terrific ! you wo n't regret ! prices are reasonable and quality is great ! we always happy to order from there , thank you hamaru team for your great work ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is quite nice . my friend and i sat inside one of the booths . i ordered one of the dragon rolls and the mackerel . they have one of the best grilled ? mackerels ! it was moist and perfectly cooked . the roll was very good as well . i would definitely recommend this place . the service was very friendly and we had a good time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered the large sushi and sashimi boat with 4 friends . we all agreed that the rice was not well packed together so that nigiri was falling apart when picking up and dipping ( splashes on one of my friends dress clothes ) . assortment was nothing special , except the cucumber wrapped calamari . it was nice that we got real chopsticks instead of wooden ones and the bell to call for service is smart . green tea ice cream to finish the meal was nice but i 'm pretty sure they `` pre-scooped '' because there was this crunchy frosty layer on top . found it inconvenient that the policy is `` one table , one bill '' . would likely not come back", "score": "2"}
{"review": "as i entered this restaurant the waitress showed me to a corner seat which was ridiculously uncomfortable . on top of that there were a couple of extremely noisy customers about 2 feet from me . i was a couple seconds from just walking out honestly ... i ended up relocating to a booth near the entrance which was much more comfortable . later on i noticed others who ended up also asking to move due to seating being uncomfortable . the food itself was good . definitely above average . i liked the salmon a lot as well as the green tea ice cream at the end . torn between 3 and 4 stars . those seats were just so uncomfortable ! might have ruined my mood .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fresh sushi , great service . used to go here alot when it was sapporo sushi . still the same great food no complaints", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to this location many years prior before the name change and renovations . glad to see that the quality has stayed consistent . we came here on a rainy day and it was n't too busy . ordered a large boat ( 90pcs ) for 5 people , but it did take a while to come . however , when it did , it was quite impressive - it came in two boats ! for the price and size , i was a bit disappointed there were only 2 pieces of bbq eel and no sea urchin . there were adequate amounts of salmon and tuna .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice , cozy place with friendly staff . had a small sushi+maki platter that was fresh and nicely presented . the real wasabi was a nice bonus . also had the seafood udon , which was served piping hot . broth was light and aromatic . overall a great experience and reasonably priced dishes . would definitely go back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fresh sushi that 's just around the corner from me . this place is fairly authentic . this place is a la carte . when we got inside they greeted us in japanese and we were seated right away in one of the private booths with the fabric dividers . there is a door bell ringer to press when you are ready to order . we ordered a medium size sashmi sushi boat and 2 rolls . it was more than enough for 4 people .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this location used to be sapporo sushi . i did n't even know sapporo had closed , they kept the same number . the decor is essentially the same though little touches like wall hangings are different . their menu is a bit different than sapporo 's as well . some of the standards you would find in a japanese restaurant are n't there , like shitake mushroom roll ( which i love ) . i picked up a lunch from here recently & the food was decent . i 'm still trying to decide how much i like them . wo n't know for sure until i try the other food on their menu . they do not deliver btw . so if you get take out you 'll have to pick it up .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best sushi i have ever had of this price range ! it 's run by a family and the father has been making sushi for more than 30 years . the son is the owner and he was a very nice person . we really had a good time there . have to drop by next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best sushi in toronto . i am a huge fan of sushi ( and food on general ) and hamaru is my favourite sushi place in toronto . i lived downtown for 11 years and had my favorites there but hamaru is the best i 've had . surrounded by tons of korean restaurants , hamaru seems to get overlooked . i never thought i would get excited by a boring california roll but they did it somehow . all the fish is extremely fresh and the rice is fragrant and tasty . i usually get their combos with a mix of nigiri and sushi rolls . it can be pricey but sushi in toronto never is cheap and their prices are on part with other restaurants . the real unsung hero of this restaurant though is their soy sauce ... what ? yes , soy sauce . most people do n't think twice about soy sauce but they make it in-house and it is that magical touch that most other sushi places are missing . service is pretty good too and as i said , the place is often overlooked , so it 's not usually too busy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there have most name brand items for less than most places . this store has long lines usually around 4pm . the cashier was very personable . maybe that 's why the long lines . too much talk not enough work . i live literally 300 feet from this store and i would go to walmart for the same thing most times .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "since this dollar general is literally 2 blocks from my apartment , a quick walk and i 'm there . this location is clean , well stocked , but i feel the aisles are crowded . they have name brand items and generic brands at a reasonable price . i disagree with the previous post , as i felt the customer service was good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very bad customer service . if you use coupons they will give you a very hard time and they do not know coupon policy . they told me i could only use a coupon for product if the picture was on it ( which this is not true , manufactures can not put a picture of every single item that is available for the coupon to be used ) the consumer just has to follow what is stated on the coupon . definitely would not recommend this dollar general", "score": "1"}
{"review": "heartland town center location . buyer beware prices posted on the products displayed or on brand new boxes may not necessarily be honered at the till . if the price tags on their products in store are less than what 's in the system at checkout they will demand you pay the higher amount . no exceptions given regardless of how cheated you may feel . ( even late on christmas eve in my case ! ) i was informed by their customer service department that they have several complaints regarding this but have no intention of changing this strange policy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i almost got fooled by the name of the store . since i am never really into wicker furniture or anything that is made of wicker , i never walk into this store till now ! love everything here ... coffee tables , cabinets , shelvings , chairs , stools ... the best part is the price is reasonable and the products is well made with solid wood . watch out for extra discount year round on top of the sale price and the clearance area at the back for bargains , i do love the way the store is set up . i feel like i am out for a treasure hunt !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like popping into this store when looking for either a piece of furniture or a unique gift idea for a birthday , anniversary , holiday , etc . prices are reasonable , selection good and staff are uber friendly . only complaint is that this store is usually packed to the rafters , so maneuvering through the store ( especially when other customers are there as well ) can be problematic . not for the claustrophobic or faint of heart . have recommended it to others and have relatives who visit this store whenever they 're in town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has potential to be an amazing sports bar in vegas however they need wayyyyyy better food ! for the price the food is terrible ! why is the place named beer park and they do not serve normal buffalo wings ? ! ! i was shocked ! ! redo the menu , get a yardhouse type vibe , add a few more american beers on draft and you 'll have 5 stars in my book !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible service , mediocre food . it was as if the inmates were left to run the asylum ... no manager around , too much clowning around ( waitstaff was riding an oversized tricycle around ) , the bartender lost our ticket so it took forever to get our drinks , food arrived to the table somewhat cold . food sounds way better on the menu than it actually tastes . this place is a cool concept ... rooftop bar restaurant with games , large picnic style tables but i think it reflects horribly upon the budweiser brand . the horrendous service and immature staff , i think , will ultimately be the demise of this place . a very jv experience on the strip .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went the day after the grand opening . i looked at the menu online and was excited to try a couple items . we were given a menu with 5 items . nothing on the menu i wanted to try . i asked where their full menu was and they said it would be a couple weeks before they had a menu . no french fries ? ? ! ! seriously ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cool new spot on the strip . a little confusing to find the entrance ( s ) to , but good times when you finally get there . reminds me a lot of college where the cool kids hang out . good music and good food . mac & cheese egg rolls were killer . so many drink options too . extensive menu all around . i went with a big birthday group , and service was a little spotty , maybe because gratuity was already included . not sure , but i 'll be back anyway with 3 or 4 friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i really love the atmosphere here ! nice music ( new and old ) , great ambiance , and the rooftop view was really nice . the kids did their basic thing and ordered a burger . we shared the mac n cheese egg rolls along with loaded tater tots . i was surprised at how good the egg rolls were , really good ! the mac n cheese was n't your grandmas but it was n't kraft box mac n cheese either . the tater tots were loaded and very flavorful . the only thing they were just warm , not hot like you would expect straight from the kitchen . i did n't want to complain about that and that will not keep us from coming back . in fact this is on our pitstop list of places to go when we visit in a couple of months . again the vibe of this place is fantastic ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you will love beer park . as a las vegas native , i have always been apprehensive to go out and have a good time in the strip . this is because people come to vegas to get crazy ! so after turning 21 , i never really even put the effort into a night out on the strip because i imagined drunk girls , over crowded clubs , and 'the hangover ' style hijinx . whilst in-town for a vegas wedding , my friends and i headed over to beer park , which my sister had found on yelp . what a pleasant surprise ! the bar was not too crowded and the atmosphere rocked ! we had a full view of the strip and the dj ( bayami ) was playing the best set . we had such a fun time with our beer flights and playing oversized jenga that , get this , we came back the next day ! beer park is all out fun atmosphere food and drinks ! stop here on your next vegas trip for some fun that has nothing to do with the club scene ! instagram : @ glowrae", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give 0 stars i would . we were having a great experience until we found out we were n't able to use the groupon we purchased . it was sunday and supposedly sunday you can not use it all . the manager was constantly just saying any sporting event restricts you from using it . problem is there is always a sporting event on everyday . they can say it 's not usable at will . this place is absolutely crooked and corrupt as this is a blatant bait and switch . it 's a horrible way of doing business and the manager was horrible about dealing with it . the manager was not willing to work with us at all . horrible customer service from the manager . avoid .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great view of the strip ! lots of outdoor yard games and pool tables are a bonus . however , the service is terrible . we were seated for 15 minutes before we were acknowledged . after another 15 minutes we went to the bar and ordered our drinks where we were promptly served . watch out for the cnf tax that adds another $ 2.50 to each drink .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great service . great view . good appetizers . those tall stools though . half of our group had to hang on for dear life because we kept slipping off . packed during games but the servers did an excellent job checking in frequently .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the beer park is the hidden hot spot located in front of the paris hotel ! this budweiser establishment brings me back to the college days and is definitely filled with a younger and hip crowd ! they have tons of great bites to eat that go great with your adult beverage and so much entertainment . from tv screens all over the place showcasing every type of sport that is on to huge jenga and pool tables . the decor is super clean and modern ! they have tables for groups , picnic tables , lounge areas or you can sit at the bar . the service was great and the music was a throwback ode to my college years of the early to mid 2000s .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love me some beer park ! love the views and all the great draft beer on tap ! and all the awesome games and the view to boot , just awesome . will for sure be back when we are in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my experience here was horrible i came vegas to celebrate my 21st birthday this was the first bar i choose to purchase my first drink , when i ordered my drink the waitress asked for my id , i excitedly handed her my id and she kept staring at me and looking down at my id and told me `` this is n't you '' she completely embarrassed me in front of all the customers around me ! i left after that for this being my first experience the waiter killed my birthday trip ! i will never come back to this bar ever again ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i did n't get a chance to get her name but she was flat chested , blonde hair and colored eyes !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "beer park , oh beer park . the name would indicate you have a vast selection of beers to entice and enrich the lives of beer nerds around the world . that is not the case . the selection was subpar at best . very few regional beers , nothing i have n't seen while grocery shopping . though they are priced as if they were imported from the ends of the earth , delivered by golden knights on horse back . disappointed to say the least . the food however ( priced cheaper than the beer in most cases ) was on point . i had the pineapple jalapeno bbq burger on a pretzel bun , amazing . the gilroy garlic fries with a side of cheese sauce , great flavor . my friend had the guacamole burger . well seasoned , cooked perfect and reasonably priced . if you want a good burger , they have them . the beer however , your better off someplace else .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm a vegas local and i decided against all my basic instinct to try this place out because we were in the area . we got seated and was not asked for drinks for more than 30mins . also by the time they asked us for drinks it came 15mins after and they never came back to ask us for food . i 'm done . i just want the check and it 's taking about an hour more . i swear i can walk out and not pay and they would n't even know .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "another new sports bar , we were there for their soft opening . excellent service , food was good , great view of the surrounding area , including the bellagio water show . lots of choices of beer , wine on tap ( good wine , not cheap crap ) . all open air . not cheap , but what is in vegas ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they charge a bs `` cnf '' fee . it 's on their menu . basically a 5 % charge for nothing . enough said . stay away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! it was our last pit stop before heading to the airport . the staff was very attentive and our waitress destiny was not only gorgeous but spectacular . we moved to three different locations and she always kept tabs on us to make sure we were ok. we had dinner last night somewhere else at a fancy restaurant and her customer service was by far superb compared to what we got last . definitely will come back next time we visit vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . a nice chill place with a ton of beer to choice from . and let 's not forget the chile verde nachos", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am giving three stars for this restaurant for the simple fact that they were still so new . i would give it a second chance , but the first experience was less than stellar . went with a group for moms bday and had a great table with an amazing view . the service and food were definitely still in the trial and error phase , food all came out separately and some items were wrong . buckets of beer were expensive , but hey it 's vegas so there is nothing you can do about that . our waitress was a bit stressed and when i asked her how she was doing , she said she was struggling and was getting no help from management . overall there are just minor fixes that would make this place great ! will have to give another chance when i return to vegas .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hands down the coolest place for a beer on the strip ! the outdoor setting is fantastic . the beers are delicious and a huge selection . i 'll come back here every time i 'm in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely the worst customer service ! waited ten minutes no one greeted us or made eye contact , no one took our order or even acted like they cared . went up to two bar backs would could n't and did n't offer any help . left without ordering anything after no one helped us . never going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a fun place to sit and people car watch while having drinks . the beer park has a nice selection of craft beers including two of my favorites from goose island : green line and sofie . we were sat immediately by a cheerful hostess and then served excellently by `` karen '' . karen stayed on top of our needs the whole time and tried to keep us longer but alas , we wanted to walk the strip . while sitting on the balcony deck we had a great view of the people and cars going up and down the main strip . we also watch the water show across the street at the bellagio . there is a stage on the balcony and i was told by karen that beer park was having a lip syncing contest that night at midnight . we got to watch several rehearsals and knew that the event was going to be cool . we ordered a few small plates to compliment the beer . they were good but not to die for . on the other hand we did n't go into the beer park to eat so we were not disappointed", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not only does this place have great drinks and food and service ... and honestly the prices are very fair ... but the view is top shelf amazing ! ! i lived in vegas for 12 years and although i love the roof of the rio and the palms for those warm summer nights and the view but this place has the best 360 degree view of the heart of the strip ! front row for dancing waters at the bellagio ! ? are you kidding me ? do n't miss this spot on your next trip to vegas , baby ! ! seriously made my night - thanks beer park ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are a few times in life when u leave home for a mini vegas vacation and end up in a spot that makes u feel like you are right at home ! right on the strip ! it 's outdoors , they have adult size games , beer pong , and a really great menu ! it almost feels like u went to one of your homie 's backyard bbq ! absolutely loved this spot", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wir hatten unser zimmer im bellagio und entdeckten den beer park beim blick aus dem fenster . es gab den typischen sports-bar-kram zu essen . ich hatte einen burger mit fries und er war echt nix weltbewegendes . bekomme ich zu hause besser hin . die so\u00dfen auf dem tisch waren leer und es dauerte eine weile , bis uns der kellner frischen ketchup etc . gebracht hat . positiv ist der ausblick auf den strip . ich w\u00fcrde wohl nicht mehr hingehen .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a fun place with a great view of the strip , the bellagio fountains and more . you can even hear the music from the fountains depending on how busy the area is . i 've been here 3 times since it has opened and have tried everything from their unique food options to the wide variety of beer and also their mixed drinks . for the strip it is a great price , you can get a rare import beer for what you would pay inside of the casino at any random bar for a bud light . there are also a ton of tvs ! i would say beer runs between $ 6-10 and specialty cocktails around $ 12 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "set ourselves , waited five minutes , ask for our own menus , waited 10 more minutes , no service , no one cared to pay attention to a party of six who is willing to spend money . i asked for help and they said oh well . mind you it 's monday and dead", "score": "1"}
{"review": "their burgers are absolutely worth the money , the garlic fries are amazing , and the upper deck location is gorgeous .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "new favorite place ! so many beers to choose from . perfect location ... great service ( i think her name was ashley ? ) ... delicious food ... we got the mac & cheese eggrolls omg ! ... soft braided pretzel yum ! then i had the bbq chicken cobb salad for my meal ... so good ! ! table games were so much fun we did n't want to ever leave but we had to move on lol ! we even had a carrot top siting lol ! we will definitely be putting this place in our rotation of favorite restaurants bars for our next visit to vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my new favorite bar to hangout , whether we are grabbing a quick bite to eat to a drink or choosing to hang here all night long on a non-club night . beautiful view of the las vegas strip . open air and fresh . right in front of the bellagio fountains . great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in vegas , wanting to do something different found beer park on yelp ! ! arrived at beer park waited about 10 mins and was seated , then friends of us wanted to join us so the staff seated us at a different table with no issues . the hostess was very helpful , the waitress was check on us often . large beer selection which different size glasses . the food was great , the burger was cooked perfectly . we spent a long time at our table with a great view of the strip . the bellagio water show can be seen perfectly . i would recommend this place be visited on anyone 's visit to las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , food and views ! i highly recommend you checking this place out . thanks again for the hospitality", "score": "5"}
{"review": "atmosphere was great overlooking the strip . elevated so nice breeze . lots of tvs and fun games . had pool , beer pong , shuffleboard , jenga , and more . had their burgers which were tasty , good selection of beers and they have cocktails too ! very nice chill spot . would def . hit up this spot again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beer park is an amazing sports venue that overlooks the las vegas blvd . it has a direct view of the bellagio fountain and offers a great photo opportunity next to the eiffel tower . beer park offers interactive games such as , janga , foosball and pool ! a very `` come as you are '' , upbeat and fun environment . i will definitely keep beer park in mind when recommending a sports viewing or if i 'm looking for a fun interactive environment to host and entertain a party .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the worst service i 've ever had here . we went to the bar and sat down for about 20 minutes without even being acknowledged . it was busy but not that busy and we saw about 5 people who sat down after us get served . we finally said something because at this point it had been 20 minutes and it was becoming ridiculous and the girl rudely replied saying she 'd be with us in a one second . 5 more minutes past with her serving everyone but us so we finally walked out . i will never come back here . worst service i 've ever seen .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "alyssa is the greatest super nice super amazing great host love her helped is quickly and made everything enjoyabke", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! great chill rooftop deck to hang out with a few friends , have some beers and chill . the staff is friendly . i went back a few times and will go back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place ! ! great location ! ! fun games ! ! great atmosphere . beers are a little pricey , but nothing shocking being new and center strip . great view of fountains . can not wait to go back during the summer for sports . bottoms up ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found this place above a adult slushy store , i mean who does n't want one of those when in vegas and walking the strip right ? we got seated quickly and they took our order pretty fast . this review is more so of our experience with the weather than anything else and how helpful the staff was . it was sunny and all of a sudden it started to thunderstorm out of no where , the staff ran quickly trying to make sure everyone was dry and nothing was flying away . it was literally insane , but eventually they had to close down because of the water dripping everywhere and the lights flickering .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stay away . they charge a 4.7 % cnf fee on all purchases . it 's called a concession charge . essentially , the `` concession and franchise fee '' is like a resort fee , but you get nothing in return . this fee has `` deceptive business practice '' written all over it . the fee is listed on the menu in tiny print that is hard to see and read . the solution to the growing problem of cnf charge in vegas is easy : do n't go to these places . run , do n't walk , to establishments that appreciate you and your patronage . i understand that it can be expensive to operate a business , but the food and drinks are already over priced . there is no need for this fee .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "skip this one . the @ beerparklv service is terrible . the hostess and wait staff are too busy talking to each other to be bothered with customers . expect nothing , because that 's what you will get . this place is run by a contractor to paris hotel that does n't know what they are doing . so do n't be fooled by the @ parisvegas brand . do not waste your time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time here in the 6 months i 've lived in vegas . such a great spot . open air dinning and drinking . with amazing views of the strip . nichole our server was on point . made out experience very enjoyable . definitely will be back , and request her section !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good beer selection , decent food . ok to bring your kids . they have giant jenga , connect four and other bar games . everything on menu is a la carte ; sandwiches do n't come with sides . that being said , if you order the backyard bbq dog , ask them to put the potato salad and baked beans on the side , and they serve these in small dishes instead of piled up onto the hot dog . highly recommend the homemade blue cheese dressing . ask to substitute it , if you order the cobb salad . beware - this restaurant charges a `` concession and franchise fee '' that is 4.7 % of your bill . they disclose it in the fine print at the bottom of the menu with the `` thoroughly cooked food food borne illness '' language . just a cheap money grab . if you come here , you will pay this fee .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "super cool place for some good beer and snacks ! we came here a few days back and ordered some beers and the pretzel and waffle fries , everything was super good ! loved the beer and food and location set up of this place . really cool ! we will definitely come back next time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so so nothing special ... ... ..was expecting more variety on tap since they are a beer park ... ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service was very good with friendly and helpful bar staff ... . but the bathrooms need serous help do yourself a favor and stop in the casino first .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cool atmosphere decent food mediocre service at best . $ 11 for a draft beer that was n't very cold and glass was def not chilled taylor was our server never once asked me if i wanted another beer had 100 down to get a water refill and i love it the bill comes in the cheapest option on the tip guideline on the receipt is 18 % sorry honey you got 12 % from me and honestly should n't get a tip at all tips stands for `` to ensure proper service '' work on it girl", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great rooftop sports bar on the strip ! serves good food , craft beers by the pitcher , and tons of tvs to catch a game ! service was excellent also !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "local muy bien puesto . al aire libre , en una planta alta en el paris . varias barras rectangulares amplias donde muchos bartenders atienden muy r\u00e1pido , tienen una variedad de cervezas muy copada . los precios son un poco altos , pero viene bien para salir un poco de las corona bud light etc . que encontras en todos lados . adem\u00e1s de las barras , hay mesas estandar tipo picnic , y tambien sillones con mesas bajas para grupos grandes al fondo . hay varios juegos de mesa dando vueltas , incluido jenga gigante id\u00f3neo para cuando ya llevas unas cuantas cervezas , y un par de mesas de pool . corre bastante viento y a veces hace fr\u00edo , pero por suerte tienen los t\u00edpicos tubos estufa arriba que ayudan bastante . si estas en los sillones del fondo podes ver a lo lejos y escuchar la m\u00fasica de chateau ( el nightclub del hotel paris ) , as\u00ed que viene bien para ir mentalizandose ( ? )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the place is all atmosphere . there are better beer places but without the view . the red hook long hammer i had tasted weak and was stupid expensive . the selection of beers seems to be all the safe beers from in-bev and not as extensive as you 'd expect from a place passing itself off as a beer destination . yard house by the linq has better beers and a better menu . no view of the strip , but if it makes you feel better you can gaze at all the money left in your wallet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "spent about three hours hanging out here on a sunday afternoon . great beer prices and selection . tried a few apps . the braided pretzal is to die for . best nachos i have had anywhere . the chicken drumbsticks are a nice twist on traditional wings . just as tasty but a lot more meat . really enjoyed tge music and the vibe of the bar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really liked the concept of beer park . i came here on a saturday afternoon so it was n't really poppin . i did like the chill laid back vibes tho . it had misters which really helped with the 105 degree temps outside lol . all the drinks are served in a porcelain like red solo cup . there are backyard games like jenga and connect four which is pretty awesome . they also show ufc fights here which was pretty cool . it 's definitely a chill spot to go if you want to relax . the view is amazing , you can see the bellagio fountains . all in all a good time , but kinda dead . maybe it was the time of day ? ? ? the heat ? ? idk it 's a good place to check out , chill , and drink a brew . cheers", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my new favorite outdoor spot ! they have awesome food , beer and view . the only catch is that it 's quite a distance from parking to here but location is perfect if you 're staying on the strip . will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beer park was so cool ! my sister and i sat on the table facing the strip and it was beautiful ! our waitress , sarah , was the nicest person ever . she was so sweet ! love the beer park !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service good drinks a little weak . bbq hot dog and kahana burger were awesome . best onion rings i 've had in a while", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decent choices of beer , not too hip or obscure . open patio on the 2nd level with an awesome view of the strip , though no smoking is allowed . food was good , lots of classics with minor twists . overall would love to come back , service was lacking . seemed a bit understaffed , our server had a lot to cover and i do n't blame her for not being able to get our drinks in a timely manner . would go back ... with the right people in the right situation , lol .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not bad for vegas , but do n't expect much . mostly budweiser products and average food ; a couple of local taps but you 'll find a much better selection at the public house in the venetian or a tag in the linq . if you 're looking for a place to sit outside and watch some sports , it 's a pretty good spot . the bartenders were friendly , so that bumps it to 3 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great outdoor beer garden on 2nd floor overlooking belaggio fountain . good craft list and fun games .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beware of this restaurant . bait and switched us with groupon deal . would not accept anytime there is a sporting event on televisions there . there is always a sporting event on there . manager told us the wording on the groupon is vague on purpose so that they can do this to people .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the misters and giant fans make for a pretty cool atmosphere , overlooking the strip prices were about what you 'd expect but they did have a groupon which made it a great deal we had a fun time & we 'll be back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food , good beer , great view , great atmosphere if you 're looking for casual but fun !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place 1st time there ! views are awesome beer selection is spot on . ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here 3 times so i like enough to keep coming back - mostly for the atmosphere and game watching . twice we had terribly inattentive bartenders . keep in mind all three times were over lunch and we sat at an uncrowded bar for food and drinks . the last time our bartender checked on us once during the one hour we were there . thankfully jess , another bartender working nearby , saw when our drinks were empty , or we needed silverware , or even wanted to pay . jess saved the day , so thank you ! as for the other bartender , whose name i wo n't mention here , this place has far too much potential for you not to do better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "made a reservation for a certain area and it was full when we arrived . extremely slow service and they were n't busy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we visited after purchasing a groupon . should have read the fine print as it was not valid on sundays during the football games . beer was way overpriced , but i guess you are paying for the location . the pretzel with cheese dip was excellent . the guacamole was also good , but hard to eat out of jar it was served in . table service was hit or miss , but the bartenders , especially adam , were great . tons of tvs . outside seating only , so it can get hot in the sun , even with all the umbrellas .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a lot of money for bud . $ 8.5 for bud light , i know it is vegas , but come on . the food was cooked as requested which is not done that often , so good for them . i had the breakfast burger cooked medium . i consider myself a beer and burger guy . i only drink draft beer and mostly ipas . so i paid $ 11 for an average ipa . the view made up for some of the cost . i am not cheap , i just want value for my money . see my pic for the view and the food . the service was slow and it was only half full . at the end of the day it was $ 55 for two drinks a quesadilla and a burger , and fries do not come with a burger", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stephanie , cole , and miranda the fucking ginger awesome fucking staff ! ! ! best spot on the strip ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "way expensive but the wings are smoky and tasty . service was impeccable . fun atmosphere for hanging out with friends .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped here for a quick bite ... there was a wait for a table so we opted to go to the bar . ordered the classic burger and it was pretty good , a solid burger choice that satisfied my craving . the waffle fries were also very good but you have to pay for them separately ( they do n't come with the burgers ) . it 's a good hang out place , as they have games to play around the restaurant . also , great view of the strip as it 's outside and you can do some solid people watching .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "rather disappointed with this place . the prices for beer and food were about average for the area and they have a lot of tvs and stuff to do like oversized connect 4 and jenga which is what brought us . but the service was just not good . the waitresses deliberately tried to place our group and three other groups of people at these terrible tables next to beams so your fourth person was squished . the servers were unfriendly and seemed very anxious to get people out . and the food , ai n't the nachos , we 're basically fold by the time they arrived and tasted like salt and little else . i wo n't be returning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ca n't get past this : cnf . how can one patronize this place knowing you 're getting screwed by a fictitious tax ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "crap . horrible . horrible crap . tempura was a joke . do n't even think they knew what that was supposed to taste like . sushi ? are you kidding me ? can i have my money back ? please ? because this is false advertising . this is not a sushi restaurant . this is a cafe of confusion , with linens to help overstate the food , waiters who think they 're hipper than hell because they simply work here , and service that 's nearly non-existent . and by the way , may i just note for the record that real maki-zushi ( sushi rolls ) are not dipped in corn syrupy sauce or drizzled in a thousand colors and sprinklings and called `` fireburst from hell '' or `` sunset over the dragon from texas '' or some crap like that . this is n't zen 's fault necessarily , although they perpetuate the myth . i ca n't blame them however . they do n't really know what japanese food is anyway .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "interesting place . food is delicious and inexpensive . a good , local place ... southern style . recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "small location , small menu , great hot dog ! not a lot of room to sit and eat but it is enough since most people got carryout . you can tell that not only are the dogs all beef , but great quality as well ! the people are wonderful , friendly and give the right atmosphere . constant flow of customers while i was there . this place really hit the spot and i will be back next time i visit gastonia .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just passing thru otw to asheville to take care of family business . stopped here to eat on strength of yelp reviews . glad i did . worth it . 18 y o son said best hot dog ever ; i 'd call it a very close second behind the now defunct hot diggity dog we used to have in d.c .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another visit and another truly great sandwich . i had the rubin and it was delicious . i love rubins and have had good and very bad ones . this one beat them all , hands down ! this was stacked high with meat and made with a great marble rye . outstanding.service as always", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our first visit here , and we ca n't say enough ! love it ! my wife had the carolina bubba dog , and i had the turk . both were awesome ! great prices and the service was friendly . this downtown area is on the comeback , and it 's great to have an awesome hot dog place to grow with it ! we 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best sandwiches and dogs in town . i am so impressed with this place and the friendly , and welcoming staff . be careful though , the muffuletta is seriously addicting !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i heard about the hot dogs at this place and stopped in to get some with my daughters . much to my surprise they make their own italian beef and giardiniera . being from chicago - there is only one other place i know of to get italian beef in the greater charlotte area ( and no , the place in uptown selling vienna does n't count - i want real italian beef ) . my daughters and i both really enjoyed the italian beef especially getting them soaked in the beef juice . i normally do n't do giardiniera on my beef , but they added it by mistake and what a mistake it was . i really , really enjoyed the giardiniera ( warning if you are n't used to it , it would be too spicy for some ) . even though they replaced my sandwich for free , next time i will be ordering it with the giardiniera . the italian beef is all home made and they do a great job on it . we will definitely be back and next time will try the hot dogs as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a gem . great service , friendly people , cool decor and walkable from anywhere downtown . plus , the hot dogs are absolutely delicious ! i 'm a particular fan of the carolina bubba . the chili is made in house and is some of the best i 've ever had . this place is perfect for a lunch snack stop when you 're out shopping . try it out ! you wo n't regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little place , with awesome soda from glass bottles ! friendly customer service , too . definitely a winner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic hotdogs . ca n't wait to try the fried bologna !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this spot ! great food service is wonderful . it 's definitely a local spot . i always order the cheesy beef sandwich with chios and a sun drop . it makes my mouth happy ! : ) do n't forget blue cheese crumbles ! out of this world !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome delicious corned beef . loved the hot dog . makes his own sauerkraut . sooooo good . soup bowl to die for ! ! ! owner is a hottie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! owner is a great guy who cares about adding value to the neighborhood and the food is fresh and local . i strongly recommend the cuban !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome service from mike & a great atmosphere ! had the reuben , mufalletta , & cuban sandwiches and they were all fantastic ! high quality ingredients at affordable prices . will definitely be going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was amazing . if you are a hot dog lover this is a must visit place if ever in the area . i do n't write many reviews but i love the small business guy . you have to try the carolina bubba . omg ca n't say enough about this place . mike the owner is also a pleasure to visit with just a plus", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best hot dog around and was worth the 30 min drive ! wish they had some nice sea salt and vinegar fries though", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first experience here , and i have to say it was great . very clean , lots of character and friendly staff . mike was very helpful and i have to say my muffuletta was spectacular . i ca n't wait to come back to try something else . everything everyone else had looked delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "huh ? really ? we were on our way to gastonia around lunchtime , and wanted some sort of local cafe . saw k & m 's stellar reviews so had to go . completely disappointing . first , very limited selection of sandwiches . second , it took forever to get my sandwich ( mine was their only order at the time ) , but figured , for the great sandwich i was about to get , it would be worth the wait ) . then i unwrapped my corned beef sandwich . it was thin - maybe two pieces of corned beef . and the corned beef could have been called corned fat & gristle . gross . ate half of it and could n't go any further . on the other hand , my wife 's peanut butter & banana on cinnamon bread was excellent . in all fairness , neither of us ordered a hot dog . that 's what they seem to be known for , and they might be outstanding .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a good find on a long journey back to miami thru atlanta . the hot dog with chili was very good . the dog `` snapped '' with lots of flavor . i licked out with the chili . it had no beans . that 's the only way i like it . good chili . the place is on a main st in an old town that needs revitalizing . but when it does it will be a `` go to '' local .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really good food in the family run restaurant in downtown gastonia . the owner works here and is passionate about the food . mike gave us several samples of his personal favorites and took the time to explain why he has what he has on the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter absolutely loves little einstines daycare ! ! they have daily activities that my daughter is so excited for everyday like water days , art days , karaoke days and much more and they teach them the essentials for pre school and are bilingual and will speak to your children in spanish if you would like them to learn . they make home cooked meals for your kids and they treat each child as if they where part of the family you can see the love and bond they have with each child so much that my kid never wants to leave..lol it 's so relieving to have them as my daughters daycare .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this daycare ! ! ! my son has been going for a while now and he is flourishing ! he comes home so happy ! the daycare providers send pictures and videos and let me check in on him whenever i want ! they have a great curriculum set up-i have no doubt my son will be exactly where he needs to be when he starts school in a couple of years . the daycare is awesome ! it is located in a rural farming horse property community and they take the kids on walks to visit animals in the area . they do learning activities that are fun and also teach basic spanish ! i am so happy we found this daycare and you will too ! they are des certified !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is long overdue ; i could have written it after the first day of my son being cared for here . as a first-time mom , i was extremely nervous to leave my son at daycare and thought that feeling would be something i would learn to deal with . however , after meeting ruth and thalia i knew i had found a very special place . they are so sweet , patient , caring , loving , and nurturing towards the kids . there are daily fun activities for the children that help with their social skills and brain development . the kids get home-cooked nutritional meals , one-on-one attention from ruth and thalia , and an atmosphere that encourages positive self-esteem . parents get the benefit of a flexible drop-off and pick-up time , the bonus of a bilingual daycare , and the comfort of knowing their child is in a loving and safe place . i am so grateful i found this little gem in waddell !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been taking our 14 month old here for a month and she absolutely loves it . she runs to the door when i tell her we are going to school . when we get there she hugs the teacher and runs off to play . she 's never in a rush to leave . we are very happy with our choice in childcare and recommend them to others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have a 3yr & 2yr . i have seen a huge improvement of there vocabulary , attitude , & attentiveness . i highly recommended this daycare . fair prices for the job they do consistently . im extremely impressed in the staff and there dedication in helping children with 2 languages . im super excited and ready to see what little accomplishments my kids go through in the next couple yrs . i highly recommended visiting this new and well taken care of business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "southern hospitality ? yes ma'am ( or mister ) : ) the first thing that struck me was that my server had a lovely accent . my daughter looked at me & asked me if it was part of her job to fake an accent , , , , i went with no . i 'm not sure where it 's from , but it 's a 'honey & y'all ' accent : d she had a very friendly disposition & made our lunch experience a pleasure . she made her mama proud . the food was decent and you can have breakfast all day . i love having breakfast for dinner , so that 's a big selling point to me : ) the building is fairly new , not too brightly lit & clean . in all honesty i would have given them an a ok rating , 3 stars , but our server pushed them to a 'yay ! i 'm a fan ' , 4 star rating . good people make the difference !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this manager is a chauvinist pig , he has fired me because he has gotten a complaint on himself , he has made sexual comments to almost everyone that works there and is a very rude person . i would not take any one that i care about to this restaurant ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "overpriced and boring . there is nothing overly creative or unique about any of their menu offerings . very limited menu , especially for healthier or vegetarian options . do n't be fooled by their claim to `` the best pancakes in town '' . they were doughy and not all that spectacular . i would be surprised if this place was able to make it another 6 months , but according to their website , 5 new country kitchen franchises are due to open in the phoenix area . good luck with that one ! places like denny 's , village inn , and ihop do a better job for less money and have brand recognition to boot .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was a great place to stop and eat breakfast . i enjoyed the fact that we were seated quickly and that they had the games on the tv . it felt like i was at home eating breakfast . real cozy , which is something i do n't feel at denny 's or norm 's . the menu had many options and they all looked good . i was in the mood for something with cheese and eggs , but not an omelet , so i ordered the skillet scramble with a side of toast ... it was freaken good ! taste was great and the portion size was plenty ( i did not finish it ) . i was out there in az hanging with friends for the weekend and glad we made a stop there for breakfast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i think this is a great neighborhood place to grab a meal . we have come here 4 or 5 times for breakfast . the service is always professional & friendly . other people have compared this place to denny 's and in my opinion it 's a much nicer dining experience . first of all it 's open and not all cramped and it 's clean ! the food is good , a nice variety on the menu . this establishment is a great addition to the neighborhood .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "most of the food is good , sometimes the fish portion sizes vary , once my husband ordered it and it was huge the next time is was like 3 times smaller . service varies it just depends on who you get . also the assistant night manager is rude . we took our 4 kids out to dinner since it was my daughters 10th birthday and was refused service since it was close to closing time . it was 7:56 pm and the sign on the window said they closed @ 9 . was told they channged the hours to close at 8 so we could not be served even though we were already in the restaurant ready to be seated .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is great for breakfast and however many cups of coffee the help remember to fill . i think two is the limit . i overheard an argument between a customer and the manager about a brown steak . i think he watches too much csi and should stop interrogating the customers . have an alibi ready in case you run into any problems with your order .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we get takeout from ck every month or so , and it 's pretty solid 'american ' food . the menu has a bit of variety , but you 're not likely to find anything too wild or exciting on it . at the same time , if you are looking for 'wild and exciting ' at a place called country kitchen , you 're probably going to be disappointed no matter what . i almost gave them 4 stars based on their seasonal breadbowl soups ... try the pot roast soup , that was our favorite .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been here a couple of times and enjoyed it very much . i love their 550 calorie menu , chili is very good and they do have a wide selection on their menu ? we will start coming by more often !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as the mom of 2 kids ( a 3 year old and a 8 month old ) it seems to be very difficult to find a nice place to eat that is very comfortable and casual- and somewhere that people do n't give you evil looks and comments for bringing kids ( carraba 's ) . we have been here a few times for lunch and the food has always been good . not great , but pretty good and inexpensive . i will say though that their french fries are some of the best i 've had ! i would much rather come here than ihop", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quite good for simple food . there 's something to be said for not getting too fancy and that makes me a fan .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is ok . nothing really special or anything to get excited over . food quality and selection is at the denny 's quality . service was decent and food quality was decent . like i said , nothing to get overly excited about .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "have been to nick 's many times for breakfast , but not because they have awesome food . nick 's offered a `` buy one get one free '' coupon on the back of fry 's grocery store receipts so me and my girlfriend took advantage of that quite a few times until they stopped the promotion . the unfortunate thing about nick 's is the pictures of the food in the menu are great , what you get served looks nothing like it . the food is average at best , me and my girlfriend joked that we would n't come back if it were n't for the bogo deal they were offering . they stopped offering it about 6 months ago and we have n't been back . the restaurant looks nice , it 's clean . the hostess and wait staff are all very friendly . the food quality and chef expertise is lacking horribly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "posted : last pickup monday - friday 7:30pm . can you believe it ? i get here at 7:00pm and the collection has already been made . it must be the same guy that does n't know how to read the damn time . i am superbly pissed off . i am unable to send my packages today and will have to send them out tomorrow morning . my big issue is that i wasted so much time because some jerk decided he she was going to not follow the schedule so they could knock-off the job early .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a legit location . i had a couple display banners that needed shipping back to my office here in california which is why i went here to have them sent . our company has an account with fedex making it easier . the service was very good and they took care of my needs and were friendly as well . thank you for handling the job well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i needed one page to be faxed . the employee was nice and helped me promptly . the fax did not go through at first because the person on the receiving end was using the line as a telephone for some reason , so the employee tried a couple more times until the fax went through . he gave me a receipt and a transmission verification report . the cost for faxing one page was $ 1.70 total ( $ 1.59 plus tax ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service and quality of work at kinkos at 210 grant street , pittsburgh is excellent . i emailed my order and chrystina did a superb job of executing it . on another job earlier in the week justin also did a great job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a large printing job , and they were ready to help us and did a great job ! raven was extra helpful on-site .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best escape game i have been to thus far in gta . intuitive game design with multi-room and floor mode . a must try for anyone who is into puzzles and out-of-the-box thinking .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "disclaimer : i love board games . when i heard that `` live '' board games were coming to toronto i forced my various groups of friends to try them out . i 've completed about a dozen of them with a pretty high escape rate . my bragging aside , this craze spread fast and sadly that brought about a loss of quality and creativity . a lot of recent ones have resorted to the cookie cutter model of `` stuck in one room , solve a locked box to reveal ... another locked box '' . disclaimer # 2 : slight spoilers ahead . next relic is luckily not that . it 's a multi level and multi room maze with a creative start . large rooms , well decorated to set the mood , with various types of puzzles . you need to use your puzzle solving skills as well as having honed vision and hearing to solve some of the riddles . it 's a bit pricier than the usual `` one room '' escape rooms but given the size and creativity it 's well worth the price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to many escape games across the city , and nextrelic far exceeds all that i 've tried . great puzzles that make sense and amazing design ! great for a group of 4 or more ... there seems to be a puzzle for various skill sets . definitely a great way to start off 2015 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved the place , loved the challenge , leo was very accommodating , highly recommended . we could n't solve the puzzle and hope you have a better chance at it ! 60 min flew by : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our group had a great time at this escape room . it was a lot of fun , decently complex , and pretty creepy . i especially like how we could reserve it for our group , no matter the size and did n't have to play with strangers . the desk staff was friendly . i would recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been accused by my family of being a bit of a hoarder , but as an artist , i see everything i keep as `` for my next project '' . this christmas my family gave me a gift certificate to organizing by marshall , she was amazing . now , all my `` project '' stuff is organized boxed , tagged , an tidy . stephanie was amazing , and i would recommend her to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought my place was neat . when stephanie showed up i did n't realize how much crap i had underneath my neat looking place . thanks steph ! i can now say my place is so much neater .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stephanie was fantastic ! i have never really been an organized person and was tired of always living in a stressful clutter . she did an amazing job and listened to all of my requests !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "before stephanie came in , i knew i had clutter -- i did n't realize how much useless crap i had been lugging around , some of it for decades . she was able to gently but firmly convince me to cut the cord and let the crap go , and organize the stuff that 's worth keeping so that i can feel good about keeping it . my house looks better , feels better , works better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we needed help getting the house ready for baby . i was overworked , under-rested and my feet had swollen to the size of watermelons . anyway , steph came in to help us organize our grown up stuff to make way for baby stuff and set up the nursery . it was a huge help , especially since i could n't be on my feet very much . she helped us take stock of all the things we had ( and there were so many duplicates - a side effect of two people combining apartments when they move in together ) and figure out what we could get rid of in a sustainable way . helped immensely once the baby came and i no longer had any brainspace left to think about organization . plus , the woman does magical things with a label maker , so there 's that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "looking to get your home all organized ? need some new ideas re how to best declutter your space ? organizing by marshall is for you . stephanie is professional , discreet and full of ideas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a boutique so expect to spend boutique like prices . you can find a variety of great things in hiptique from clothing to jewelry to home decor to baby items to some cute bags to odds and ends to spa items . there 's a little bit of everything for everyone ... well maybe not everyone as they do n't sell anything for boys men . the staff is nice . they 're actually pretty fun . the best time to visit hiptique in my opinion is when they 're having their sales . as those `` boutique prices '' drop and i mean drop . walk in look around . if you do n't find anything that visit maybe on your next you will .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have purchased some of my favorite items here . that said , the prices really are all over the map . i think they could knock a couple of bucks off some of the items and probably sell more . i definitely buy much much more from hip'tique when they are having their sales and exclusive shopping events . the quality of pieces also ranges -- sometimes they are really really high quality , and sometimes they fray almost immediately . i guess it 's a little hit and miss , but usually funky , fun , and also an adorable kids ' section . worth checking out . especially the sale rack .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hip'tique is my favorite spot in shadyside ! it 's one of the few places that carries susana monaco in pittsburgh . all of the items feel hand picked , with a particular interest in femininity . if you have n't found this gem , you are missing out . this place has great price points for cocktail dresses and jewelry ... totally worth checking out before your next event or date night ! the interior is cozy and intimate , it almost feels like playing dress up at home . : ) my girlfriends and i would always pop in when we wanted to feel pampered and pretty . i moved to manhattan a year ago and i 'm still looking for a boutique like hip'tique in my midtown neighborhood . i still try to stop by in when i 'm in pittsburgh ! hip'tique , keep being awesome ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have passed by this place on maryland pkwy , and always wondered what it was about , but just went on my way . then i have friends on fb that was always talking about it . well for memorial day they were offering free burgers to military persons , so i told my husband , hey lets go check it out , it 's free ! we already peeped out the menu on line so we knew what we were getting . omg ! this is now our favorite burger place here in lv . it had alot of flavor , tasted old fashioned . the buns were so soft ! i was really shocked at the flavor . i got the baja spicy burger , but with american cheese ! just awsome ! my husband got the all american burger , and he really liked it . we also got the rosemary french fries ... ..no big deal on that flavor , next time i will just get the regular fries . ohhhh yea , we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "1st time trying this place and it did not disappoint ! i got the sin city burger with a side of fries , it was amazing ! the service was great our cashier aaron was very helpful and friendly ! quick service and to top it off i found $ 5 bucks near my table !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay i 've been sitting on this review for a while , for which i attributed writer 's block . then it occurred to me : i was n't having a hard time describing my experience , nor was i at a loss for words . it 's that smashburger simply did n't make any memorable impression on me . i ordered a bbq bacon cheeseburger and sweet potato fries . my friend ordered a regular cheeseburger . both burgers were cooked well ( a little too well for me , but hey , this is n't burger bar ) and were nice and juicy . the fries were thin and crisp , with a hint of sugar . everything was fine , nothing `` wow , '' nor terrible . very middle of the road , hence my three stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the chicken sandwich is prettttyyy pretty good . love the seasoned smash fries too ! but . the best part about this location was our host sydney . she is one of the most genuine and kind people ive ever met in my life . she is so nice i cant even really explain it . thank you sydney ! ! ! ! you made our day bright and shiny ! ! ! youre the best ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the reason for the 4 stars is that i was really famished after i got out of the hospital for rotations . i paid $ 24 for 1 2 classic burger which was supposed to be the sin city burger , sweet potato fries , 2 milk shakes ( chocolate and caramel which are made of haagen daz ... yumm ! ) and 1 2 baja burger . and no , i did n't it all by myself . i also tried little bites of the sin city , mushroom burger and the veggie frites . not too shabby . the service was great . this place is perfect if you 're on the go because cooks are fast . this place can be compared to steak and shake at southpoint but not comparable to bachi burgers in my opinion . would i come back ? probably not as much since it 's located at one of the busiest streets of vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bomb food . expect them to get your order wrong . if your at the right location , they 'll make it right immediately . but all that is trumped by bomb food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went with colleague and we loved their burgers . very friendly staff and great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "smash burger is the bomb . for a lower priced burger ( in-n-out , the habit ) this place rocks . burgers are definitely heavier so i always end up ordering the small burger . my burger of choice is the sin city burger . fried egg on it is legit . i get the sauce on the side so i can control the amount on the burger ( first time i went there was a little more than i liked ) . i have already been back there 3 times since my first visit . and lets be honest . a place that stays open that is litterally next door to an inny ? has to be good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bbq bacon chedder burger , sweet potato smash fries and a chocolate shake . great , great and fair price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the asst . mgr . carrie is very attentive and thorough , not to mention her bubbly personality and pretty smile , thanks for making our orders right and quick", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'll start off by letting you this is not a fast food joint . you can get your burger and fries to go , but you 'll enjoy it much more if you eat in the restaurant . this is head and shoulders above in and out and five guys . the menu has something for just about everyone , but it not too big . i enjoy the smash burger most : burger with lettuce , tomato , cheese , bacon , and a fried egg . i guess it 's probably a little overboard , but it 's a great burger to have every now and then . the fries are good , but i recommend the sweet potato fries and the smash fries ( regular fries with evoo and rosemary ) . if you 're near this location or one of the other smash burgers , stop by . you 'll be happy you did .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! you can get a huge salad for 5 bucks . they have veggie style fries . the burgers are delish ! i 'm so glad they opened by unlv . the staff is very friendly . the atmosphere is warm , cool and inviting . what a wonderful place . only drawback is i wish they had a baby diaper changing table in the women 's restroom .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some of the best burgers i 've ever had in my life . friendly staff , decent decor , and smash fries are to die for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped by on a saturday evening for some dinner . we tried a spicy baja chicken sandwich , a classic chicken sandwich , a milkshake and a rootbeer float . the spicy baja was definitely spicy ! you can semi-regulate the spiciness be removing the jalape\u00f1os that are in there , but be ready for a long-lasting burn . basically , the chicken was pretty okay . i 'd say on par or better than most chicken sandwiches at fast food joints . the milkshake and rootbeer float were both very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sin city burger ( minus the bacon ) is amazing . on the salty side but i can overlook that . modern decor and clean . i 've been to the one in summerlin a couple times as well and both are similar in decor and food quality .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never had a bad experience at any smashburger . the staff is always friendly , polite and courtesy . the manager that use to be at this location was always extremely nice as well . i encounter her at this location and the one on fort apache and tropicana . carrie helped me out today . she offer products that i ended up ordering . she greeted me when i walked in . she got my complicated order correct and i appreciate that . her manager even came out to check if she needed any help . i just wanted to give kudos to carrie and your company . the salted caramel shakes are great . do n't forget to always add smash fries to you order . you can not go wrong with rosemary and garlic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like the prices , and do n't mind packing my own groceries , but i really do n't feel it is necessary to throw my food into the cart . the bread was smooshed and chips broken before i even left the store . also there is no baby changing table in the bathroom , so i had to hold my poopy child in the air while changing him . i do n't want to bring my kids to the store with me , but i have no choice . i ca n't control when nature calls and it is too cold out to change a baby in the car . i would expect a new facility with such a large bathroom , to be able to accommodate mom 's ( or dad 's ) with small children .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been thoroughly impressed by this aldi location . there are a lot of fresh , quality produce options , organic section , and lots of household needs at great prices . the store is very clean and well kept . i 've definitely converted to an aldi shopper and i 'll certainly continue to come to this location !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice , new aldi . nothing out of the ordinary for this chain of grocery stores . however , for some reason this place seems less staffed . most time there is only one cashier and they are not always at their station . i have waited awhile before someone shows up . then they wonder why the line built so quickly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just came back from montreal . i was there for a one off night , on business . it was extremely short notice but i contacted angelo once i arrived . he made sure to hook me up at a couple of places . he got me a great deal at a restaurant and directed me to a couple of clubs lounges . i would n't know where to go out during the week otherwise . i ca n't say enough about the customer service of montreal nitelife . all things considered ( short notice , tuesday night ) i still had a blast ! thanks again guys", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adriano and montreal nitelife are the real deal . i 've been on plenty of boys trips with vip hosts and this was by far my best experience . adriano knows the city like no other , works very hard to get you what you want , cares that you have a good time , knows everybody , can get you in anywhere , and checks in to make sure you 're enjoying yourself during the trip . ca n't say enough about his professionalism , demeanor , and the value that he brings . we had one night on our own without adriano 's hookups and it was no where close to as good of a time . his prices are reasonable , he does n't try to oversell you on stuff you do n't need want , everything is legit and exceeds all expectations . i would n't go to montreal without adriano 's help , even now after i know the city much better than before .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i choose this place because they accept our insurance . my husband had an appointment yesterday with dr. levin . he went in for a routine eye exam and they dilated his eyes ... .without his consent and without warning him of the possible side effects . his eyes were blurry , out of focus and something in the drops had his heart beating a mile a minute . after such a procedure he is them expected to drive himself home . anytime i 've had an eye exam i always had to given written consent accepting or declining the dilation . he will not be returning . oh , and the exam was $ 55 with insurance . he could have gone to target optical or costco optical instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after waiting for my appointment and being told over the phone all was good with my insurance i was informed while in the office that i would be charged $ 150- $ 500 for `` contact lens fitting '' . i left . they were indignant . find an honest office elsewhere . i did .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been to their main office on allied way in scottsdale and had a positive experience so when i woke up a few days ago with a swollen eye i was thrilled they found me an appointment at this office ( near my office ) . this despite the fact that the scheduler kept me on hold for nearly 20 minutes while in listened to a message praising their outstanding rating by the better business bureau and yelp . the doctor i saw was a huge disappointment . he never introduced himself ( rockwell ? ) nor did he listen to my concerns . i say this because he looked at my eye four times before he saw the problem i was describing . huh ? people at work noticed the problem and they did n't have the benefit of fancy equipment . all he did was give me drops and a referral to someone else . which is noteworthy because while i was in the waiting room he walked out three other patients and i saw him do the same thing ... drops and a referral to someone else . i will be not going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to horizon eye specialist for an evaluation for cataract surgery , in my eyes a scary procedure , ( no pun intended ) . i was very pleased with the in-depth exams and the people who cared for me . dr. mcculloch , put me at ease , answered my questions and addressed the options in a way that i had enough information to make a informed decision . pamela korr , surgery counselor , well , all i can say is that i paved her way to sainthood with my apprehension and questions . however , she did n't skip a beat , she understood , remained calm , and addressed all my concerns . jennifer . reached out to me while i sat in the waiting area , she had re-assuring words for me , soft spoken , pleasant demeanor . mary , professional , knowledgeable , encouraging , very pleasant , and patient . ryan . pleasant , knowledgeable , answered all questions , danielle , upbeat , caring , very considerate . a skilled team ! barbara dye", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very quick for an eye exam . great location . and everything was professional . it was clean with plenty to read and i did n't have a long wait to be seen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a groupon for this place and i 'm terribly disappointed ! i spent $ 15 for a bouquet that was horrible . there are some green leaves and one gerber daisy and a couple other assorted flowers . the most ridiculous part is the middle of the bouquet is empty . literally there are no flowers or leaves or anything ! the girls there were rude and very unfriendly . when i called to place my order the girl put me on hold for 10+ minutes ... terrible ! ! do n't go here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stay away ! ! ! rude , unprofessional , and absolutely incompetent ! save yourself the trouble and skip this `` florist '' ! i have purchased flowers from many other locations throughout town , and have never had such a bad experience ! do n't ruin your special occasion due to their inability to perform !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the flowers i got here were pretty . but they were definately not what i paid for . i paid for a premium bouquet and i got the minimum bouquet that was $ 20 cheaper . i ordered off of ftd and this is the florist i got , so beware..i would not recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rude . over priced . ordered online , when i arrived to pick up my arrangement it wasnt what i ordered . they told me it was n't the same but it was similar , it wasnt even close . buyer beware", "score": "1"}
{"review": "that 's right ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! they are the best price in town ... .very nice and family owner and operated ... ... ... . promise you will not be disappointed..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "followed skyla from the last shop she worked at to her new shop because she is amazing . i am incredibly picky and ocd about my nails and she does them perfectly . she takes extra time on each nail making sure they are absolutely perfect , after listening to exactly what you want and to top it off , they do not lift . i removed my acrylic nails a year ago because i got tired of trying to find someone who did them to my standards . but then i found skyla and my problem was solved . i will not go to anyone else , she is wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i left a review on here once before and one of the owners tried to clarify something to me but i just wanted to clarify that you were mistaken . i went in alone and only had pedicure . i 've never done a pedicure with a friend . my last review still remains the same . i also only review on my experiences alone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "update : a week and a half later my $ 60 acrylics with gel polish are coming off and peeling ! added more pics . go somewhere else ! do n't waste your money ! ! seriously $ 85 for acrylics , gel polish , and a basic pedi is freaking ridiculous . never going back again . way over priced and i have half a dozen cuts and burns . polish is away from cuticle so it looks grown out already . my sister only got acrylics with gel polish and was charged $ 60 ! not worth it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "skyla is an amazing nail tech , but does n't seem friendly . like at all . maybe that 's just me . and this charging for nail polish is kind of crazy to me . i 've been to many salons , and have never heard of such a thing . oh well . onto the next !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "clean . new . friendly . quiet . personal . great service . took a chance on a new place and was pleasantly surprised . skyla and sean were awesome ! had a very relaxing and thorough pedicure . one of the best i 've had in awhile . skyla even doted over my baby who i brought in with me and made sure my polish was perfect . will definitely return . yelp has n't posted their phone : 702-567-9990", "score": "5"}
{"review": "skyla has been doing my nails , pedicures , and eyebrows for about 2 1 2 years . i am always amazed at how great of a job she does . i am very rough on my nails and they still look perfect 2 weeks later . skyla always takes enough time and care to make sure that i leave happy . pq nails is new , clean and has a friendly relaxing atmosphere . i recommend to everyone ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just moved to henderson needed a new nail place figured i would try pq . so glad i did ! ! skyla did a fantastic job . super clean and very nice place ! def will go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely disappointing . went in for mani pedi . older woman who serviced my pedicure was rude , careless , rough and no attention to detail . she did not even finish the pedicure she passed on the nail polish of it to someone else , then seemed surprised and asked me twice if i was sure to give her 18 % tip . the water was hot , the foot tub dirty she drained it again after noticing it was dirty . she twisted toes so rough when cleaning cuticles and cutting nails . she was lazy and simply terrible . skyla did my manicure and although very sweet girl , she was also rushed and did not soak my nails . while i was walking to rinse my nails the woman who did my pedicure cut me off and went to sink to rinse some dishes and took her time doing so . it was a disappointment and still have n't found a good nail salon in green valley henderson .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "everything is $ 5 extra for this and $ 5 that . i did n't understand that it was $ 5 more for less polish to create a french tip . makes no sense . the nail tech tore up my skin . probably wo n't go back there . $ 45 for a full set is not a great price . not too mention i kept telling her my nail is crooked and she insisted its was n't . not if quality !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there is no better salon in henderson than this one . i 've followed skyla for a year now and i 've never gone anywhere else . ( i live in north las vegas and drive to henderson just to go to her . ) my nails , pedis and eyebrows are always perfect . you can show her any picture of nails you like and she 'll recreate them better than the picture . her husband and her are wonderful and the new salon is beautiful . i recommend them to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice place to go to for full set and pedicure , friendly , clean . pedi was forceful and relaxing . hot towel on legs and feet ! will return ! offered no charge beverages .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "entered as a walk-in and requested a disney theme pedicure . i love how it turned out and i loved the service . i 'll return for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saw the new nail salon that just opened up in the same complex i work out in so i decided to stop in . the owners were so nice and they did a fantastic job on my pedi ! they were very knowledgable and even helped educate me on my foot issues . i 'll definitely be frequently this place ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live in arizona and i was visiting for the week . i found this nail salon close to where i was staying . saw some of the reviews , and headed on in for a girls ( daughter ) treat . my fills were done in seven minutes ! i was very weary of their outcome . however , a month later , yes a month ; i removed my nail polish to find one set of beautiful nails ! this will be my go-to place in vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . im not much for getting my nails done , but this is definitely a place i 'll return . they are very nice , held a conversation , and took care of me and my fiance fully . highly recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have enjoyed coming to pq nails for years -- they do a great job , it is very clean , and the man and woman who run the shop give wonderful customer service and are very attentive . but , i showed up today for a pedi and as soon as i walked in the door it felt different . i could tell right away that it was under new management . the place was cluttered . messy . the 3 workers barely acknowledged me . and then my pedi began . it seriously felt like this guy had given maybe at dozen pedis ( at most ) ever . it felt jumbled as he moved through the steps , the careful touch i was used to was gone , and at several points it was painful . needless to say , i will not be returning . which makes me sad because i have enjoyed coming here -- but that has all changed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my girlfriend went here and came back very upset . they cut too deep into her cuticles and were very inexperienced . they were unable to put gel on ! my poor baby wasted over an hour of her time and came back with nails worse than before she went .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome ! ! that is what i would call this place . it is run by a younger generation and seem very sweet . they easily understand what you are asking for and i was amazed at the expertise that they showcased with the gel nails that i got today . very friendly enviroment , clean and quiet . just absolutely amazing . my new place . oh , did i mention fair priced too ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just found this salon yesterday while driving through the parking lot , and thought i 'd give it a try today ! it was the best pedicure experience i have ever had in las vegas ! i have been to dozens of nail spas over the years ( not just vegas ) , and since returning to vegas henderson , i have been looking for a place to go with frequency . i believe i have found it ! sean and skyla were awesome ! they are friendly , and do a fantastic job ! i was not disappointed . i would definitely recommend to friends and family . great place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best nail salon i have found in vegas . great owners and relaxing environment . no.sports on tv ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not waste your money here . i got a $ 35 gel manicure which chipped before i even got to the stoplight outside of the parking lot . the polish is all over my cuticles , so it looks messy and peels easily . i went back in to ask for a refund and was told my only option was to get them redone . no way was i going to let the same guy do them when he already ruined them once . they said because i did n't let him use a drill the cuticles were in the way , which is funny because drills do n't remove cuticles and i have had plenty of gels done without drilling for years . on top of that , the hand and arm massage with my manicure was painful and rushed . is it possible to give negative star ratings ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is great ! i came to henderson to visit my mom and we decided to treat ourselves to a mani pedi . this place is very clean and very thorough with their pedicures . they offer different types of pedicure options . my favorite is they offer paraffin treatment which i utilized for my hands which were extremely dry . they have opi and china glaze polish . i will definitely return when i come visit again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best nail place in nevada ! ! i have tried so many , i am very picky and when they opened i tried them out and have gone ever since . sean is awesome at pedicures . his wife is another awesome one . love ya guys ! ! thanks for the best work ever .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very happy with the service , however i called ahead of time to schedule my appointment . i asked how much for a gel manicure , they told me $ 20 . i did n't get any fancy nail design , just a french manicure . it took her 20 minutes . so far so good . but when i went to pay , she said $ 35 . i just want to go to a nail salon that does n't misquote cost and does n't sneak in additional services and then tell me later i have to pay for it . i will not be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome ! ! ! check out my minnie nails ! clean place and very accommodating . i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "skyla does an awesome job and is very nice . they are little high tech compare to other nail places . if you pay cash than you get a punch card . the place is clean and the staff is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this nail salon ! it is very clean and they do an amazing job . they are also very friendly and time efficient . will definitely keep coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would use three words to describe this salon . `` the absolute best ! '' from acrylics to gels everything is always outstanding . i always look forward to getting my nails done . i have been getting my nails done with skyla for about three to four years and i have never been disappointed . i change up how i want my nails and she always does it even better than i imagined . they are a busy salon but always use great teamwork to make sure they get you in and out . always polite offering a drink . very clean and nice inside . i would n't go anywhere else and would recommend this salon to anyone and everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hello , this review was from when i went about two weeks ago . just got around to writing the review . i apologize but i did not get her name . small lady with black hair and high flip flop shoes . that is all i remember", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! my gel manicures last until my nails get too long . best pedicure massage ! very clean . friendly and extremely gracious", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love it here ! i 've been going to skyla for about a year now . she 's incredibly talented and is always kind . she instinctively knows what you want . check this place out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love skyla ! her nails last and she does great art . they are so friendly and we just realized that i have been going to her for 3 years . i post pics on here so check them out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a pedicure from skylah about a week and a half ago . i have ingrown toenails and i have always had them cut back with a pedicure at other places . skylah literally ripped them out , and my toes were bleeding . i should have walked out then , but of course she put my feet back in the bowl , which really freaked me out now having open wounds . well a week and a half later i am still fighting infections on my big toes . i 'm so disgusted and am afraid to ever get another pedicure . i would never go back there ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "have been here twice in the past month . nothing but great . everyone is friendly and attentive . this place is new to me but if there are new owners i have no complaints . much better than most of the overpriced terrible places in the area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they do a great job and are very friendly . i love that their tools are sealed and sanitized . they also have a card that gives you a free manicure after so many times there . two thumb up ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would n't even give this 1 star but i have to . the girl messed up my gel and tried to just cover it up . i could n't waste another hour getting it fixed . they did n't apologize then charged me full price and i have to go somewhere else to fix it . horrible . i would n't recommend to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fantastic new nail salon ! i 'm super picky x10 & skylar gave me an new set of acrylics exactly how i like !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! super clean . great service from sean and skyla . the best service i 've ever had from a nail salon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely selective when it comes to nail salons . when you walk in , you first notice how incredibly clean the establishment is . that is always a good sign . sean was amazing at my pedicure which included hot towels . he was super nice and thoughtful . by far the best foot massage i have ever had with a pedicure . the price was a little pricey at $ 25 but it was worth the money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this would be my third visit and i keep coming back for a reason ! ! ! shaun and skyla make a great team and i will always go to her for my gel mani ! ! ! and i love that they always have newer movies playing i get caught up watching and it makes the time fly by .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sehr gro\u00dfe auswahl an italienischen , indischen und chinesischen gerichten . + f\u00fcr die pizzen , die deutlich besser sind als die der mitbewerber . + f\u00fcr die indischen gerichte . - f\u00fcr die chinesischen gerichte , die irgendwie alle gleich schmecken . -- f\u00fcr die viel zu lange lieferdauer ( manchmal erst nach \u00fcber 1 stunde ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "indisch ist sehr gut . hier kann man gut essen zwischendurch . der service an der t\u00fcr ist immer freundlich , sonderw\u00fcnschen wird nachgekommen . aber eben ein pizzaservice , nat\u00fcrlich nicht in restaurant qualit\u00e4t .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "piizzaboden ganz ok d\u00fcnn in richtung knusprig belag ordentlich k\u00e4se mit zu wenig geschmack gleiches gilt f\u00fcr die allgemeine w\u00fcrzung : eher dezent pizzab\u00e4ckerei eher schmuddelig . theke verklebt die 3 stoffst\u00fchle wie die ausliegenden flyer versabbert", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ich bestelle nur noch bei smart pizza . die pizza ist echt lecker . der rest geht so vom geschmack , ist nicht immer gleich .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the worst place to take your car to ! i can not emphasize enough how awful their service is . we had a collision with a deer and it took them a month and a half to fix our car . they promised us that it would be done two weeks before they actually finished it and even then when i came to pick it up it was still full of glass and had to be taken back to be vacuumed out twice ! and our car is still full of glass ! the customer service is beyond awful , they are next to impossible to get ahold of , consistently gave incorrect information , and in general seemed to have no clue what was going on with our car . i will never go back to this completely incompetent body shop !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this collision center has made me never ever want to buy another car from cochran again ! i was in a accident in early december , i did not receive the quote until mid to late january . i then did n't receive the fixed car until march . when i received the car back the trim was all wrong the heater did not work and one headlight did not work and today i found out the windshield wiper fluid container leaks . to top it off no one would return my phone calls and they were completely unprofessional . i will never recommend cochran to anyone because of this experience . i have had to shell out money from my own pockets to fix their mistakes because i am exhausted from trying to get my car fixed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just moved here and made a boo boo on my car for the first time aaa recommended here because i was just going to use my insurance . it took about a week and a half to get it fixed . the workers were all friendly . daniel roberts was the collision center advisor and he kept me posted on my car status . got my rental their because enterprise had a station there so that was nice and convenient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to afghan village today . we wanted some take out food but once we saw the food table , we changed our minds . it looked like last overs from the previous day , so instead of take-out , we went to the side entrance to buy some freshly baked afghan bread . we waited to be served , but the old guy behind the counter did not seem to ave any manners or customer service skills . i told him what i wanted and after awhile he grabbed a flat bread , folded it and gave us a horrendous racist look , like as though we were aliens . i guess he only likes to serve his 'halal ' customers . the bread was not the best and needless to say , we will never go back there again . if you want great afghan breads , go to afghan supermarket on 549 markham road . they have the best baked breads and great customer service !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was in the eglinton and don mills area late last night and my friend and i wanted something simple and healthy , so we decided to try afghan village . we both ordered the chicken breast kabob dinner with rice , salad and naan bread ( $ 9.99 ) . the rice had raisin and shaved carrots in it and it was pretty good , not too dry or overly moist . the salad was somewhat disappointing , did n't seem fresh and really soggy . the main highlight was the chicken breast kabob which was outstanding , perfectly seasoned and flavoured , and very tender . the whole wheat naan bread was lightly toasted and pretty fresh for that time of night . the only slightly negative part of the experience was the service , the cashier seemed slightly confused taking basic orders and when she brought out things like the salad first , she only brought one and had to be reminded that there were two orders .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the shawarma deal looked enticing - 2 for $ 6.99 but i 'd definitely pass next time . they were n't grilled and kind of soggy . you only have the option of chicken and even then , i did n't really enjoy it . the decor is n't anything to write home about . the debit machine only works with their phone is n't in use - odd . so we had to wait until their phone was free to put our order in . i 'll try it again though , since the skewer platters look pretty yummy ! i love my afghan food !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is as authentic as koreans can get . the food is delicious ! the portions are great , the side dishes are awsome , a definite must visit when in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so satisfying ! mother in law declared she liked it better than what we had the previous night ... wynn buffet", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent . employee owner was very nice . food and quality were very good . will go back and try more - for sure !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we happened upon this place when we got lost trying to find an out-of-business thai restaurant . what a happy accident ! we came here , six of us , including two korean sisters , who declared the food better than the best of k-town in new york city . though i 'm not korean , i agree . possibly the best jap chae i 've ever had , divine banchan , and delicious , homemade-tasting everything else . this sleeper is a gem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here because jinmee bbq closed down , and we 're so glad that we tried woochon . by far the best korean food i 've had in las vegas ! ! all of the dishes we ordered were so good and did not disappoint . the clam soup was refreshing , their soybean paste soup was amazing , the seafood noodle ( jjamppong ) was refreshing and tasty . this is a smaller , quaint place and the owner is very nice and attentive . you should definitely check this place out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is truly the best korean restaurant in las vegas ... .i should know since i 'm korean-american and i 've lived in nyc , nj and eaten in la , home of the best korean food in the us . i will definitely seek woo chun out again when i return to las vegas . the owners , a couple , are so nice , friendly yet modest . the food tastes homemade , as if my momma made it for me . the seafood pajun is crunchy on the outside and stuffed with tasty seafood . the bibimbap is delicious with large slices of beef , not ground beef . the bantam ( free appetizers ) are also so tasty . definitely check it out ... you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "truly an authentic korean restaurant . the scallion pancake was crispy on the outside , stuffed with scallion on the inside . the hot stone seafood bibimbap was excellent as well . good service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally ! a good filipino bakery in az ! it 's a wonderful place to find local fresh baked filipino goods here instead of the plastic bagged ones shipped from california laden with anti-molding agents and dough conditioners . i picked up a bag of pan de sal . if you get there early enough , it will be fresh from the oven . siopao , a steamed dumpling filled with your choice of pork adobo or curried chicken is so good even after a couple of days in the fridge reheated . my little cutie pie loved the loaf of sweet bread filled with coconut jam ( macapuno ) . the meat empanada was tasteless and dry , even the dough . they serve the usual lumpia , adobo , palabok and much more for lunch . i am really impressed with their food and affordable prices . i will definitely be back to get some of the meryenda ( glutinous rice snacks ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered a 30-35 lb lechon for $ 300 and we were greatly disappointed . the lechon was burnt and overlooked and the skin was not crispy at all . when we first picked up the lechon order , we did n't really check it but upon cutting into it , we discovered that it was burnt and skin was soggy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "small , local owned operated filipino bake shop . i only tried the 5 pack of ube ( taro ) stuffed cookies pastries and found them delicious.. the have sesame seed sprinkled on them . i wish i knew what most of it meant , but i tried my luck with the sweet ube pastry and really , really liked it ! i will be back and try more ! thanks to all those ( jason b ) that recommended pastries.. i definitely will try more out next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "be careful if you ever want to order `` lechon '' at this place . we ordered what they claimed was a 33lb lechon with the price of close to $ 300 . surprise surprise because when we started chopping the pig , the whole bottom stomach part of the lechon was completely gone . the part where you are supposed to stuff the pig ? yes it was not included . when we called to complain , they have the nerve to give me the attitude saying `` that 's how it 's always been '' like it was my first time to see a lechon ? this heavenly bake shop is a cheat ! ! ! i will not order from this place again ! check out the photo , the whole bottom of this pig is not included .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lechon ! i had heard of this delicious pork dish from watching travel shows , and was excited to see they sold it here . i got a pound to go , and it was all that i hoped it would be ! the pork is slow roasted for a long time to get a very crispy and crunchy skin , kind of like a pork chip ! the meat was very tender and full of flavor ( and fat ! do n't think for a minute this is healthy for you ! ) they included a special tangy-sweet gravy to dip the lechon in , which was wonderful . i did not try any of the pastries , but they did look delectable . they also sell chicharron for those that want to snack on something pork-like as well . the lady at the counter was very nice and friendly . if i want to go into a pork-coma again this is the place to go ! lechon : $ 8.50 per pound , sold on the weekends chicharron : ~ $ 2 for 2 ounces", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ordered lechon for christmas and it was by far the worst lechon i have ever tasted . the skin was not crispy and it was way too salty . our guests hardly touched the lechon . and what is the deal with the box they put the lechon ? it had shoe marks all over it ! ! ! ! im thinking it was a box that was on the floor , they walked over it and they assembled it and put the lechon inside . unbelievable ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has everything ! ! i stopped by on a saturday afternoon for the first time and was so surprised at how different it was from previous owners in this location . all items are baked fresh on the premises and every rack and shelf was full of goodies to choose from . my haul included hopia with mongo beans , espasol , palitaw , ginataan , puto bumbong , an ube loaf , turon , vegetable lumpia , a container of tokwat baboy , and i could n't pass up a lb.of lechon for $ 8.50 i will be back very soon , besides the ready to eat food , they also had for purchase , bags of lumpia that you could take and cook at home . i 'm so thrilled they owners decided to come out of retirement and open this wonderful bakeshop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped here mid-afternoon on a weekday for pandesal . they had a large selection , but asked if i was willing to wait 5 minutes for fresh ones . waiting for the pandesal , i purchased an ube roll and brazo de mercedes . everything had a traditional flavor and was fairly fresh except for the ube roll .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a filipino bakery in arizona ? yes ! stopped in after shopping for groceries at the lee lee 's in the same complex and buying drinks at the boba tea house down the row . stepped in and was surprised to find ube , pan de sal , manapua , empanadas , and even adobo . very tasty and reminded me of hawai'i . definitely worth the visit and food fix .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fresh pandesal and lechon ! ! ! ! one pound is more more than enough for 3 people . they also have crispy pata and chicharin bulaklak . both i 'll try when i go back next week . so glad there 's a place here in chandler that could satisfy my craving for lechon at a very affordable price . $ 8.95 for a pound . i also got the fresh pandesal . it was light and fluffy but a bit too sweet for my taste .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a small filipino bake shop . do n't expect the confectionary or pastry that you would find at a japanese bakery , as their main focus seems to be on savory meat buns , plus a cheese-filled ones and some flan in the pastry case . i picked up a baked chicken bun from the front counter ( not the fridge ) . the bread was pretty good though quite dense and without a lot of flavor . it did have some sweetness that i enjoyed ( second ingredient was sugar ) . the finely shredded chicken inside was very moist and had a nice balance of sweet salty savory from the garlic , oyster sauce , and pepper . while it was n't as fluffy as other buns , the flavor of the meat definitely was a step above others , and the gentleman working the counter was cordial .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so excited to eat here today but decided to take out food instead . the lechon looks so good and crispy but when i got home , only the top part is great but everything else beneath the one-pound order is burnt . dang it ! do n't sell the burnt lechon meat coz you 're gon na lose customers and worse , first timers will not recommend you to others ... get it ? and the pork bbq ? oh i thought i was served adobo in a stick . soooo sour ! but the cheese bread is good at least .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "lechon . 'nuff said . you can get lechon on the weekends by the pound and we got two pounds with lots of crunchy skin ! so good . worth it ! of course when we were there i saw all the desserts and could n't resist . not the best bakery , but i enjoyed getting to eat filipino desserts while i was in phoenix . lechon , go get it !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "well , we 've been here twice now . first time we got pancit . it was salty . not horrible but not great . today we mostly bought baked goods . the pan de sal was mediocre . the baliwag was mediocre . the puto bungbong was very disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love filipino food . ever since ginger root decided to close . i 've been looking for a good filipino restaurant and i think this is the place . sisig over rice . lechon laing and the desserts are on poooooint . always hits the spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come to heavenly bakeshop because of their food . their tulingan is similar to our sinaing na isda in batangas . they have variety of choices too , from entree to desserts . i will always come back for more filipino food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried to call in an order , and told the person on the phone i wanted pancit but with certain veggies withheld . he seemed confused , and said he `` could n't do that '' . so i thanked him and hung up . i guess he 's not used to catering to customers ' preferences .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "virtually always have a pleasant experience here . service is warm and friendly . love some of their pastry selections . lechon on sundays ! woo hoo will definitely return . again ! ^_^", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent food and worth the money . they provide great portions and the food is fresh , especially the lumpia , lechon , and caldereta . this place beats jeepney bistro and it 's worth the drive from tucson . i will keep coming here to get my food after a long day of shopping at lee lee 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally was able to try this place out . we ordered the cheese bread , pork bbq , soipao , and the fried bangos . the cheese bread is amazing . the pork bbq was ok . the meat was too lean . the soipao would be perfect but there was barely any meat . the fried bangos had too many fish bones . it was too much work so i did not eat it . the service was excellent and the employees were really nice . if they put more meat in the soipao i would definitely buy it again and even pay a little more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good pandesal bread . i travel here just for it . i recently bought siaopao style chicken buns and find that everyone has their definition as to what it tastes like . i would say it tastes good enough to quench a hungry stomach . i am only learning now that you could order food to be catered and to eat in . i think next time i 'll try it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "steamed buns = catherine zeta jones in the movie entrapment pork n rice = san fransisco 49ers in the 80 's service = pete sampras", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wanted to order whole lechon ( whole roasted pig ) for a party , inquire less than 2 weeks the price of the lechon ( whole roasted pig ) was $ 280 for 45 lbs of meat . now because of the coming holiday season the price is $ 330 for a lechon ( whole roasted pig ) . what a price increase hike ! in less than 2 weeks for a whole lechon ( whole roasted pig ) . $ 50 increase in less than 2 weeks ? what a highway robbery for the price ! forget it ! i will look somewhere else . not this place anymore .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it such a hole in a wall type of bakery . although i have not tasted this food . they do have some authentic filipino foods . my husband tried the ensaymada he said it was okay . i will go back just to try couple things . 2 star for now until i have a chance to try their foods .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great lumpia and awesome service . thanks for doing a huge order with very short notice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "avec la popularit\u00e9 fulgurante de ce restaurant , je m'attendais aux meilleures soupes du monde . j'en ai essay\u00e9 2 , elles \u00e9taient bonnes , mais pas \u00e0 ce lancer sur les murs . ce qui est int\u00e9ressant , c'est qu'elles sont disponibles en 3 formats diff\u00e9rents . pour ce qui est des sandwichs , il est possible d'en prendre un complet ou un demi . encore une fois , c'est bon , mais je me fais de meilleurs sandwichs \u00e0 la maison . j'adore le d\u00e9cor . chacun des 6 restaurants soupe soup a un d\u00e9cor diff\u00e9rent . celui de la rue duluth est tr\u00e8s rustique et chaleureux . des murs en bois d\u00e9cor\u00e9s de tableaux d'ardoise sur lesquels sont inscrits les menus . des tables en bois ou en c\u00e9ramiques color\u00e9es . c'est mignon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "la soupe froide du jour aux agrumes \u00e9tait d\u00e9licieuse . j'aime le concept que l'on puisse choisir le format du bol : petit , moyen ou grand . m\u00eame chose pour les sandwichs , les petits estomacs seront contents de savoir qu'on peut choisir la demie-portion . je ne sais pas \u00e0 quelle boulangerie ils s'approvisionnent , mais le pain baguette \u00e9tait sublime . l'ambiance est tr\u00e8s familiale et peu achaland\u00e9e les jours de la semaine , on peut donc s'installer pour travailler quelques heures en apr\u00e8s-midi . la vue sur la rue duluth est tr\u00e8s charmante . prix tr\u00e8s raisonnable , 10 $ pour une petite soupe et un demi-sandwich qui m'ont rassasi\u00e9s pour le lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not a big fan of this restaurant at all . everyone in there were so pretentious . after all , it 's just sandwich and soup . the sandwich bread was so tough to bite into , it was very dry . the soup was okay . i have to admit that they have a nice decor , but that was it . the waitress did not give me a single smile . i would never go back to this place where everyone was pretending they were in a micheline restaurant . i would prefer a warm and welcoming restaurant to have soup and sandwich and pay half the price .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "being just around the corner from my girlfriend 's apartment , it was just too easy to slip into this cozy bistro located on duluth 's cobblestones . the soups and sandwiches always rotate and are consistently incredible . get the combo so you can try one of each . the freshly baked breads and espresso are also exceptional . the one thing you can not miss when you go here though is their pouding ch\u00f4meur , probably my favorite dessert of all time . this maple syrup masterpiece , by itself , earns soupesoup my maximum approval .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute little place . i like the whole concept . i just wish they put a little more something something on the plate . they dumped the combo option which i liked . if you split it up now it 's a little on the pricey side . they also run out of sandwiches fairly quickly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for lunch breaks for the past week and have been consistently pleased with the quality of food they offer . i have tried both the green salad as well as the quinoa bio salad and would say that they 're both decently hearty so you would n't be hungry a hour later . as for soups , i usually go for the lightest tastes , which are usually vegetable based , and i quite enjoy them . i prefer the location on crescent st. or mont-royal , but the soups themselves taste the same ! would definitely recommend to all those who want a lighter lunch !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a very cute place . the food tasted pretty good ... but not a good value at all . for fifteen dollars i got a tiny sandwich ( but delicious ) and a very average tomato salad . everything did taste fresh , but it felt a bit boring and they did n't pay as much attention to detail as i would 've liked . the waitress was not friendly at all . i tried their gazpacho on a different occasion and it was delicious , but they got rid of the combos , which i really do n't like .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "j'adore ce restaurant ! a 10 minutes a pied de mon travail , c'est un endroit ou j'aime bien aller lorsqu'il fait beau et que je peux faire la marche . le menu change tous les jours . vous avez le choix de combo entre les salades , soupes et sandwich . normalement , la portion id\u00e9ale pour moi est la grande soupe et le demi-sandwich . le m\u00e9lange des saveurs peut parfois sembler \u00e9trange , mais je suis toujours agr\u00e9ablement surprise ! options v\u00e9g\u00e9tariennes pour les int\u00e9ress\u00e9s . mon classique : le grilled-cheese sur ciabatta avec chou marin\u00e9 maison . mmmmmm ! ! ! comme dessert : le fameux brownie \u00e0 la cardamone ! le prix est un peu intense pour un lunch , mais \u00e7a vaut toujours la peine de savoir que tout est fait maison et frais . le resto est toujours plein les midis de semaine alors se pr\u00e9voir un plan b dans le coin si vous n'avez pas beaucoup de temps . bon app\u00e9tit ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "boeuf and aubergine soups were yummy for a cold day . they hit the spot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a delicious salad and soup , and the rest of the menu looked good too . the wait for service was a little longer than expected ( i think they only had two wait staff working ) , but the server made up for it with a yummy coffee on the house .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you would think after leaving this place with one server and chalk board menus in french i would be upset , no . no , that was not the case . the manhattan clam chowder was like no other with the freshest ingredients . enjoy the moment , hang out with good company , and enjoy your meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "soupesoup is hit or miss with the soups themselves . i have had delicious ones but more often have had watery , tasteless ones . the sandwiches are ok but overpriced . i always do appreciate places that offer soup half sandwich deals but here you need to buy them separately . meh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "les soupes sont originales , pas trop chers et avec beaucoup de saveurs . pas assez de pain a mon gout qui vient avec la soupe . les grilled cheese sont a connaitre car tes gouteux aussi", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , for even cheaper , we can better at premi\u00e8re moisson for the same amount of food . i understand that soupesoup has a very interesting concept and is conscious about health and well-being but to us , customer service is also very important , if not more ! would we recommend you trying out soupesoup ? of course , yes ! but perhaps in another location . read more on http : theforbiddenmeal.com 2015 03 23 soupesoup-healthy-food-option-while-its-still-cold", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the service was fantastic and o.m.g . the food was soooooo delicious ! my husband and i chose this place looking for something healthier to eat and this place really hit the spot ! and did i mention delicious ? ? we shared a salad that had red quinoa and beets - i 'd like to mention that neither my husband or i like beets- and it was very filling and so good . we also shared this ciabatta sandwich with turkey and mango and tomato and i have no idea what else but the mix of flavors were amazing ! i definitely recommend this sweet cafe !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute spot with tasty , simple plates of food . perfect for a light meal . the grilled cheese , tomato soup and beef sandwich all quite flavorful . friendly workers here took care of us .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was freezing cold and soupesoup saved us from hunger . the spicy chicken hot pressed sandwich was light , yummy and great with hot soup . the only minor drawback was it does not accept credit card and only accepts cash or canadian debit card .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "who does n't love grilled cheese sandwiches with tomato soup ? this was the best grilled cheese and tomato soup i 've had ! ! a little on the expensive side , but was a delicious lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic little family run restaurant with unique soups served with great bread . if you like a little variety , go for a soup and sandwich combo , they 're pretty well all great . personally i prefer the duluth location to the one on st-viateur , but they 're both good . i 'd recommend a soup or sandwich , but its changing all the time ; be adventurous and try something new !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm pretty impressed with this place . tonight i ate the invitation-only training run preparing for the official opening tomorrow . this place was packed . considering the inexperience of this new staff everything was acceptable . you 'd never know this staff and restaurant was brand new . the line was very very long . it wrapped around the inside dining room . the cashiers moved people through as quickly as possible . some of the slowness was due to the customers not being familiar with the menu and having trouble what to order . my food came out correctly . i got the # 4 combo consisting of a single patty burger and a hot dog with fries and a drink . i also got a chocolate custard . every item was great . the thincut fries were wonderful . even my son ( mr. picky ) enjoyed his meal ( double patty pattymelt ) i look very forward to returning to this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i tried freddy 's yesterday when i saw it was open and i was not disappointed . i got the double california burger ( cause i knew the burgers were thin ) and i think that was a good choice , cause it was just the right size . it was seasoned just right and very tasty . i got fries and they offered me ketchup or fry sauce and i said `` oh , i 'll try the fry sauce '' . loved it , could eat it on a flip flop . the fries are very thin so not my favorite but they were good , especially slathered in fry sauce : ) . i ca n't wait to go back to try a dessert . i saw one that was vanilla custard with peanut butter cups and banana that was calling my name .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "burgers were outstanding . patties had a wonderful texture mouthfeel and all the toppings were very fresh . i thought the serving size might have been a little small for what you pay , but you 're definitely getting quality ingredients . the shoestring fries were very crispy and served hot , made to order . spot on ! i 've gotten them to go as well , they 're still good but definitely best eaten as soon as the order comes out ( as with just about any french fry ) . the custards and 'concretes ' were great as well . velvety texture with a great flavor . i got the turtle style concrete and my girlfriend had one of the ready-made ice cream sandwiches . restaurant is brand new , so unsurprisingly the place is clean and everything looks in order . the ordering was a little slow the first time around , but it appears they 're still training several people all at once . food came out perfect so no complaints there . a great new chain for the area , looking forward to my next visit !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first visit was a huge surprise ! i went on the sunday after the new location opened and ordered 3 meals and 3 sundaes . yes , there was a long wait but i expected that being that they were newly opened . what i did n't expect was to get to the window and the cashier to say , `` sorry about the wait , your meal is on us . '' made me day ! the food was pretty good ! we loved the burgers , and the hotdogs were very good . the sundaes were delicious : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 'll call this my farewell letter to bar . when i moved here 12 years ago , this was the first bar i went to in uptown charlotte . you remember those days back in your early 20s . i have a lot of good friends who worked here at some point over the last 20 years . it 's a dive bar where everyone has a story of some sort . thank you bar charlotte for 21 years of amazing people watching , dancing on the bar , half naked girls on the swing , jello and test tube shots , bartenders hanging from the ceiling , bar crawls , flying napkins , bar stickers slapped on asses , midgets , reality show `` celeb '' nights , sirens , smoke machines , and cheap drinks . i 'm excited to see the next chapter unfold for this location .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so i went to bar charlotte on a saturday night around midnight . i had never been there before , or seen any reviews for it . after reading other reviews here on yelp i can see how some people might get the impressions they expressed here . however , i am an older , single , woman and i had a great time . yes , it is loud and the cover is a little high , but i loved the fun , energetic atmosphere . it 's a dance club , not a place to go and hold conversations . it is a place to go shake what your mama gave you ! i can not wait to go again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , i 've been here a total of 2 times and both times i 've confirmed one thing . this really is n't somewhere i want to be . very young crowd normally in here and i 've equated bulls in bars to be something that just does n't sit well with seeking a more mature crowd . but i highly doubt the owners of bar really care because the place does get packed and the youngin 's there seem to really love the place . the music they play seems to be a good mix , they go through a cycle of typical club hits and some 70 's throwback .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you 're a black male do n't go to bar charlotte , they are racist . i was denied entry on 12 21 12 . the door man , said i was denied entry because of my boots.on the website it says that the dress code was no construction boots , which i clearly had on aldo boots . i am a successful , preppy looking black guy . this has never happened to me before at any other club downtown.i cant believe people are still bigots and its about be 2013 : cc", "score": "1"}
{"review": "3 star experience everyone had . i guess you can call me a bar charlotte aut\u00e9ntico customer . i spent my 21st birthday here , every girls night out here from 18-20 . if your looking for a professional college house party , then bar charlotte is where you wan na be . pros about this place - mechanical bull , security guard who look like they play no games . bar-top dancing , dance cages , awesome dj with variety of music to dance to , and awesome funny bouncers and security guards . cons that gave this place a 3 - bathrooms are scary to walk in plus no bathroom attendees . drink prices are high . not a lot of bar charlotte girls left . not alot of staff i remember seeing over the years . i love bar charlotte and will continue to go just because it 's my kind of bar i can just `` let my hair down and party like there 's no tomorrow `` but i 'm really hopping these things can get fix soon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "in the same ( horrible ) vein as the next door have a nice day , this place is the definition of 'meat market ' . a dark , dimly lit , sweaty joint where oversexed teenagers and college-age kids go to bump and grind to obnoxious rap and house music . for some reason this place is often crowded , and the bathrooms are an exercise in survival , as you either get accosted by drunk or drugged-out people while in line or by the guy in the monkey-suit trying to get you to buy some smell-good or tip him as you 're leaving . horrible way to spend an evening if you like good music , care to be around people who respect themselves , and if you care to have a meaningful conversation with anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the bar itself is good and the servers do a great job but man do the patrons suck ! i went once and some guy decided to `` make it rain '' and started flipping out because dudes were picking up the money . if you 're dumb enough to throw a pile of money in to the air you better bet your ass that us broke college kids are going to pick it up ! it 's also predominantly african american ( or at least it was when i went ) which is totally fine but some of them looked like gang members . i 'm sure i 'll get called racist for that but it 's the honest truth . i also saw a lot of people getting upset over the dumbest stuff ... like getting their shoes stepped on , while standing in the middle of the dance floor ! i will say they had a great deal on drinks when i went ! $ 1 for anything !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my instinct always told me that i should skip this place . should have listened . it was just gross ; literally and figuratively . i was afraid to see what i was stepping on out on the dance floor . music was good , drinks were surprisingly decent . but oh , the other club patrons ... i appreciate a little adult fun time dancing as much as the next gal , but it was just sleazy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they had a free if you come before eleven policy ; only reason my friends and i started going there . they changed it without notice , i 'm a little bitter . it 's 10 or 20 bucks now after 11 . it 's not worth it . the swing is cool .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "oh bar.. bringing my friends here this weekend and looked it up to show them what it 's like . while all these reviews are true , they 're so funny and given by the wrong ppl . have been a patron since college and underage days . never have had the same experience twice in bar charlotte , but they all were epic . threw a bachlorette here and they accompanied me at the very last minute with a private table and a bottle of champagne . if you 're looking to have a strong drink , dance , and get out of town and away from everyone you know you 're in the right place . if you 're looking for a hilariously fun bachlorette , you 're in the right place . if you want your new fashion muddled by a pretentious hipster with a handlebar mustache , you 're in the wrong place . get a new experience , get out of your comfort zone , check it out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when bar charlotte turns into a teen dance club it is fun . i enjoy it and my friends enjoy it and are always asking me when it is open again . it is better than club karma at myrtle beach in my opinion . i like the music . it 's not your everyday stuff . it is actual remixes instead of the dj playing stuff off pandora . at the paint party it smelled like dog in there . other than that it is a good time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to charlotte for a bachelor party didnt know where to go so went to bar of charlotte , figured it would be a upscale bar , ha no so trashy and nasty .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worse than cans . and that 's saying something !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the bar was really fun ! i had never been to a place like this before and did n't know what to expect . the drinks and music were really good . my husband and i had a blast and will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dancing around in a circle . i was n't drunk . i was just literally dancing . i did n't touch anyone . the asian guy with a mohawk did n't like me and kicked me out . he said i touch a bar tender yet the bar tenders were n't even out on the floor . worst bar ever . never going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow ! went here one time sober . told myself i 'd never go there again . so trashy ! two weekends and half a handle of tequila later i 'm back in this ratchet-fest . the bar is absolutely terrible . if you like going places just for the stories the next morning this is your place . shots out of bartenders tits.. check . people getting spanked by a paddle on the bar.. check . the most disgusting people in charlotte go here to get down . you know what you 're getting with this place . definitely one for the books . hope i never go back here again . it was good for one drunken night . if you 're sober stay away .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we were out of town and just wanted a spot to dance and have fun . i would say this place has fairly inexpensive drinks and the atmosphere is really hype ! we went on a fri night and the cover was $ 15 , which i think is a bit much . the music was mostly hip hop with some top 40s in the mix . the crowd is anywhere from 18-23 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is about the only place in charlotte that 's under 21 on the weekends . it has a young fairly skanky crowd but if your just looking to dance and go out it will work . it 's about double the cover price of most other bars clubs in charlotte . it has a swing a bull and 2 cages which can give some pretty interesting or alarming views . not the classiest or most interesting place , but it will do .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here twice this weekend . is it worth the $ 15 cover on fridays ? not really . i thought it was a bit too much . if you 're into seeing old creepy men looking up your skirt , overpriced drinks , half naked bar girls spanking you with a paddle and acting like a drunk fool on the mechanical bull , well you found a lovely place . the dj was great though . nice mix of pop and hip hop music .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bar charlotte is a place where golddiggers go to listen to pop rap and find sugar daddies . there is a huge dancefloor in the center of the bar with sweaty eighteen year olds bumping and grinding on one another , and half naked girls dancing on bars and tabletops . i really would not recommend this joint to anyone who has any real taste in music and or respect for themselves . the drinks are overpriced , and the girls are underage . save your time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "beau petit caf\u00e9 bien situer \u00e0 l'entr\u00e9 du palais des congr\u00e8s nourriture bonne et les boisson aussi", "score": "4"}
{"review": "location location location ! i usually do n't visit van houtte as the coffee is not my cup of coffee ? ! this location is just so convenient , located right inside palais des congres . great to chill out a little in between my beer drinking ( i was there during beer fest ! ) have a coffee before my beer drinking in the morning ... plenty of seating and free unsecured wifi ! there are 2 outlets for your electronic needs : great for me to charge up my dying phone ! of course there are other options in the area , but during winter you do n't even need to go outside in the cold at all ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice service personnel . espresso had a good taste . no hurry to leave the table . wlan for guests available .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ein weiteres ketten-kaffee mit d\u00fcnner w\u00e4ssriger br\u00fche und m\u00e4\u00dfigem service . innerhalb des kongresszentrum sicher der beste , dennoch sicher nicht empfehlenswert . lieber 10 min fu\u00dfweg zur espressobar und dort sie gute qualit\u00e4t genie\u00dfen .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "let me begin by stating that the coffee here is 5-stars , which is to be expected from a well-known coffee chain . the food is sub par since it is pre-made and simply heated , comparable to starbuck 's . service was quick with hardly any wait at all .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "seems like this was the one we went to . could have sworn another one here that says `` closed '' was actually where we were , but whatever . same area . decent , but not five-star , french canadian breakfast sandwiches . what do you want for basically a fast food place ? the cafe americano rules , though . got super-jacked drinking one of those . if their other coffees are this good , then they got a lot going for them . service is fantastic !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only needed 4 sunscreens to be redone so i brought them to the place of business . this saved me some money and was job completed in a reasonable amount of time , considering it is now the busy season . after i picked them up , one of the screens , which had a new frame , did not fit . i called mark and he said to bring it down and he would reduce it which he did right away . let me explain that the reason the new frame did not fit is because the old frame was bent to fit into the glass block window depression . i should have taken this into consideration when i asked for a new frame . mark not only reduced it to the dimmensions that it should have been , but he also gave me some hardware for free so that i could install it propoerly . i would recommend sunscreens by mark !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was n't able to use this vendor because they were booked solid . got a call back the next day . very polite and helpful . took time to hear by issue , and advise what another vendor should be charging me", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred to mark , the owner of sunscreens by mark and i must admit he did a great job . he was very helpful in many ways . he explained the whole process from purchasing the type of sunscreens and installing them . he does not do shortcuts nor let his crew do shortcuts . he also suggested on other things , like how to keep the garage cool ( buying insulation for the steel garage door ) . he is very friendly and he is on every install jobs . having an owner being on a job-site is a huge plus and also was referred by my neighbor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sunscreens by mark lived up to their promises . the screens were professionally made and installed . they look great and the house is cooler . price was very competitive with others . now i 'm looking forward to my srp rebate and lower utility bills . thanks mark .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mark is awesome ! ! ! we had him come out and give us a quote for solar screens for our home and we liked him so much that we ended up going with him right there vs getting multiple quotes . him and fransico came out to install our screens a few weeks later and did such a beautiful job ! ! i couldnt believe how much of a difference they made right away ! ! he even fixed our screen door that a previous company had installed years ago . i cant say enough good things about him and the work he does . its so hard to find good hard working people these days so we are so lucky to have found him . thanks mark for everything ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! ! screens were placed in a timely manner , friendly , no mess . my house is so much cooler . i would recommend mark to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called last week and left a voicemail and asked for him to call me back . i waited a few days and i have yet to hear back . not good customer service at all and i 'm quite surprised because of the good reviews . lost my business and so i 'll find another company to help .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a great company ! the shades are custom fabricated and for the first time since i bought my home in 2004 i can actually easily remove the screens to wash the windows . the screens look fantastic and the pricing was fair and reasonable . i would highly recommend sunscreens by mark !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mark did an incredibly perfect custom manufacture and installation of sunscreens for the entire house . slight issue ( by sales ) at the beginning was handled immediately by mark in a professional and definitive manor . great , incredibly fast service , and high quality result . we are more than pleased , and highly recommend sunscreen 's by mark . pricing was also very fair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tremendous service ! prompt and professional . the quality of the product is top notch . and great pricing . i need another house just so i can get more screens ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had mark repair some of the screens for my home . he did an amazing job and had some of the better pricing i found in the valley . you can tell he and his staff take pride in what they do . when i let him know i had done a few screens myself and had some issues , he walked me step by step thru the entire process and showed me were i was messing up . honestly if you need your screens repaired or replaced , you wo n't find a better place i town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had our skylight screen and box replaced along with many other sunscreens redone by mark . his craftsmanship , materials and service are great quality . mark did a follow-up measurement to make sure the products being manufactured were accurate before installation . we will use him again for any additional sunscreens that will need to be replaced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mark really does know his trade and follows through with keeping his promise of doing a great job ! mark and garrett came to measure my nine windows for sunscreens . they manufactured them the next day and installed them the day after ... . my house is an historical 1947 brick house and with how intense this summer has been already and we are n't through with summer yet , i knew that i needed to invest in sunscreens and i was truly very lucky to find mark , he is professional , honest , caring and amazing ! i am giving out his business cards to my friends . my house is much cooler already ! thank you so much mark and garrett ... . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mark did a phenomenal job creating and installing my screens . the transformation the screens did for my home was amazing . my home is a 1947 brick home with 1947 metal windows and these screens really updated the look of my home as well as provided much needed solar protection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mark is awesome and provided us with great service and product ! we will use him again with any other homes we buy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sunscreens were reasonably priced and delivered within the promised time frame . mark personally worked with another young man to install the screens and made sure we knew how to to remove and care for them . he also called back to follow up that the screens met with our approval . that is great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have have been referring clients to mark for over two years for jobs that we get request for and are out of our scope of wrok . mark does excellent work and takes pride in his craftsmanship .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! i 'm not sure why there are n't many reviews on here it 's possible it 's new . but just google it and you 'll see many reviews from just eat . this is a great little spot . we ordered pick up for the first time today and will definitely be ordering from here again . the order time was quick ( 15mins ) , the prices were fantastic , and the quality of the food itself was outstanding . you can get the full menu on the just eat site . we ordered the manager 's special $ 17.99 large pizza , 4 pieces of garlic bread , and two drinks . you ca n't go wrong !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good pizza ( the crust is amazing ) , cheap price for the portions and toppings and never a greasy mess", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great price great pizza , here at least once a week", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! this place is terrible . my first choice was to eat at allo mon coco , but it was fully booked . i wanted breakfast in a bad way , so i decided on casey 's , what a mistake . walk into a empty restaurant , takes me 5 minutes to be seated , when i 'm finally seated it takes another 10 minutes for someone to serve me . my breakfast consisted of 3 eggs and bacon , my plate comes 15 minutes later ! ! ! what the hell . my miserable breakfast continues with my eggs being runny , and my bacon being one shade away from being burnt . my waiter disappears and only shows up 20 minutes later to ask me if everything is fine . i literary start laughing in his face and ask for the bill , and i explain to him i will never be coming back to this restaurant , good grief , what a bad joke .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty good little place for burgers and other pub type food . service has been consistent every time i 've been here . good spot for a quick bite and a few beers . they also have a terrase to enjoy the summer weather on . the bar side is pretty small , so if your going to go here for the hockey game , you better be early , and the last time i checked there was only one poorly positioned tv in the dining room area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dans la lign\u00e9e des moes , b\u00e2ton-rouge et autres chaines , le cassey n'offre rien d'extraordinaire . mixte entre une brasserie et un restaurant , les \u00e9crans g\u00e9ant prennent beaucoup de place . j'y suis aller pour un diner d'affaire rapide avec un coll\u00e8gue et quoique n'ayant pas particuli\u00e8rement mal mang\u00e9 , cassey reste un second choix pour moi . service correcte et prix correcte pour ce qu'ils offrent , sans plus .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went there for lunch on a quiet monday afternoon . it took a few minutes before someone came to greet us . not off to a good beggining . fortunately our server was quite friendly . we had the smoked meat sandwich plate with fries and the chicken brochette served with rice and fries . the smoked meat was dry , the rye bread was toasted ( ! ! ! ) and the two slices did n't even match . plus the coleslaw tasted off , like it was a few days old and not fresh . it had a bitter aftertaste too . the fries seemed homemade but were somewhat cold . the chicken brochette was burnt in some places . too bad because the rest did have a great charcoal taste . i wanted to change the rice for salad but charge 2.50 $ extra . so it was chicken plus rice and fries . not good . all in all we were not satisfied with our meal . we would have had a nicer fresher meal at mc donalds for half the price . we wo n't go back there that 's for sure .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "2 stars for the only deserved burgers we had , 0 star for the service ! the coke we ordered were warm and taste like crap , we complained and the manager said it was working great..not really honest ! and to expensive for what you getting..so if you looking for standard burgers its ok but in general , do n't really recommend .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we were in town thanksgiving ( 2010 ) weekend for a quick little visit . we decided to come to casey 's for lunch and a couple drinks - boy am i glad we did ! i ended up getting the `` du marche '' and a few rickard 's whites . the `` du marche '' sandwich was awesome - definitely something i have not had around here ( turkey , panko covered cheese , granny smith apples ) ; and the rickard 's white was basically a belgian white beer - very good ! being a visitor , i 'm always on the lookout for new beer and beer glasses . i asked the waitress , who was a very pleasant girl , if i could buy the rickard 's glass . she asked her manager , who said he would get me a price . when we were ready to leave , he said due to the holidays i could have the glass . all in all , casey 's is a very classy place - another good place to watch a game as they have tons of tvs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we called upon merry maids to help an injured relative . they were so friendly and easy to work with - we called them from out of town . we understand that the house was immaculate after they were finished cleaning . such a relief that this is one less thing to worry about . we could not be happier with the service that merry maids provides - highly professional , reliable and wonderful to work with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we hired merry maids to help clean our home before we sold it . suzanne came in and gave us a quote and setup a date for them to come and clean . when the day came to clean , only 1 person showed up , so we had to reschedule . two people finally showed up the 2nd time and did an amazing job , but supposedly took longer to clean because the neighbor came over and chatted with maids . because of this , we were charged for that extra hour . the merry maids should 've told the neighbor that they were working and that we would be charged that extra hour . this was n't even told to us when suzanne came over to give us a quote . this is a poor business practice . so disappointing since i have used them in the past ( tempe office ) and have had no problems .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i contacted them to do a move out cleaning and the quote was 867 $ , they said it was an 8 hr job and mind you they were in the house telling me it was n't that dirty lol . i had another company come do it , it took them barely 2 hr 's and it was an amazing job for only $ 270 ! ! ! do n't let them rip you off ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you book a massage here , make sure you book with rmt oleksandr . he is very knowledgable and knows which areas to target . i will be booking my next appointment with him .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst massage i 've ever had in my life . it was n't even a massage . i was booked for an `` introductory massage '' which they offer at a lower price . well , there 's a reason why it 's cheaper ... because it sucks . at no point during the `` massage '' was i ever massaged . my limbs were pulled , shaken but never was i ever massaged . when i called to complain , they offered me a discount for my next massage . why would i want to go back after i wasted my money the first time ? if i asked for a massage then i should have gotten a massage , not someone pulling my arms and legs ... ? ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been coming here for about a year . unlike the person before , i disliked oleksandr ... ..alot . worst massage ive had . but that doesnt mean he 's bad , it means that he just wasnt my cup of tea . i like ahn . i think shes great . daniela is good too . these guys are very nice . fair prices with membership too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to love their kothu and now not the same . be consistent ! ordered spicy vege kothu it was not the same .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really good asthetic looking food ! i got the roles , vadais and mixed rice . the roles and vadais were perfectly circles i was really impressed with the details ! the taste of the food was really good as well . the roles were crunchy and a good mix of spices . it was really good . the rice was okay , it was mixed with a variety of vegetables . prices are high , altogether was 20 $ , for 4 roles , 3 vadais , and a small box of rice . i went around 1pm and it was pretty empty , only 2 other customers . they do n't have a great variety of things , majority of their stuff is mixed . i just wanted simple rice but they did n't have since they had everything mixed . the person in front was really nice and soft spoken .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good kottu rotti here - the rotti is very soft and tasty i kept some in the fridge and heated in the microwave 4 days later and it tasted even better mutton kottu or chicken kottu are my favorites", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing ! best kottu roti hands down . the wait could be hours long , so order ahead and give them a 20 minute buffer even then . well worth the wait though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "be prepared for atleast an hour or longer wait ! i ordered an hour ahead and they said it would be a 40 minute wait , so we switched our order to make it faster . once we got there they asked us to wait another 10-15 minutes because they were busy . so we waited , almost 20 minutes passed and we still did n't get our order . we were pretty upset at this point and had to cancel our order because there is no way we were going to wait 2 hours for kotthu rotti ! i was not prepared to wait for that long for kotthu rotti , especially if we ordered ahead of time ! the only reason we went there was because they `` specialize '' in kotthu rotti . we ended up ordering from poorani villas which was directly across from kotthu rotti kadai . we got the same order within 20 minutes , although they provide a variety of food and not just kotthu rotti . i do n't see myself going there ever again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "exceptional food . their mutton and chicken kotthus are awesome . you need to call ahead to order . if you like kothu roti this definitely a must try place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is for the seafood kothu roti . we ordered in advance . it was ready when we came to pick it up . lots of shrimp , perfect roti , and good spice . i ca n't eat kothu roti anywhere else . the staff are really friendly and nice . we tried the other food there and though it was good , it is the kothu roti that takes the prize .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike anderson is a cool guy . but the quality of actual mechanical service is in desperate need of improvement . i took my bike in for new handle bars ( spent over $ 1,000 ) and it took forever to get done - over a month ! they caused some minor damage on the leds on the tank and could not fix it back to the way it was . no apologies , no attempt to `` make it right . '' i had to make 4 or 5 trips just to get the neutral led light fixed that they broke . they still could not fix it so i just said forget it and took it elsewhere . i will not return or recommend this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i took my stock sportster 1988 and made a custom bike that all people can enjoy he has a very fair prices and what he does n't have you can order fast everything i ordered i got in about 2 days very fast service friendly service and the fact that he 's a marine as well as i am made it even better . if you 're looking for a custom bike to be build from the ground up had a good cost talk to michael ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have n't been here for maintence , so my review is strictly customer service oriented . my boyfriend and i came in for a lock , which they did n't have in stock . they offered to order it for us , but we needed it right away . they kindly gave us suggestions on where we could find what we were looking for , and recommended what to buy . it was really cool of them to help us out even though they knew we would n't be buying anything from them . the chill vibe makes me want to come back , and it 's good to know they can order anything you could possibly need .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the only place that my husband and i take our bikes . michael and joey are probably two of the nicest people we 've met since moving here . their attention to detail and the ability to do the job right the first time is why we come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't explain how happy i am with this place . it 's tough to find shop you can trust . fair prices , honesty and great work . what else do you need ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had been gathering parts for my motorcycle over several months and when it finally came time to put everything together i quickly realized i did not have the right tools or the amount of time needed to get it together . after some small issues with another local shop i decided to give hellbilly a try and i 'm glad i did . joey is a great mechanic and took the time to go over every part i had when i brought the bike in and how i wanted it installed . he made some suggestions that i ended up going with , and had no problem stopping work to call me whenever he had a question or concern , rather than being a hack like some other shops . he got my bike back to me on schedule and in time for a trip out of town . bike looked and ran great . i 'm happy to say this is my new go-to shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had great service here , they diagnosed and fixed a problem that two other dealerships could n't figure out . fair prices , worked with in my budget and got my bike to me when they said they would . if you 're looking for a shop that 's a little bit smaller gives you more personal services , hellbilly is the place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we decided to eat here before a show at the comedy zone , mainly because it was cheaper . at 6pm on a friday , there were not many people there as this is more of a late night place . it is a lot different than the other diner car in charlotte . it is much smaller with a smaller menu . i had the pot roast which tasted just like any other pot roast . my wife had a tuna melt that she liked . it is not outstanding food by any means , but it is cheap , decent , and the service is good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what sounds like simple , mundane diner food completely surprises you with its quality and quantity . mattie is accommodating to every patron and takes care of his regulars ... .so this means become a regular ! its nice to visit early on the weekend for breakfast because its not a stuffy , hip , brunch spot that takes and hour to get cold food . its also great because it is across from the fillmore and uptown amphitheater . when you combine great service , great food , and great location , you get a great restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you do n't make breakfast after morning then just say that . but serving me bad coffee , dry , unbuttered , cold toast and cold , old grits full of salt is a slap in the face !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place looks to be a local gem and i was really looking forward to getting my grub on . sadly i did not get to experience it though because for some reason they decided not to follow their own posted hours . located it on yelp , drove about 15 minutes off my route to stop by and get lunch . found that despite posting they are open until 3 on yelp and on their front steps , they decided to close at 2:20 ... just as i am pulling up .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the silverstream trailer . this diner has the coolest decor , down to the table top jukeboxes , the guacamole burger was humongous ! the onion rings where the right crispness , with just a touch of the required grease . the servers are friendly and very attentive . definitely will add to my late night places to frequent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally an awesome diner in charlotte ... loved loved . we both got the turkey burgers , my husband the hot one and me ( i ca n't remember except it was great . the beer battered onion rings were fabulous this is the first time i was able to taste the beer in the batter . i ca n't wait to come back and try the breakfast", "score": "5"}
{"review": "would have been a three star if it had n't been for finding a hair from the cook in my scrambled eggs . but after a few days in charlotte , it seems that the local health authority must not require hair nets . at any rate , the meal ( french toast ) would have been a three star . not bad , but not terribly memorable either . if it had n't been for the food , the friendly and attentive service would have earned five stars . in fact , i tipped the waitress well over 20 % . so , bottom line , it may be a decent diner if you order something else .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what can i say about mattie 's . it 's a great diner through and through . we always come here for breakfast and have yet to be disappointed . i usually get the junkyard with it 's heaping plate of chili , potatoes and eggs cooked to order . i 've also sampled the chicken fried chicken and it was crispy and tender at the same time ! i have to recommend their french toast with the challah bread . it 's so soft and sweet , you 'll wish all french toast was like this . we usually see orders coming out for lunch that consist of burgers and such and they look great . maybe one day i 'll try them when i 'm not too tempted with their breakfast . oh and might i add that i live in concord and drive here for breakfast !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to mattie 's probably 5 times in the last 4 years when i 'll be traveling with a band through the fillmore . each experience is better than the last . the food is awesome and the people are friendly and nice . mattie 's is literally a highlight to stopping in nc for a tour . highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not the greatest experience . comfy place but the food was not that great . my family and i went here for breakfast and i ordered lunch . the food was very bland and the children ( who are not picky at all ) did n't even eat a fourth of their plates . i am not the greatest cook and would have preferred a burger off of my george foreman grill . i could see how one would give great reviews after a night out full of drinks : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we stopped in for a burger in mid-afternoon on a hot july day . nice a c ( important ! ) , friendly staff , great burgers and yes ! beer in a diner ! what 's not to like ? the diner is a real old train dining car that was moved here a few years ago from nj , so i felt right at home - except the bathroom was pleasant and clean . and - i discovered a deep dark secret : pbr stands for pabst blue ribbon - the beer that was advertised all over the place when i was a kid .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in for something to eat before a concert . their fried pickles were almost just batter with the slightest bit of sliced pickle ... the meatloaf was recommended to me by the waitor ... it tasted as if they bunched together a bunch of meatballs and put some marina on top . green beans were very stringy and tasted as if they were straight from the can to the microwave to my table . my 3 friends and i did not care to finish our food even though we were hungry because it tasted pretty bad ... however the workers were very friendly and nice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a fun , funky little place . it is small , but comfortable . i do n't tend to get there during rushes so i have never had a concern about seating . food is tasty , as is the coffee . vegetarians be aware that they do n't cook the omelettes in bacon grease , but they do n't scour the grill between dishes , either .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "maybe it was a bad night , but the mac & cheese was inedible -- one big wad of unctuous , mushy bow tie pasta . luke warm . spaghetti was watery . slaw was tasteless , no flavor and no seasoning . the garlic potatoes were probably equally awful , but the server guy never gave them to me . what an awful mess for $ 21 !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped there for breakfast on way back to new york . great home fries ; courteous and friendly staff . highly recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mattie 's is a gem . if you take a moment and read the history behind it you will love it even more . hard working people with good hearty food ! the last time my boyfriend and i went we overheard mattie himself say he had worked 14 hours the night before , went home to sleep for two and was back at 8am with a smile on his face . our waitresses were fun and friendly and the atmosphere is like stepping onto the set of 1950 's movie . the menu is well thought out and all the food is delicious . just be warned ... it 's the kind of food that will put you into a food coma ! if you are planning to finish your plate you better also plan for a nap ! definitely worth seeing for yourself .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was waiting for my friend to show up for a concert across the street , and decided to get a quick bite to eat . i always see this place and decided why not . big mistake . i walked in and sat at the counter . i had to ask for the counter to be cleaned wiped , and still ended up wiping it again myself after they finished . then it took a few minutes before i was greeted . after placing my order , i waited and waited . once the order came , that was the final disappointment . the home fries , were under-cooked . i asked for cheese on them , and they added a few sprinkles of finely shredded cheddar . they barely let the cheese melt . the sausage was ok . the bacon was 2 teeny weenie strips that appeared to be under-cooked also . overall disappointing experience !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been to mattie 's a couple of times now both times on a sunday morning for some good diner breakfast ! ! my favorite so far is the chicken fried chicken , its batter is great it 's salty but in a good way ! ! i find the service to be ok nothing special . the food comes up quick so you are in and out of there in like 30mins which is great ! ! i forgot to mention that they have cheese fries and gravy-if your from up north you know what i 'm talking about- it 's a staple on any diner menu ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm a sucker for a place that does breakfast anytime of the day . i finally got my turn at trying mattie 's and it did n't let me down . i love the throwback diner feel of this place and the food was equally as great . i had an omelet with a side or two of bacon , ham and sausage . this is a good way to go for a low carb lifestyle meal . they had some other great menu items as well though . one thing i imagine to keep in mind is that this place is probably insanely packed on nights where there is a lot of activity around the nc music factory . parking is adjacent to the building and free .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nestled in charlotte 's music neighborhood , mattie 's diner is the envy of my imagination . i wish i had opened this place myself . i love the concept . i love the location . i love the menu selection . if you 're going to be in charlotte for a concert , try this diner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just went to mattie 's for the first time , right before a show at the fillmore , which is directly across the street . it 's a diner that serves diner food . my meal was very very good . i thought their burger was definitely closer to the `` scrumptious '' end of the burger spectrum ( man , i 'm like wimpy when it comes to burgers , great or so-so , it 's still pretty good no matter what ... so this burger actually made it onto the whole `` mmmm good burger '' radar , if you know what i mean ) . i got whichever one had bacon , hot sauce , and jalape\u00f1os , o'henry 's burger maybe is what it was called . they were good on getting us refills and service was very efficient . pretty cool setting and i walked out happy and with 2 people nicely fed for under $ 20 . what more do you want ? we 're already planning to return , to try their all-day breakfast . for this is the true mark of a top quality diner , no ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service . good food . my favorite : the random collection of coffee cups .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome little diner , excellent food , friendly staff . its small ( most diners are ) so you have to get there early .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "second visit & this place meets every need for the real dirty ol ' diner experience . married a jersey boy who knows what true diners are supposed to be like & this place offers the fix you need . good ol ' unapologetic greasy food & a quirky ambiance . love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "1 . best 3 am diner ... ever . 2 . milkshakes = incredible . 3 . always an eclectic and eccentric crowd . especially if i 'm there . 4 . mac and cheese sucks . except after about 6-8 drinks . then delicious . 5 . burgers are awesome . 6 . prices are just right . 7 . awesome shirts . 8 . right near some of my favorite bars . what 's not to love ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just moving to clt , i found this via yelp and it is superb . the burgers , the meatloaf , the service wow ! this is a fabulous throwback diner , ask for tina and say hi to mattie ( the guy behind the grill ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a charlotte cop aimed me toward matties . i craved a late breakfast and matties easily fulfilled my requirements . those are : the food be tasty , hot , brown , and lots of it . i 'll certainly return , despite the slowish service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a cool place with an interesting history behind it . unfortunately the food left both my girlfriend and me with intestinal distress . she had the bland pot roast and i had the meatloaf . we were both sick within 12 hours . i 'm sure they must do better with the easy stuff like bacon and eggs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has a great deal on men 's work shirts . they only cost $ 1.20 here so my fiance likes to bring in a bunch every month . there 's always one nice lady there who is happy to help us when we come in . cash or check only !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they make up their prices as they go and although dress shirts are advertised as $ 1.20 , they will charge you for the dry cleaning price . at my last cleaner , i never had a ticket over $ 25 , this place has n't been under $ 40 . they also make up their dry cleaning prices , such as , a basic woman 's blouse will run you $ 5 . i will never go back to this place !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not go here ! watch out - they will ruin your clothes and then give you the biggest , most expert run around you can ever imagine if you try to get them to replace them . the owner is a blatant lier and she will rip you off .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "once again dc pulls off a great seamstress job on 2 pairs of pants ! ( at a great price ) i 've been going here for my seamstress and dry cleaning needs since 2002 . the friendly staff may sometimes be hard to understand , but they sincerely care about their customers and produce high quality results . remember to have cash or check -- they do not take credit debit . ( if you forget to bring cash you can walk over to the nearby mcdonald 's or gas station and get cash back with a purchase )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to discount cleaners for over 10 years now . never thought to do a review before , also could have dozens of check-in 's . the service here is amazing and the prices are very reasonable . i could n't recommend this place more highly . i usually bring in two weeks of laundry at a time and it 's typically ready the next day . i 've used the alterations service several times and have always been happy with the results . my only regret is i wish they would clean leather .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ladies who run this cleaners are so friendly , i trust them with our dry cleaning and alterations . they always do a great job cleaning and alterations usually come out well too ... and for a great price ! only thing is if something you 're having cleaned or altered has more than one thing that 's needs attention , you need to be very specific and point it out more than once . most of the time though , they are great ! see ya there !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here forever . good quality work for a very reasonable price . in probably 15 years , they have lost maybe one shirt . i get at least 40 shirts cleaned there per month .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great location with a drive thru . the owner is a joy . it was $ 6 for a ladies suit jacket which was phenomenal . the quality is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for years discount cleaners have been our place to go when it comes to nice clean and we 'll pressed clothes services ! unbeatable price fast and reliable . i have bee their loyal costumer annd really recommend this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been a customer at this shop since it opened . this is the second owner and the service and quality are excellent . we have clothes cleaned , some washed and pressed . quilts and duvets washed and pressed . lots of alterations ( hems , sleeves ) . the work is great , quick , and everyone is friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am so happy i found oscar 's . i had an antique chair in pieces , and they created the chair and ottoman better than the original with beautiful , durable material . i could not be more pleased with their caring service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got some work done here i could n't be anymore happier . they did it quick and fast at a great price", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my beautiful couch had terrible cat claw damage on both arms . i had purchased extra fabric from the manufacturer to match and oscar agreed to repair the damage . he did an amazing job in a short timeframe . he also restuffed my loose cushions . i would recommend oscar to anyone for any sized job . my couch looks brand new !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have this vintage dining room table set that i 've taken from my parents house when i moved out and it needed some work done . apart from the table set , oscar 's upholstery also works on classic cars , boats , rvs , and other transportation vehicles and household furniture . they finished the table set within a reasonable amount of time and i was pleased with how it turned out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had dining room chairs that were a mess and needed to be reupholstered badly . oscar is kind , professional , and i got them back quicker than what he had originally told me . they turned out great and i could n't be happier with the work he did and their business . his prices are very reasonable and will be using him for all my reupholstery needs in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oscar 's upholstery did a great job ! i had 4 white faux leather parsons dining chairs that were in storage for a while and when i took them out the vinyl was all messed up . i did n't want to get rid of them since the quality and integrity of my chairs were still in great shape . oscar gave me a fair price and finished my chairs in a matter of days once the new fabric came in . i am very pleased with his professional work and customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is your run-of-the-mill hong kong style fast food restaurant with fairly affordable pricing . too bad in 'sauga you do n't really have much choice . however , they have good take-out portions and the food actually tastes alright believe it or not . just do n't expect any decent service and a place that 's spic and span . i have their food here regularly and have n't died yet : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i remember coming to this place when i was a kid back in the 90 's . this was before all the new restaurants opened up in golden square and it only had big bowl congee , chiu chow man and the star fast food . at that point in time , star fast food was one of the better options at that time as you could probably get a meal for 4-5 people for $ 20 including tea . so it gets one star for `` nostalgia '' factor . however , i went recently and while the prices remain cheap , the food appears to be have gotten worse . i got the fried fish with cream corn that came with rice and soya milk for around $ 6.50 . while the portion was ample and the fish was fried fairly well , the cream corn sauce was pretty sad . it was very watered down cream of corn soup . it used to be a lot better because it was creamier . i think this place can do in a pinch , but i 'd much rather go to any of other places in this plaza .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went to this place as i wanted to get a bit to eat and wanted to have chinese food at a new place that i have n't gone to before . went based on reviews and i was satisfied with my results . the inside is nice as it has many seats , but do n't go around lunch time or at dinner as it can get really packed and have a long line up . the dish that i got was the sweet and sour chicken with white rice . i ended up paying $ 10 as the rice did not come with the dish , so that was a big downside for me . over all if you are looking for some quick , cheap chinese food , then this place is for you . personally i wound let go out of my way to go back to this place , as there are many other options around the gta .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "beautiful venue great food excellent servers . very personable incredible evening .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend the trained professionals and great staff at advanced medical hair institute . everything went exactly as dr. joseph williams said it would and i am very happy with the results . i am so happy with my progress that even my fianc\u00e9e decided to go have a hair transplant as well . i am telling my friends that this is the only place they should consider for a hair transplant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. williams did an excellent job and i am truly happy with result . highly recommended . fivestar service and facility", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic service and results . i received my transplant almost a year ago and could n't be happier . dr williams uses the latest techniques that are economical and do n't require you to keep returning for more and more hair to `` get it right . '' he does n't advertise nor require a cash fee upfront for the initial consultation . his clients are famous ( i was n't told the names , of course , just their professions ) , coming from all over the world , and i can see why . just do it . the benefits of capturing hair of my 30s have been astounding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing cures the freezing weather blues like a hot cup of joe ! after a few hours of christmas shopping , i desperately needed a pick-me-upper . i like this starbucks location . it usually does n't get as busy as the ones on bloor , bay and yonge street . with many last minute shoppers in the bloor-yorkville area , it was a good thing i dragged myself ( aching feet and all ) to the charles street location . it was nice to escape the madness of holiday shopping and enjoy my latte peacefully .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "since everyone knows what starbucks is , i 'm going to adjust the rating scale with five being the best starbucks i 've visited , and one being the worst starbucks i 've visited . this is a five . staff are friendly , knowledgable and efficient . drinks are made to the starbucks standard each time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in the area for work and was jonesing a coffee . the starbucks was within five steps of where i was . at two o'clock , this place is p a c k e d with people who work in the area grabbing a cup of joe . it 's a pretty small location with only a small number of places to sit . at the time i was here , there was hardly any moving space because there was so many people . the service is a little slower than other starbucks locations that i have been to . there are washrooms , but in the basement and they share it with mcdonald 's . good for : your coffee fix", "score": "3"}
{"review": "convenient location close to the bloor-yonge subway station , and the baristas there were efficient and friendly . not where i would choose to hang around for a while , since it 's pretty small , but good if you want to grab some coffee tea !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like this starbucks ! i 'm not crazy about it , since there are too many hobos and crazy people strolling through or sitting right outside the steps , but it is n't too bad . the baristas know me there and they know my order , so that always puts a smile on my face : ) i like to grab an iced chai latte here & head down the street to have some gelato !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i come here a lot . the service is okay . i 've had a homeless man offer me stolen vodka in there.. so mixed crowd . always really busy , usually very hard to get a seat .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this extremely dirty starbucks literally had cockroaches crawling around , which i could n't help but notice as i was waiting for my drink to be prepared . staff seemed fine but no excuse for a chain like starbucks to have an out of control pest problem like this . grossed out by my experience yesterday .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "while i am not a daily starbucks visitor ( 2-3 times a month ) i enjoy a cup of coffee , latte , or frozen drink on occasion and about equally . this location is better than some because ... 1 . the service is accurate and reasonably ( if not amazingly ) fast . 2 . the location is very convenient to the subway line and areas just south of bloor . 3 . the servers are nice . i do n't know what it is , but often times starbucks employees seem to consider themselves to be the belle of the ball and can act in a condescending way toward people who are n't rocking the skinny jeans or who they might not want to make out with behind the dumpster . well , not here ! they are courteous and professional .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "located at the site of the former post office in the downtown core ( the site now houses a mcdonalds and starbucks at the retail level ; 2nd and 3rd floors of this building were the regional headquarters for the rcmp during the early 1900s ) . site is narrower than a typical starbucks , which drops some points as space is limited to the front and back of stores . limited selection of baked goods unlike the second cup cafe across the street also takes away points . staff and coffee are great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am a starbucks addict , visiting daily back home and on vacation for my morning wakeup and breakfast . this location had literally the worst restrooms i have ever seen , and i have been to hundreds of starbucks worldwide . no paper anywhere , everything completely dirty . their excuse was they share their bathrooms with mcdonald 's and are not in control . that 's a bad excuse . avoid !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "its been a few years - but the sting of working with this company still makes me sick . classic case of way overselling - and way under delivering . we got hardwood floors on our whole lower level from them except for one room we did carpet . install took forever and we figured out why - they would send two people out in the morning ( a seasoned vet and a new kid learning the ropes ) . once we went to work the vet left and the kid stumbled thru by himself . install took twice as long as they promised and had many issues . they also do n't do floor trim . they 'll take it off , trash it , break it etc - but its up to you to find someone to do that after they are done with the floors . in the end after lots and lots of complaining , the top guys did try to make things good with us . that was at least decent but it should n't have gotten that bad to begin with . i would suggest others try someone else for flooring .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am surprised by the other reviews . we have had good experiences with them in the past . they are in the process of doing our whole house ( new construction ) . so far , so good ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i have recommended dr. copus to anyone needing a good doctor . she is a caring professional who listens to her patients . she is thorough and pleasant , and not just a pill pusher . we recommend her highly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to this office for at least a year . deborah is an awesome doctor who really listens what is happening with you ; and she cares ! now the receptionist there makes me cringe . she is extremely condescending , rude , and has a serious lack of customer service and just general people skills . one time i went in and felt relieved to see a nice friendly smile at the desk from a new male receptionist . you could tell he was new bc it took him a bit longer to get everything taken care of . i would much rather have it take longer and let him grow into his role ; then to see jamie again . i 'm sure you understand my disappointment the next time i came back and she was sitting there ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "einfach nur klasse . kommen immer wieder gern dorthin .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "1826 gr\u00fcndete georg christian von kessler in esslingen am neckar die erste deutsche sektkellerei in einem umwerfend sch\u00f6nen geb\u00e4ude ! schnell avancierte das beeindruckende haus zum place to be f\u00fcr die prominenz ( u.a . k\u00f6nig karl und k\u00f6nigin olga von w\u00fcrttemberg , k\u00f6nig wilhelm ii . und k\u00f6nigin charlotte von w\u00fcrttemberg , errol flynn , gigli , romy schneider , konrad adenauer , prinz friedrich wilhelm von hohenzollern ) und das normale volk blieb au\u00dfen vor . erst nach einem fast-bankrott wurde 2001 das gesamte konzept umgekrempelt und die sektkellerei der \u00f6ffentlichkeit zug\u00e4nglich gemacht . mit gro\u00dfem erfolg ! die f\u00fchrungen durch die uralten keller ( \u00e4ltester teil fr\u00fches mittelalter ) erfreuen sich - genau wie der k\u00f6stliche sekt ( gro\u00dfe auswahl : f\u00fcr jeden geschmack ist was dabei ) allergr\u00f6\u00dfter beliebtheit ! topp-tipp : jeden samstag von 10 bis 15 uhr gibt es den sektausschank sekt in the city zum erfreulich kleinen preis . bei sch\u00f6nem wetter sogar noch zus\u00e4tzlich im ehemaligen zehntkelterhof . zugang \u00fcber das gro\u00dfe hoftor gegen\u00fcber der stadtkirche st. dionys . sektgenu\u00df h\u00f6chster qualit\u00e4t im wundersch\u00f6nen esslingen ! einziges manko : aufgrund der gro\u00dfen beliebtheit herrscht immer schnell akuter platzmangel !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "der besondere sekt aus esslingen", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitiv ein muss , wenn man in esslingen ist . das alte geb\u00e4ude ist wirklich toll und sehr sch\u00f6n anzusehen . und wie meine vorredner schon sagten : samstags ist sektausschank einfach super : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kessler sektkellerei is not just a store where you can buy wonderful wine of high quality but also famous sightseeing in esslingen am neckar with 180-year history ! product line includes three wine series : kessler kreation , kessler klassik , and kessler kollektion . price for excellent wine does n't matter ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wir haben es nach vielen anl\u00e4ufen endlich geschafft , hier einmal vorbei zu kommen . das geb\u00e4ude ist schon von au\u00dfen ein blickfang , von innen haben wir uns einfach nur in dem barbereich aufgehalten , also weder mehr vom geb\u00e4ude , noch den mehrfach angesprochenen keller gesehen . und trotzdem : absolut super ! eine nette , modern und schlicht eingerichtete bar ( in sch\u00f6nem kontrast zu dem elaborierten bau ) . die auswahl der sektsorten ist toll , so dass man je ein glas von allem trinken kann . besonders ist mir in erinnerung geblieben , dass das personal sehr freundlich und unkompliziert-zuvorkommend war . ich k\u00f6nnte mir gut vorstellen , hier einfach so mal herzukommen auf ein glas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das geb\u00e4ude der sektkellerei ist ein echtes sahnest\u00fcck , selbst f\u00fcr die altstadt esslingens . der absolute knaller allerdings ist der keller ! wer einmal die chance hat eine f\u00fchrung mitzumachen in die katakomben von esslingen , sollte sich das nicht entgehen lassen . hier lagert wirklich jede menge sekt und der schwarze schimmel von der decke ist echt - er tr\u00e4gt sogar zum wichtigen klima im keller bei . alles sieht wirklich ein paar hundert jahre aus - und ist es auch ... samstag einen sekt trinken bei kessler im hof , das hat schon etwas . auch wenn es ein esslinger schickeria-treff ist und ich den kessler sekt gar \u00fcberhaupt nicht mag ( ; - ) sorry ) . hier sollte man unbedingt gewesen sein !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a little pricey , even for a gourmet burger , but the burger was good . we sat on the balcony , and enjoyed a view of the golf course . the service was lacking a little ( we had to find a waitress when we first sat down and continued to look for someone for refills for water ) . this place is on my list of top burger places in the valley but just be prepared for the bill .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "huge burgers ! excellent service and the best sweet potato waffle fries : ) . get a table overlooking the golf course . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down - best nachos in town . great service and awesome food . i recommend sitting outside if the weather is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was good but the service was not desirable . no one around to seat us and when we finally found an employee they seemed annoyed to seat us . what we ordered fit into their special but we were not told of it and payed more with getting less . weird experience . would not recommend .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good burgers ! they look just like the pictures . get the make your own s'mores , very fun ! we got the season queso chorizo burger ... omg so good . my dad got the southwest cobb burger , and it was just okay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been going to bb harington 's for a few years now , mostly for my nails . kim ball is amazing and does great work ! i will never go to an asian nail salon ever again ! nadia does my hair and is amazing as well ! i refer both kim and nadia every chance i get !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been hating my hair for a long time . i recently stopped coloring it have been on a journey to grow it out and have my grey `` highlights '' shine through . for the last year i just have n't felt very good about myself and wondered if i was going to look old and douty for the rest of my life . today i had had enough . in desperation i tried to find a new salon and i call this shop and the women on the phone said she had an opening . my hair is super straight and if it 's not cut just right it will look pretty bad . i am so excited to have found dana ! she was very knowledgeable and really took her time to make sure that the cut laid perfectly . i love how it turned out and i am so happy to have found a great hair designer ! i went to pick up my son afterward and the first thing he said was that my hair looked great ! thank you dana : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not tell you just how happy i am ... but i 'm gon na try ... im 40 something and have to really work hard at keeping up on things if ya know what i mean ! ! ! ashleigh takes care of me and is just amazing ! ! ! i look and feel 10 years younger ! ! i can say she really is a miracle worker ! ! the salon is fun and upbeat and always busy ... however they are extremely accommodating ! ! ! i would recommend no other ... and let me tell ive been around awhile and have tried all the salons ... sooooo go to bb harringtons ! ! ! whatcha waiting for ! ! you wont regret it ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ashleigh has to be a hair goddess ! i had a horrible ombr\u00e9 done at a beauty brands and since my hair was very short at the time i had no option but to rock that horrible blonde . well almost a year into growing my hair i stumbled across this salon . i call and they were able to get me in that same day . ashleigh gave me an amazing hair cut and was able to completely cover the blonde and matched it to the rest of my hair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! arley has done my hair twice now . she does a fantastic job ! she takes her time and you can tell she really cares about her customers . i will definitely keep coming back . prices are great and the salon offers you water or soda too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . beatriz cut my hair about a week ago and did an awesome job . she did not cut too much off , which i have had issues with before . she was very friendly and i will definitely go see her again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to this salon for over a year now . ashleigh always does my hair and she 's fantastic . all of the other ladies in the salon are always so friendly as well . i 'd never go any where else . i 'm not sure why there was a one star review , because i 've never experienced them not being accommodating- and ca n't imagine why they would ever be . perhaps the caller called a bit too late in the day ? any way , best salon ever .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are so grateful to beatriz ! she was kind enough to style my hair in an updo on a sunday morning in time for my son 's afternoon wedding . a true test of a good stylist is the multitude of compliments you receive on your hair ... .and i received tons of compliments and friends wanting to know where i had it done ! she also trimmed my daughter 's hair and did an amazing job , in fact she was so very pleased with her cut that she will most likely visit beatriz when she flies into town next time ! you can visit beatriz and be confident that you will leave with an amazing cut and or style ! she listens to your needs and wants and works magic . thank you beatriz !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did n't actually manage to experience their services . my husband gave me a groupon gift card , figuring i could use it to have some fun today after a rough week . i decided a new hair style was the way to go , so i snagged a grouponnow for $ 50 for a haircut and full color at bb hairrington 's . i called right away to make an appointment , but they were completely booked , and did n't try to accommodate me at all . why have groupons available on saturdays if you know you 're going to be completely booked up ? and now i ca n't even use my giftcard to find something else fun today . : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "am from upstate new york attending a graduation and found myself needing emergency hair assistance . ashleigh came to the rescue providing thoughtful , creative , suggestions which resulted in amazing hair color and style ! i felt comfortable enough to actually try a new color and style despite the absence of my regular beautician . can not say enough great things about ashleigh ! if you are looking for someone who listens , and is truly concerned about getting it `` right '' for you , search no further !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in to the salon to see my girl , kendra , and had a new hairstyle in mind for my curly hair . with the sweltering summer on the way , i wanted to cut a ton of length and darken my blonde tresses . after showing her a few pinterest pins and talking through what would be the plan of attack , she started on what was about to be my favorite hairstyle ever ! kendra takes so much care and is such a pro . she even diffused my hair , instead of the usual blow out , to see what my typical hair , now short 5 inches , would look like . ( by the way , 5 inches on curly hair is about 7 to 9 inches in curly hair ) it is perfect ! better than i planned . i also want you to know that my face is pretty square with a large `` four-finger '' forehead , short hair is not typically the friend of that shape . i love it , i love it , i love it ! curly hair girls , start lining up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here for the first time this weekend and spent more on pair of shoes than i have ever paid for a pair of shoes or for an outfit in my life , but i expect to wear these shoes for many years . i can not not say enough good things about the staff or how i was treated . i have small foot , but i am a wide width and have trouble finding shoes . for the first time in my life i did n't hear `` that does n't come in your size '' . my sales lady even hugged me ! i will go back for other shoes as i need them . this time was for a special occasion dress shoe , but i will go for sneakers when i need them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great store ! the service was fantastic the shoes are quality and the prices are not too bad either . if you need something that 's hard to find this is def . the place . they really took care of me and i 've been going here since 1997", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mar-lou shoes is the greatest . a family owned store , where customer service is great . i have a `` unique '' foot size and have to try on all shoes , simply since a size label rarely tells the whole story . during my last trip to cleveland richmond , they had an enormous variety of shoes to try on , dozens in my size . the sales person was ever so patient . when i used to go to nordstrom 's , more than once the sales person would leave & take a break when they found out my size & i 'd be sitting there whistling in the wind . mar-lou shoes carries a great line of boots : toe warmers . both the boots & mar-lou are worthy of you business . many thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best shoes and service . ton 's of brands to choose from ... .new balance , ecco , uggs , toe warmers , fly london , bernie mev , sas , clarks , trotters and so many more . sizes galore !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "does not live up to it 's reputation . this place is advertised as having comfort shoes , and hard to fit sizes , but there was not a single pair of men 's dress shoes that worked . they seem to specialize in women 's shoes , for medium size feet and have almost no selection of men 's shoes at all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really first rate service - personal attention was greatly appreciated . thank you advanced litigation - got me through a tough time - reasonable prices and very professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best attorney in town . takes care of all clients needs and works all hours of the day and night . he is never un-reachable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want a professional lawyer that will get things accomplished joe iarussi is your man . i received a ticket for going well over the speed limit . went to joes office he took care of everything and the best part he got it dismissed too.. no driving school.. no points and no court cost ... thanks joe ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my divorce case was handled swiftly and professionally . my questions were always answered promptly and completely . you can count on advanced litigation to handle all aspects of your legal matter from consultation through recording . they gave me piece of mind and excellent legal representation when i needed it most .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a wonderful and joyful place to visit . the owner , judith is one of the kindess people i have ever met . she greats you with a big hug and hugs you again before she lets you leave the store ( even if you do n't buy anything ) . the way good no great customer service should be . when i leave this place i am filled with joy and happiness , and i can just feel my spirit at ease . i had my aura read while i was there , and it was all over the place ( i.e.- stressed , depressed , worried and so forth ) . with just a few minutes with judith , i let my guard down and opened up to her ( she is just one of those people you feel like you can tell anything to ) and not only did i feel the difference you could actually see the difference in the change of color of my aura . it is a wonderful place to shop again and again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "utterly spectacular store and radiant owner , judith . upon entering , judith gave me a loving hug and kindly welcomed me home . she showed me around the store letting me know of the magical treasures to be found here : books , music , cards , crystals , jewelry , trinkets . fabulous finds and peaceful energy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "judith and the store are both so beautiful ! it was quite a journey to find this place , but completely worth it ! she has quite the collection , anything spiritual you could possibly need ! definitely a place to stop at !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped here for the first time and got more than i expected . a great big hug , a gift book for a client and an introduction to things i had n't known about arizona . judith the owner is kind , very helpful and attentive . told her what i was looking for and she helped me find it - did n't just point to a section . she went over and looked herself ! interesting store with some great things to give as gifts - or keep for yourself . i 'll definitely go again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had the privilege of knowing judith & this `` spiritual-cosmic crossroad '' that is apotu for about 10 yrs now . it is a place of love & acceptance & knowledge . all seekers & souls are welcomed and the light is always 'on ' . do your soul a favor & stop by to experience it for yourself . namaste ... ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place to buy a couple books , some incense maybe , and chill out . very calming environment . new owner is very kind . i feel very comfortable here especially when it 's so hot outside .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what an amazing shop ! i felt a calming , wonderful energy upon walking in and was in awe of all of the beautiful stones , crystals , and dreamcatchers that are sold here . the best part was meeting the store owner , judith , who is one of the most warm-hearted , welcoming and kindest woman i 've met . she was very helpful in helping me find what i was looking for and very knowledgable . i am very happy after my visit today and look forward to returning again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "judith , the owner of the store , is honestly such an inspiring shine of light . i very strongly and highly suggest to go into this store just at least once to check it out . i personally do n't think you will regret it . judith is the sweetest kind-hearted uplifting soul i 've ever met . she 's a life changing person and i truly see her as her own individual form of god . she inspires me to become an extremely better person and i 've learned so much from her already . please go and at least check out this store . i always feel absolutely amazing from the second i enter the store and even after i leave , i genuinely feel amazed and feel the good spirits brought into me . i feel so bright and amazing every single time i leave . i 'm so glad to have been introduced this store from a friend , and now i 'm introducing this store to all of my friends , and they are so happy that i did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a peace of the universe is most definitely a place one wants to go when in search of answers and guidance especially if paige sullivan is there reading . if you have not gifted yourself , or someone very special , a reading with paige it 's a must do . i had the blessing of receiving a `` soul portrait '' reading with paige and it was the most profound life changing moment ever . the reading that paige provided was the most empowering reading i have ever received . not only that one leaves with a beautiful piece of paige 's art . my portrait hangs on the wall and is always there to remind me of my souls purpose and path . it has changed my disposition , decision , and direction sooooooooooooo many times , each time for the better . thank you paige and a peace of the universe for providing so much to us all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the stuff here is overpriced compared to other places , like tibetan chimes , for example . twice as much here as other places . they suggest all these bogus items to `` help you '' ... this store is full of bogus products . and judith `` just loves you already '' when she just meets you . her and the `` healers '' here are a total crock , taking advantage of people in emotional crisis , or life crisis , like divorce or sickness . they give you a false sense of connection with you only to sell you more . do n't waste your money . nothing from this store , or from these `` healers '' will change your life for the better ... only make you poorer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a very nice karaoke place , and being a big karaoke fan i have pretty much hit every one in the city and know the pros and cons . this place is great if you have a large group and want the massive room with great lighting but the last time me and my friends did an event here the sound was just really really bad . also the song machine caters more to the asian crowd so is very confusing to use , once you get the hang it makes more sense but the staff here barely speak english so asking them is a lost cause . however the song choice is really bad , i can list dozens of classics which should be at any karaoke place that were not here . price wise for a large room there is no flat charge but the minimum spend is $ 250 which when you have a group of 20-30 should be easy to meet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "by no means am i a karaoke connoisseur but i know a good time and that 's what i had went i went to b-boss . with the right group of friends and enough drinks , how can you not have a blast belting out linkin park or celine dion ? ? ! ? 4 stars and not 5 because i was hoping for more variety in songs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service was terrible and server are terribly rude . i left my stuff behind and made a call they told me it 's with them , on the next day when i went for pick up they told me there is no stuff left behind . had worst time and need to sort this out with owner , but they are telling me owner is not here . anyone who knows the owner please give me the number", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the over-the-top decor and the hilarious audience audio effect system in this place ! happy hour was only $ 10 from 3pm to 8pm , including a non-alcoholic drink , what an amazing deal ! little downside was that the song selection control is a monitor screen installed on eye-level of the wall by the tv , so we had to stand by it to select songs . also , some japanese songs do n't offer original singing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "he has done multiple jobs for us over the years including a complete remodel of a rental condo that was trashed , painted the outside of our house , kitchen and bathroom remodel , remodeled our daughters house , fixed floor tiles , and painted bathrooms . my husband is very picky and we would n't trust just anyone to do things right . john bond and his crew come through every time , exceeding our expectations . we would n't use anyone else ! highly recommend ! ! i will be posting some before and after pictures soon of his great work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trying to get them to come out to do warranty service was like trying to give a cat a bath . i have never had such a hard time with such rude people at a business before . they flat out told me they 're busy and do n't care about my business because doing warranty service did n't make much money . they said they 're `` doing a lot of commercial work '' now , basically saying they do n't have time to honor the warranty on the a c unit they sold us and put . when i called they said they 'd call me back and never would . ran around in circles for 3 weeks with them . the one time they came out last year i believe they made things up to charge us extra money too , just because they know i do n't know much about a c. stay away from these crooks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've just had work completed by john bond ac on two different homes and am very pleased with the results . staff was timely , professional , competitively priced and made every effort to insure the installation of the units performed up to my expectations . they even returned to update some duct work to cure an air flow issue which was beyond there original scope of responsibility . thanks to john , troy and the entire jb crew .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in the shop and the attendant was super friendly and helpful . i could n't find the type of vape i wanted but i have a good idea what i 'm looking for now and will be back to see what they have next . even though the place was busy , the guy did n't rush me and showed me a lot of different types of vapes and was very knowledgable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my all time favorite smoke shop ! great selection of glass , for a great price too . they seem to be one of the cheapest places i 've been with real good quality stuff . some super helpful people working there too . they got literally anything you need , from wraps to vapes to bongs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "personable family owned business . they resolved a conflict we had within a few days to our satisfaction .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had a misunderstanding , but the owner took care of the problem and now it 's all good . nice people here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very pleasant lady behind the counter this morning i should have asked for her name . decent selection overall , comparable pricing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was looking for some juice for a friend , came in and was greeted by a very nice guy walk me through on each juice they have for the e cigarettes i love this place i do n't even smoke and i will always come to this place if i need anything hookah cigarette tobacco juices for e cigarette new e cigarette this is the place to come", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've spent some time in mexico city and enjoyed tacos there ... these definitely rate , although i 'm not sure whose idea it was to put the rice right in the tacos . i will ask for my tacos without it next time , as i found it just too weird . the chicken was well spiced and perfectly cooked , and the tortillas had that nice corn flavor i like . the mexicans i know , both in mexico and chicago , top their tacos with chopped raw onion , jalapenos and cilantro , and i 've yet to see that here in pittsburgh , so i found myself missing that trio , but good flavors overall and thoughtful preparation will keep me coming back here . i also had the tortilla soup and it was delicious ... the most mexican thing i 've eaten since moving here , authentically flavored with achiote , which also gives it a lovely orangey-red color . finally , some mexican food in the 'burgh i can get behind .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "is there anything not to like about mexico city ? the mom & pop feel of the place , the soft yet substantial tortillas , the incomparable selection of delicious fillings , fresh chips , and some of the best guacamole in pittsburgh . heck , their beans are good , too . everything on the menu , which has enough of a selection , as long as you 're a fan of mexican food , sounds inviting and tastes great . while i have n't had a chance to try everything yet ( and that might take me a while ) , the giddy anticipation of placing an order is always met and satisfied when i take my first bite of south-of-the-border delectitude . the meals are quick , filling , and very affordable , making mexico city a little oasis of flavor in downtown pittsburgh . seriously , check this place out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mexico city is located on smithfield by the bridge and is without a doubt the best authentic mexican i have had in pittsburgh . the staff is great , very friendly . the tacos are awesome ... i think the homemade corn tortilias are the reason they are so good . i felt like i was back in sayulita , nayurit ! ! all the food is very fresh and flavorful . enjoy because this is as close as you can get to the real deal ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my only sorrow is that this resturant is at the polar opposite of where i work downtown . with that being said when i do manage to eat at mexico city it 's always a treat . everything comes to the table hot hot hot . the shrimp diablos is so good , i have never had a dish like it at any other place . the shrimp are large and the sauce is dark red and smokey . this is one of my favorite resturants and they give a student discount that my friends is a double win .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best mexican restaurants are the ones where even after going through a whole basket of chips and salsa you still find room for your entree because it 's that good . let 's just say that i 'm glad that my office is about 6 blocks away because i needed to walk off not only the chips and salsa , but also the very tasty enchiladas verdes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "favorite mexican restaurant in pittsburgh table side guacamole made as spicy as you want very unique chicken fajitas love the very spicy shrimp dish friendly service try to go there for lunch every 2-3 months - out of the way for me", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have you tried the tacos guisado al pastore ? ! or the green chile beef enchiladas ? ! the tableside-made guac ? ! friendly , efficient service , authentic south-of-the-border food , cheap prices ... .the place to go for one of the best lunches in downtown pittsburgh . i should know , our group seems to head there at least once a week ! nummers , folks . oh , and if you want a margarita with that taco , head to their wood street location ... .alcohol there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent , low key mexican food . great for a casual lunch . the staff is friendly and very attentive ... no alcohol served , they do n't have a liquor license", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great mexican food for a great price ! great for a casual meal . the staff was very friendly . the only downfall of this place is that they do n't serve alcohol , however , they have a sister restaurant close by that does .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! blown away . dined here with a dear friend from argentina , who deemed this place one of the most authentic in the 'burgh , and i concur . with mad high fives . this place is mexican , versus the tex mex that you find more frequently . i ordered the tortilla soup with extra avocado and oh my ! the broth was the perfect balance of spice , thick with flavor . the tortilla strips where homemade and slightly crunchy . the portion size was just right , although i could have licked the bowl clean if i 'd been in the privacy of my home . the decor is nothing fancy , but modest with authentic mexican flags , paintings and photographs ( there is a super rad painting of zapata right as you walk in that i wanted to make off with ! ) four stars for the lack of fish that day- they were all out , per the waitress . parking is kinda rough as well , but do yourself a favor and pay the $ 10 to park in the macy 's lot . it 's worth it ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "coming from southern ca , i am a huge fan of mexican food , but i have so much good food in my life i am also very picky . i had just started to believe there was no such thing as good mexican food in pittsburgh when i discovered this restaurant ( the new one in the south side ) . while the atmosphere was weak , the food was so good it completely made me forget everything else . i ate every morsel of my meal and could n't stop even after i was stuffed to the brim . incredible , i will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after spending the summer in mexico city ( the actual city not the restaurant ) i was craving real mexican food and after reading all these reviews could n't wait to go here . unfortunately i was a bit disappointed . pros : very fresh foods . the tortilla chips come straight from the fryer still hot and if you get the guacamole ( which i highly recommend ! ) the waiter comes and grinds all the ingredients in front of you in a stone mill . delicious ! cons : the main course was mediocre . perhaps i 'm spoiled after having such incredible mexican food , but the tacos fell short of my expectations . i ordered the taco combo ( barbacoa and al pastor ) and got food that was on the blander side ... i guess more authentic than any other place i 've been in pittsburgh but surely not impressive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they washed the floors while we were eating . we stopped here at 7 on a saturday night . i was not impressed . their chips and salsa were some of the worst that i have ever tasted . their burrito was average . the worst thing was as we were finishing our meal , someone came and mopped the floor next to us . this was not a spill but the nightly cleaning . the smell of lysol was a little overpowering . i am all for cleanliness , but do it after you are closed , not while people are eating . since we were almost finished , we left what we had remaining on our plates , paid the check and left .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you 'd never know it from the restaurant 's exterior , but mexico city is a great spot for authentic mexican food in the heart of downtown pittsburgh . bustling at lunch , but service is speedy and prices are cheap . the flavors of the food , particularly the guacamole , spice up even the most boring routine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's the best mexican i 've had in the area . mad mex ca n't touch this place when it comes to the food ... unfortunately , there is no liquor served here . even beer would be nice ... ..thing is ... .the place has the best tacos around . the rice has the spice it should at a mexican joint . they do serve a complimentary chips and salsa basket . they will not refill foc on those chips though ... bottom line- if you want the real deal cooked fresh to order , come here . please note- the decor is nothing to write home about ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the dinner crowd was very sparse but i 'm glad i tried this place . we enjoyed the chips and salsa very much , and we found both the green and red enchiladas to be good . the rice and beans were also very tasty . i would have appreciated a beer with my food , but i was happy with the price and quality . the portions were also good . we ate every bite of our enchiladas but did n't leave feeling hungry . this was a very different experience from chain mexican restaurants and i will certainly be returning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mexico city is one of the best mexican restaurants i 've tried in my life ... the freshly made guacamole is tremendous , the food is outstanding and the chips are certainly some of the best i 've ever tried ! service is very fast and courteous . definitely take advantage before this place becomes overly popular and crowded . it 's too bad i am just visiting pittsburgh , i will definitely come here again the next time i 'm in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for a quick drink and take out burrito . i received a big rice bean and veggie burrito with complimentary guacamole and chips and a beer for $ 11 with tip . food was pretty good , cheap , and quick . better than a chain but not as good as philly taquerias .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if this is the best mexican in pittsburgh , go to an italian place . i 've eaten food from all over mexico . there is almost nothing similar to real mexican food . not only is this place `` americanized '' mexican food , it 's also `` pittburghed '' meaning very bland for those who like real southern or mexican food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super burrito is normal a good meal to get . be careful when you go to eat here or you might get lost i 'm the shuffle by the wait staff .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've never had a bad experience there . i love the mexico city burrito -- their chorizo is fantastic . the service has been a bit slow at times when they are very busy , but even in those situations , the food comes out pretty quickly . the fresh guacamole is also fantastic and made right at your table . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good mexican ( for pittsburgh ... .we all know that this is a major weak spot for the steel city ) . the guacamole is delicious- made tableside to your specifications- ask for extra cilantro and salt ! i 'm not a big fan of the chicken they use ( the seasoning is a bit weird ) , but overall this place is decent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . the food is fresh , tasty , and looks beautiful too . the staff are awesome , and it 's a great place to eat and not break the bank . one of my favorite places to find mexican food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "new place out of way . hardlvy any booze . no multi room ( i.e the largest gay club ) .no movies . cost 30 $ cab from mgm to get there ? 23 $ to get back ? . part of vegas isnt fun or enough to do ? sad krave was better on harmon near it all the action and could sell booze , .lol", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the new location for krave ( massive ) is a renovated movie theater in neonopolis downtown . if you do n't mind dancing in an emptied out theater that can feel a little empty , this might be the place for you . i went with a group to see manila luzon perform and the crowd was comfortably large . there was a packed club feeling in all of the positive ways , but there was ample personal space to keep me from feeling cramped and claustrophobic . all of the bartenders and staff at krave were very friendly . i left having a good time , and the drinks were pretty stiff as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "looks like the city closed down krave `` massive '' on friday 8.30.13 due to unspecified permit issues . hmmm would n't you think the club would have sent out info to their customers letting them know they are closed , instead people wasting time and money driving down there ! ! ! well at least the people had a real option to go to piranha instead ! ! good job krave !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so not worth it club empty do n't bother waisting the cab ride no one responds to phone calls or emails to get you in the guest list they only have it so they can spam you and sell your info", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i live all the way up in the summerlin area and i drive all the way down just to have my my lexus serviced here . my maintenance is important and it 's only as good as the place i take it to get serviced . steve knows since he was a former technician for lexus of las vegas for many years . they let you know exactly what needs serviced , not like when you go into jiffy lube for an oil change ! if you 've ever been there , you know what i 'm talking about ... . hahaha", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off i will say this is my go to place to get my toyota fixed even though it is literally across town from where i live . the prices are great and steve and ganina tell you exactly what needs to be done . i have been coming here for almost three years now and they have never steered me wrong . they use factory parts for my car and get everything taken care of in a timely manner . recently i went in to get an oil change , transmission fluid change , and my belts done . i spent approximately 3 hours total to get everything done and they were great to go over the car to make sure there was nothing else detrimental to the car that needed to be done at that moment . sometimes i do get their machine when calling to make an appointment , but they get back to me quickly and set up times that work with my hecktic schedule . i will always come here for my auto needs and just adore the couple that run the shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lextech was referred to me by a friend . i have always experienced great customer service . very honest and definitely cheaper then going to the dealer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "family business , very professional , nice shop , convenient location if you live in henderson . very competent lexus technician , very honest and fair pricing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honest , highly competent & good prices . we own several ( 6 ) lexus ' & toyota 's between myself , husband , kids & company cars , lextech services each of them & every time we 've been extremely happy with their work & prices . the office manager is so refreshing to work with ! she 's very knowledgeable about car stuff , super nice , always willing to help accommodate our schedule & always calls back when we have to leave a message . i 'd absolutely recommend them to anyone . note ... they only service lexus & toyota .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! steve is the best . best place for lexus and toyota cars . fair and honest ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place great family business reliable and honest mechanic highly recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for good measure , yeah , it 's curry perfection . i could drink it all day long if it were n't spiced . my green curry veggies were obviously fresh , maintaining their integrity even whilst swimming in coconut milk . the yellow curry is even richer and galang-ier . i am trying to figure out exactly what made it better than any other thai restaurant i 've been to -- i think it 's the coconut milk fish sauce galang basil balance . not too sweet , not too salty . on the ratings scale , our server was sceptical i could handle a 10 20 for spiciness , but i insisted . turns out it was n't really that spicy . next time i will go for a 15 20. and i will avoid the lunch hour rush . we waited about 30 mins for our food , and i agree with other reviewers that the bench was n't comfortable . and our elbow-to-elbow neighbors kept eavesdropping even with the din throughout .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in the past year i have n't had a five star experience at salad king so i have to revoke my previous rating . this past saturday the rice was unspeakably bad . how can a thai restaurant not know how to steam a pot of rice ? ? i ca n't look past that , regardless of the rest of my meal . i 've got other thai options up my sleeve for future cravings now ( golden thai , sukho thai , etc. ) . also , still unacceptably closed on sundays and only open till 9pm other nights .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good location just upstairs . good atmosphere . decent food . it 's great if you 're in a hurry to catch a movie or show . one thing i was not a fan of was the communal tables and how the people sitting around you were so close . practically no privacy . i remembered sitting next to a couple who looked like they were on their first date . the chairs have cubbies for you to put your jacket bag if you need to . i was disappointed in the street noodle soup i usually order . the last few time i went , the portion was just right . right amount of soup , noodles , vegetables and shrimp . however , during my most recent visit , i thought it was way too many noodles . what made it even worse was the girl over at the next table ordered the same thing as me and had the write proportion . i was not so pleased . overall , the food was good and portions were on the heavy side . thought there was too much noodles on one plate .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the good : -- low prices -- good food -- menu that offers good variety the bad : -- very loud -- papaya salad was below average . i 'd pass next time . -- slow service really , no complaints with regards to food . ordered several noodle dishes which all tasted good . the papaya salad was too sour and needed more fish sauce . the place is really loud so do n't go if you want to converse . service was slow and it was difficult to get a hold of the waitress when you needed something .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "real decent for the price . went inside and it looked like a typical college hang out , so do n't go here with your date , but come with a few buds are you 're a-okay . had the 1 pepper seafood with coconut curry on rice , it was pretty good . server was attentive and nice , on her game . left a happy customer . i work 2 blocks away , if my work place did n't serve free lunch , i 'd be here once a week .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like the food here ... a lot . have you ever gotten sad at the end of a meal because it was over ? this is how i feel when i go here . but the service is sub-par ( goodbye star # 1 ) , and the rice-to-meal ratio is also off ( goodbye star # 2 ) , but besides that , yum ! i 've had the phud thai and the green and panang curry - all excellent ... except for the rice to meal ratio .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "salad king is not salad , its thai food ! if you go to ryerson , salad king is definitely a staple to your diet . this place gets packed all the time ! dinner on a friday night can mean 20min + wait times . seating is packed and place is loud . everything here is delicious . i 've tried their tomyum soup , green curry , pah thai noodles , siam noodles , .. you can also choose your spiciness level . beer towers for groups of 3+ . whether you 're on a student budget or not , portions are big and will leave you with breakfast lunch for the next day . cheap good food fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "long live the king ! absence definitely made the heart grow fonder . in the good old days , i took this place for granted . today , i was so excited for my lunch date with the king . it did n't disappoint . got the emerald curry , big portion , still cheap and still good . the tofu was fried up real nice . my friend got the golden curry and demolished it . approval all around . i went at 12:45 and there was no wait time , but the place was packed . the new decor is pretty funky , lots of brightly coloured murals celebrating salad king . the interior is definitely larger than before and there are booths now , but sadly i missed out and had to sit at the cafeteria style tables . although the caf style tables are definitely a 'cool ' and 'trendy ' concept , and allows them to serve way more people - you have to shout at your lunch or dinner mate in order to be heard . that 's the only negative .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "salad king only gets a 2 star today . the food is not bad ( it 's under $ 10 for a meal , so do n't expect fine dining here ) they let me down today because i could not switch the protein option . i have worked in restaurants all my life and still do and i just feel a simple modification as switching the kind of chicken breast should be ok ( i just wanted to switch to a breaded chicken breaks as i have been craving it all day ) and i was just told no , would have been nice to at least ask the kitchen first as it is a very simple modification . i did offer to pay any extra charge . basically do n't expect them to try to accommodate you too much . either that or the server just felt like saying no ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just walked out . have eaten their food lots , but now it is just not worth the snotty service . it 's outsized popularity does n't match its reality . at 1:30 on a sunday afternoon in a half empty cavernous and super noisy restaurant : `` can we have a booth ? '' ( two of us ) `` umm like no - cuz umm booths are like totally reserved for parties of three or more , ok ? '' ya.. not eating here . best of luck .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "reasonable prices , contemporary cafeteria feel and look , good kari noodles ... who needs the crazy long-wait khao san road ? i do n't . give me salad king anytime for fast service , decent food , real thai spice levels and super central location", "score": "4"}
{"review": "salad king was the best ! they now raised the prices between $ 1- $ 2 that it is changing from affordable for students to on the higher end of fast thai food . the serving sizes definitely decreased usually my staple is the thai fried rice but now it looks 3 4 of what it usually is and definitely less ingredients ! i would recommend the mango sticky rice which also went up to now $ 4 ! it used to be $ 2.50 ! this is still an option but there are much better restaurants in the area that cost less . on the bright side because of the increase , it is much easier to find seats and the noise has definitely been reduced .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this girl at the front that supposedly there to welcome guest ... welcomes guest with a screw face like youre bothering her from her day dreaming . there were three of us.. i got there first , told her theres 3 of us.. she then goes.. wait for your friends.. i asked.. i cant get a table.. girl says . nope wait for your friends.. then shs walks to the corner and started talking to her co worker looking at me . wow.. what an experience..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "finally ! the return of salad king ! my party of 3 luckily arrived rather early , and got ahead of the lunch crowd and avoided a lengthy wait . the food was still delicious , with reasonable portion sizes that will leave you stuffed . however , my curry was n't as spicy as i remembered it to be , but maybe next time i just need to kick it up a notch in the spicy scale . the thai islamic noodle was as good as i remembered it to be . on the other side , the food was slow . we waited quite awhile for the food , and my order came a lot later than my friends ' .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i think salad king is a nice place for cheap eats ! the benches are n't really what i would prefer seating wise -- its loud and i get easily distracted by other conversations : p i had the thai islamic noodles which is a pretty good dish for 10 bucks ! its actually not on the new menu , but if you ask for it , they 'll know what you 're talking about ; ) oh and the new renvo 's are great !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is always packed , and for a good reason . the price is very reasonable , they have good selection , they serve thai beer , and they have satay . the seats are tight , so watch out . there is a basket underneath each seats so it nice and convenient . their penang curry is nice and smooth . you can spice it all the way up and , as my british mate said , blow your tits off . it 's nice . try their off the menu islamic noodle as well . it 's like pad thai with red curry pour on top . one order of that can serve 2 . easy 4 stars for them . they are doing something right . the end .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mango salad was fresh and had lots of mango shreds . i think it had three litttle pieces of cabbage . basically , it is a plate of a mango shredded . it was ok. what go me going was the islamic noodle with 10 chilli - a superb noodle dish . it is a pad thai drenched in spicy cocconut sauce with lots of subtle ingredients . it is food that looks so so ( grey overall color ) but becomes an art in your mouth and punches you out while it goes down your throat - and you want more . and it is not even in the menu - why ! holy name should be associated with holy food . i took a star off because of the uncomfortable seating and loud noise . it felt like food court .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is so busy all the time ! i came here for lunch since our group had a reso for a group lunch . everyone loves their green curry . i went with their cashew chicken with white rice shrug was just okay . nothing special . honestly this is n't my go to thai place . i prefer khao san rd but for a quick thai craving i 'll stop in here . i find their prices are higher than it used to be when i used to attend ryerson . some lunches the service is bad . they barely notice you . had to flag them down . their portions are pretty big as well so i guess that justifies the price ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "salad king , you are what you are - a low-cost , reasonably good pan-asian noodlery ricery , that likes to have fun with the spice meter . no more , no less . you 're very useful and we 're all glad that you exist .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "5 of my co-workers and i visited salad king for lunch on a friday . the service was great and the food was delicious . the decor is beautiful now , and the seating ( benches ) has baskets built right in for your coat or purse . i have one complaint that makes me not want to go back though . the noise . i could n't hear my co-worker across the table from me , let alone any of my other co-workers . we were pretty much screaming the whole time . there 's got to be a way to place sound absorbing panels in the ceiling . if you can handle this though , it 's well worth a visit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't really get its popularity . might as well head to the food court ! typical fast food taste , nothing special , seating is cafeteria style , shared tables . meal was not bad , but not great . pricing though was good and cheap , thai iced tea . wow , taste straight out of a can or juicebox . definitely nothing awesome except it 's price . got 0.75 discount for some reason . liked the atmosphere though , really quite busy ! full house , zero wait . menu somewhat extensive , allowing for a range of spice level . all in all , would not return unless i was drunk hungry", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the type of place that was yummy but not refined . the chicken satay ( very juicy chicken breast pieces but the satay sauce needed more peanut flavour and less peanut chunks and the chicken needed more marinate and grill flavour ) . the islamic noodles were sooo good on the first few bits but then it got too creamy and too rich , making it hard to finish more than half of the dish , a dash of lime would have helped immensely . the pad thai was very yummy as well but lacked on the sour note and was a bit too much on the sweet side . in both dishes , the noodles were a tad overcooked and the choice of vegetables was a bit unauthentic ( do they even have broccoli in thailand ) . but overall , its was good and i would come back for some cheap fusion thai food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place for some hot thai noodles ! when you eat in its a very different atmosphere . mess hall style dining with long metal tables and stools . cheap and delicious food . generous servings and always piping hot . they serve thai beer , ice cream and teas . the spring rolls and pad thai are also honorable mentions but for me it 's all about those hot thai noodles with chicken !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dined at salad king many years ago . decent well portioned food with good service . prices are quite good and affordable for many . if you dont mind a tasty meal in a communal setting then step inside salad king with your friends or solo and enjoy a meal . my recommendation is anything you can not get elsewhere and is unique to salad king so you improve the foodie experience . the wait times can be long so keep this in mind if you are in a hurry or have a lot of time to spend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to salad king for the first time yesterday and i have to say it was such a pleasant surprise ! i have passed by it many times but never knew it was a thai restaurant ! i ordered the vegetable pad thai , for $ 10 this is an amazing deal ! such a generous portion too . definitely better than thai express for around the same price . i ca n't wait to come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , and it came within minutes after ordering it . the washrooms are really nice as well . there are about 5 or 6 individual washrooms that has a toilet and a sink .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking forward to coming here for quite a while as i 've heard really good things about the food here . i got 3 chillies for my food , but it was disappointing ... there was n't much flavour and it was really , really loud . hard to hold a conversation here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the long picnic-like , metal tables give the instant impression that the restaurant is clean , fast and no-frills . the pad thai is solid , and the restaurant just delivers on what it 's decor promises : good thai food , quickly and without being expensive . plus the common-table sitting lets you meet fun , new people if that 's your thing . a word of warning : the chili scale goes from 0-20 , with the upper regions ( 15-20 ) being reserved from east asian natives and drunk frat boys . there is a story out there of such a frat boy going for level 20 chilis , and having to be stretchered out due to projectile vomiting ( consider yourselves warned ! ) . if you like it hot , or can contain your chili enthusiasm , then this is a great place to grab lunch !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is definitely alright . came from lunch with a co-worker . you walk way upstairs , and you are seating in almost group type fashion . there are long table with stools lining both sides . so , you are seated at a location , but then another couple just sat right beside us . it is nice inside , but very cool with this seating setup . the food was good ... spicy , good size portion , service was fast and efficient . my co-worker ordered off the `` secret menu ? '' ... thai islamic style noodles . i must admit.. it was better than what i ordered . it was so good , other people in the restaurant came up and asked him what he ordered just based on the smell . price was reasonable . this is a good place to come for lunch . recommended . i will probably come back . did n't knock my socks off ... but was a-ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "its not `` authentic '' thai , but the food is great here . its more of a canteen sit-down fast food than a restaurant . the place is very clean , busy and loud , but its great . its busy , but you can usually get a seat pretty quickly . my favorite dish is the islamic noodles which is n't on the menu , but the wait staff will know what you 're talking about . portions are big , so you can definitely share .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a standard for ryerson students and alumni . ca n't wait for them to re-open . i usually get the vegetarian phud thai . best deal for $ 8.00 . decent servings with an abundance of noodles and vegetables . enjoy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was ok. service is fine . not a bad experience overall . i would n't mind going back here for sure .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love the orange chicken . customer service experience was poor . but food wise i prefer the orange chicken than the basil chicken . it is pricey but it 's not bad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the best cheap eats in toronto . been coming here since university and will never get tired of the restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this used to be my favourite thai restaurant in toronto . every dish that i would order would be a symphony of flavours that hit every tastebud on my tongue . those days are over . the papaya and mango salads are disgraceful , bland and missing the appropriate number of ingredients . the pad thai is a sorry excuse for a noodle dish . thai express puts more effort into their dishes than this place . the next time you 're craving thai , i would sooner suggest the eaton centre food court than this place of year 's past glory .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have n't been here in a couple years but the food is just as delicious as i remember ! i ordered siam noodles and coconut chicken soup , and my boyfriend got a chicken curry ( ca n't remember which one ) . the soup was delicious and perfectly spicy , best coconut chicken soup i 've had so far ! the noodles were also amazing , though next time i will get them even spicier . the curry was also divine , just the right amount of coconut and spice . mmmm ! the service was also fast and incredibly friendly despite the place being crowded with holiday shoppers . definitely going back again and again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "khao soi , pad thai ( phud thai ) , and golden curry are good dishes . spring rolls were a bit too salty . papaya salad didnt have enough fish sauce and dried shrimp so it was plain bland .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you know despite the hype , salad king is a good place for thai but i think its popularity supersedes its food . my pad thai was good , but not amazing and not spicy . i asked for 3 chilis and honestly , it was n't spicy enough . despite my new found tolerance for spice , the portions are quite big which left me with a lot of leftovers . what makes sk great is how cheap the food is , which is why it 's a favourite among ryerson students and frugal eaters like myself . i ordered take out and it took about 15-20 minutes for my food to get ready . that 's not bad considering how insane they are during the lunch rush .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "have had a wonderful experience here as my best friend likes to go here and i enjoy the food as much as the experience . being a larger portion eater , i love the basil noodles and the ice tea , both regular and thai ice tea . a drawback is that the wait during friday lunch time is a pain to go through but the staff help you out . the prices are excellent and the chilli level i reached was ten chillies and did not have the guts to try 15 as my tongue was already numb . : ) have fun and enjoy your try at some good food , drinks and probably a spice challenge with your friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a noodle soup and was impressed with the fresh ingredients in it . reasonable priced and worth the visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's an institution ! like many , i have frequented this place since it was on the east side of younge , and they hung the thai king 's picture near the entrance way . and 15 years later , it has transformed into a hip restaurant . but the affordable pricing remains ! i had the golden curry with chicken ( $ 9 ) and spring rolls ( $ 4.5 ) . yummy ! i cleaned the plate . service was quick , food comes out in minutes . staff is friendly , and the manager delivers the dishes to make sure of customer satisfaction . i ca n't wait to go back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "communal seating so you 'll be eating in front of and next to strangers if you are n't dining with a friend . extremely loud atmosphere but service is great and the food is as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great for the price ! ! we visited salad king at about 7:30 pm on a summer sunday night and the restaurant had a pretty heavy crowd . when we arrived the wait was about 20 minutes for our party of 5 . however , once we were seated , we had a pleasant waitress and the service was great . the atmosphere is simple , clean , and contemporary . we started off with the crispy spring rolls which were delicious . for the main course ordered the spicy chicken , orange chicken , phud thai with shrimp , and green mango salad . they were all quite tasty . you can also choose the level of spiciness of your entree . the restaurant is very well priced at about $ 8-10 dollars an entree . the portions are also pretty large . overall the experience at salad king was positive one . you can tell by the crowds that it is very popular . though toronto is full of great restaurants , i would definitely recommend salad king as a tasty and economical option when in the city .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is by far my favourite restaurant in toronto ! i have been coming here since my first year in ryerson university ( 9 years ago ) and it has remained my fav restaurant since ! i usually get the hot thai noodles , panang curry , golden curry or thai fried rice and everything i 've had is very good ! picking the spiciness is a great idea ! i started pretty low and have worked my way up to 5 ! ( tried 20 once ... i cried ) also the mango sticky rice is so good~ love this place ! the decor is so amazing and funny and staff is always super friendly ! already ca n't wait for my next visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is truly overrated . ryerson students favourite this place , but the quality and taste of food has truly descended over the past couple of years . the chicken skewers appetizer is usually a safe pick , though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is pretty average but salad king offers the option to choose your own level of spiciness ( ranging from 1 to 20 chillis ) . the pad thai is pretty good but is a little saltier than i would have liked . my friend had the green curry and said it was the best curry on the menu .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "crowded , definitely not a `` romantic '' place to go nice food though , a lot of veggie options and good prices for down town", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there are just so many much much better thai places and the fraction of a dollar that i saved price wise at salad king was just not worth it . i had the chop suey , it is not their specialty as i soon found out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not just 5 for the ridiculous tasty green curry.. or the phud thai that shames all my previous tries , ask for extra lime . i did not try the phud thai islamic of legend , everyone around you will . but 5 stars for the friendly competent staff from the door to table and back again . this restaurant came highly recommended from trusted friends and did not disappoint even after the ridiculous hype .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is always so busy and they always are attentive and prompt ! in short , because i have n't been there since last summer ( but went several times over the course of it ) the food is lovely and i used to always get the non-spicey pad thai ( noodles are out of this world ) .. dish is so flavourful ! another thing i really appreciate ( as i ca n't tolerate spice at allllll , hate it ) is the fact they have the proper symbol beside the spicey dishes ! have literally no complaints about this place", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good thai food , quick and at a reasonable price , what else needs to be said ? oh , one more thing , they have a stamp card , do get that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been to many thai restaurants and i always get a curry as my main . i decided to try out salad king as i know it has been around for a while , and had heard great reviews back when i was in undergrad . i ordered the yellow curry , and it was by far one of the worst i have had . you can tell the ingredients are canned frozen prior to be added into the curry . the chicken was mushy and in very small pieces . i also had the spring rolls to start and they were quite good and large in size . would n't not recommend this place as i was so disappointed with my order . would also like to add that they forgot to include rice with my delivery order ... it was curry ... how could they forget . for a better curry , check out pai , been there a few times now and always leave with a smile", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my 2 stars is not the food - it is the hostess without the mostest - jenni . people who are contradictory in their ridiculous seating policy should understand that plus or minus 4 or plus or minus 6 should be easily accommodated when a reasonable explanation is being offered . seating some and not others - and imposing your policy that your door greeter ca n't get right ... gim me a break ! things to say to make things better : `` i understand your frustration '' `` i apologize for the misunderstanding '' `` thanks for your patience '' food is great and will probably bring me back - but i hope to be greeted by other staff .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fantastic restaurant hidden away upstairs , a go to place for quick and easy bite to eat ! they have fantastic green curry , and their pad thai is great ! one of the better quick eats in downtown toronto .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there 's nothing wrong with 3-stars , i do indeed believe this to be a-ok . it is inexpensive , fast , has a lively atmosphere , and the food is good . i believe all meals are under $ 10 , including steamed rice . they have a heat-scale of mild or medium , then 1 , 3 , 5 , 10 , or 20 chilies . i only ordered my dish as `` 3 chilies '' one time and found it to be quite hot . i believe there might be some inconsistencies with the heat-scale , since some other reviewers have said that their 3 chili dish was not hot , but maybe it was just me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love salad king . there was a time when i would eat here once a week ... . sad . but i love it ! the last time i went the host was a bit of the ditz but my server made up for her bitcyness . the food is great for something that cost 's under $ 11 . if you are hungry after eaton centre or class then i would defiantly check it out . i 'll be there again this week . = )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so spicy . for the price the place ca n't be beat . i would say it 's much better than pi toms near yonge and college and cheaper .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here multiple times , and everything i 've ordered has been delicious . the prices are reasonable and the portions are big , which is a huge plus ! service is quick and friendly , and the food arrives relatively fast too , even when it 's busy - and it can get real busy ! my mom does n't like thai food or spicy food in general , but i took her here and she really enjoyed it ! highly recommend for anyone attending ryerson , considering it 's so close and overall a great experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went on with this on like total gamble , but came out with total satisfaction ! they served some amazing food . had the best noodles in life ! also very quick service . very affordable loved it . again for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always fast service , delicious food and great decor . i highly recommend the veggie pad thai with 5 chilis !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "2 people . lunch time . busy as usual . greeted by nice and pretty waitress . seated in less than 1 min . noisy and cheerful environment i like that . order food . roughly 10min wait . got the pataya chicken , friend got phud thai and a side dish of spring rolls . all delicious . washroom clean . -1 star for taking forever to refill my water . would eat here again . ye", "score": "4"}
{"review": "salad king provides a comfortable ambiance and the food is pretty decent . i 've found i 've had better ( and cheaper ) pad thai just down the street at another small establishment . the curry was also good . unfortunately , the server was n't very attentive and i could n't even get his attention to refill my glass . since we are seated alongside and across from other strangers , they noticed , but could n't help lol", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here on a friday night and there was alot of people and the food seemed to be good . i was very disappointed at the food . we ordered some stir fried rice noodles and a seafood combination plate and both lacked good flavour and not one of the better thai places around downtown", "score": "2"}
{"review": "slightly better than thai express for pad thai . the other dishes ( curries and stir fry ) are quite tasty though . come here a fair amount because it 's at such a convenient location .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "while there is a lot of good going on at salad king i was disappointed by the food . great atmosphere , fast service , polite staff and cheap prices . but the chicken cashew dish i ordered was drowned in a watery sauce and the chicken was chewy with no flavor . my girlfriend ordered a mango dish that tasted a lot better . this was the second time i had gone here and not enjoyed what i ordered . i guess its hit or miss . overall , its alright , but i wont be going back anytime soon .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's alright . i remember it being better at their old location before it was burned down . i feel the portions have gone down in size and so has the quality unfortunately .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "used to be good . extra small portions now and more expensive too ! the tiniest portion of sashimi you 've ever seen ! no more cash takeout discount either . boo in general .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the place is small but there is no wait time even for a saturday night dinner . service was not great , the waitresses barely talked to us . first , it was an inconvenience for her to inform us they were out of a certain dish . second , when another lady delivered our steamed veggie pot , she was stirring it madly as if trying to find something , then went back to the kitchen without saying a word . she came back eventually with which i assumed was the same pot with the other hand scratching her face on top of our pot . after we paid and asked if the dessert will be coming , the lady said : `` you are too early . '' food quality is decent in small portions . probably wo n't be coming back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i took my car here after reading all of the other five star reviews . my cadillac had bumper and hood damage . it needed to be repainted and the bumper had to be replaced . i 'm very happy with the work that was performed . not only does the paint look like the original paint but they also provided me touch up paint and a warranty . these guys rock .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i reached out to several other places before i decided on this one due to their 5 star overall rating . i spoke to both patrick and mike and they were both awesome . not just them , all the people i spoke with at the front desk were friendly and i felt welcome . they were accurate in their estimate of how long it would take to fix my front left bumper . they matched the insurance quote . i dropped off my car to them dirty and with my tire pressure light on . by the time i came to pick it up on saturday , the interior and exterior looked super clean and they even left me a bottle of paint for touch-ups from dents made by car doors hitting my car , etc . and my tire pressure light was fixed , too . loved that . overall , i 'm super happy with my service and overall job . i will definitely be back should their services be needed again . ps . lifetime warranty and mike is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking thru all the list ( state-farm ) email me for repair shop , my man mike took care of me when i first call to check if they were able to do a repair thru insurance claims . drop it off the next day , got my estimate , couple days later it was ready to pick up . very professional , great service , highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nobody likes to have to deal with a car repair of any kind , body damage is included in that statement . we all know how people drive in this city so it 's inevitable that you will need a body repair shop at some point or another.. that said , i found lv collision center on yelp and as usual , the yelpers did not disappoint ! patrick here was fantastic . he was in touch with me through the entire repair process , not to mention they made getting my rental car as easy as possible by having enterprise pick me up ! my car looks brand new and aside from the over charge ( with immediate reversal ) that messed up my account for a couple of days , i had a stellar experience with them and would highly recommend them for any and all body work repairs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "las vegas collision center did a stellar job ! i decided on them because of their great yelp reviews and i was definitely not disappointed ! i had work done on my back bumper where i had been rear ended a week prior and i had nasty marks down my drivers side where someone keyed the entire side of my car las summer . patrick was amazing in setting everything up and getting my car into the shop quickly , even offered to schedule my rental ! i paid the key damage out of my pocket and he even noticed me of their $ 89 voucher for $ 200 off ! it was a quick turn around as well . i dropped my car off monday morning and had it back on friday morning . they kept me up to date on everything along the way and even did a walk through with me after to go over repairs ! ! everything looks brand new ! ca n't thank you guys enough ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will never take my car to another auto body shop in vegas . everyone working there was so honest and kind , especially michael and jack who i spoke with personally . it really put me at ease knowing i was n't being taken advantage of . my front bumper was hanging off and dragging underneath my car . i could care less about appearances so i was just looking for the cheapest fix and i definitely got that- they fixed it for free ! and not once did they try to talk me into spending money that i did n't need to . i was blown away . thank you all so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here to see if they could fix my front number , which was lifting up on the sides due to broken clips . not only did they fix it , they got it done in about 20 minutes ( i did n't have an appointment , i just walked in ) and on top of that , they did n't charge me a dime ! these guys run a top notch business and are genuinely concerned with serving the customer as best they can .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "once again , jack and his crew did phenomenal work ! ! ! ! we had our bmw completely repainted last july at las vegas collision ( in their before and after pics on web site ) and just recently we did a little damage to the front bumper from a parking stop , ( lowered car . park stop hooked bumper ) . even though they were busy we got the bmw back in a very timely manner , ( 4 days ) because of jack and his crew and their attention to detail and quality of work , anyone that ask 's for a good body shop , we always recommend las vegas collision ! ! ! ! fred & becca c .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently , i had my 2010 toyota corolla repaired at this location . from the very beginning jazmin and the lvcc team have stayed in contact with me about the work they were doing as well as any updates about my vehicle . they also did a really great job restoring my vehicle and making it look brand new . just want to say thank you to jazmin , jack , anna , patrick , mike , mark and the anyone else that may been involved in this project .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very satisfied with the service i got from them . they were very professional and nice people . my car looks amazing . i highly recommend their business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i brought my 2016 toyota corolla to las vegas collision center after a car accident & they did an awesome job . all the employees are nice & very helpful . thanks to mike , the manager , that waited on us to pick up my car on a saturday after their office hours . i did n't know that they close @ 12 noon on saturdays & i got there a little past 12 noon . i will definitely recommend this place to my co-workers , friends , & family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i got in an accident not too long ago , and she posted a review about how awesome these people are . you can read all about how amazing the process was . after having the car back for a couple of days , we noticed a couple of things . the back passenger side seatbelt was n't connected , and the buttons on the right side of the car ( window , lock unlock ) were sticky because when the accident happened , powerade flew all over the right side of the car . we showed up today without calling , setting an appointment , or even letting them know we were going to come in . we show up and talk to mike , and he asked to go look at the car , he said `` give me 30 minutes '' . without even letting him know we were going to come ! ! 10 minutes later he comes back and both of the problems were fixed completely . i can honestly say i 've never had better service from somewhere that deals with car repair . thank you guys so much again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was awesome from the beginning . told me how long my car would take to get fixed . said they would arrange for car rental to pick me up and take me to get car . my visor was broken and fixed that complimentary . thank you for that ! when i picked up my car they did a walk through , gave me a goodie bag , gave me touch up paint for spots not from car accident . customer service was top notch ! i 'm not from vegas and was worried and skeptical about taking to a place i found on yelp ! i highly recommend this company : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the business really makes a good impression . the office is clean and welcoming compare to the other collision centers we have been to . the staff are professional , friendly and very down to earth . we were just driving by and i am so glad we did check this place . the estimate was reasonable and lowered than the other quotes we got . we got our car back today , and i think they did a good , neat job ! please continue to provide an exceptional service ; it sure not easy to find in this city . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an owner-operated company that is both very skilled at vehicle repair ( they made my truck look new ) and is very attentive to customer service . they quoted me a very competitive price and delivered on their time estimate as well . they went out of their way to take good care of me ... a first-class company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phenomenal job on my dodge charger ! ! ! mike gave the best quote in vegas . took only 2 days for them to replace my bumper . in addition , they washed and detailed sofia `` my charger '' very well . i 'm extremely pleased and i 'll definitely do more business with them . staff was very friendly and helpful as well . very happy with the results . thank you so much ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ... las vegas collision center is incredible . the work they did , the turnaround , and the customer service . mike and patrick were great from the beginning . definitely get any car repairs you need done here . thank you again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty much no complaints . they were efficient , got things done , went above and beyond to make me happy , worked with me on my deductible ... just a very pleasant and professional experience . would definitely use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! ! ! ! was recommended to collision by a friend and i 'm so glad i was able to receive the help i needed . mike was the kind gentleman that assisted me and even offered to stay a little after closing to help me ; as i made my way to their shop . he greeted me and treated me with the utmost respect . he also provided me with the best service and repair quote for the damage to my car . i 'm so lucky to have been referred to collision ; from my experience with mike , i feel comfortable to come again for any of my car repair needs . so thanks again , mike !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the only place to have auto body work , mike was wonderful . all signs of an accident are gone , my car looks like new and the work was done in one week . these guys are amazing . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found las vegas collision after being rear ended and in need of an auto body shop . after reading all the great reviews , i stopped by for an estimate and once i left , i knew this was exactly the place to fix my car . every interaction with the team , especially , marc , patrick and jazmin was awesome - from the customer service to the job they did fixing and cleaning my car ! i highly recommend them ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , great body work , exquisite paint ! truly the most amazing collision center with all the certifications to meet customer demands . the collision center worked around my schedule and turned it around in less than a week . i dealt with anna the whole time , and she was always reachable . going through my insurance was a breeze and the final bill was exactly as estimated , not a penny more . no hidden bs , honest , fast , and the best quality body work i have ever seen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would highly recommend ! ! ! i brought my car in on tuesday and picked up my car on thursday , car looked great and i was very satisfied . thanks to everyone for making my experience painless .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never been in a car accident before , so i felt very uneasy with the whole car repair process , but from start to finish the las vegas collision center employees were amazing ! every single one of them were so professional and welcoming . they helped me understand the process better and kept me up to date with my vehicle , which is the only thing anyone can really ask for . i highly recommend coming here for repairs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my second time with them this year alone . hopefully my last one . the employees were so nice and wonderful . got my car back today and it looked awesome . they gave me extra paint for future use . i really liked how they cleaned my car inside and out . thank you so much guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time ever having to go get my car fixed after an accident and when we got there we were immediately greeted by mike who came out to our car and warmly greeted us . he explained what the process was then brought us inside to this very clean comfortable waiting area . the lady who was super nice also helped us but i forgot her name she offered us cold drinks and we had some candy that was laying out for guests . awesome customer service . so we ended up getting a rental car and i was back in 3 days . oh my god i was so happy and amazed when i saw how they repaired it . the rear area looked brand new i could not believe it and on top of that they went out of their way to clean my car inside and out and my headlights looked like brand new and even my dirty hubcaps and tires were super shiny . i 'm just so happy with the work that was done they went above and beyond my expectations . amazing work and staff . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the second time ive been here , this time the damage was worse than the 1st time . they all did such a great job on both incidents ! ! my car now looks completely brand new . im so glad i chose this place the first accident . there is a reason for all the 5 star reviews , and im not exaggerating . i noticed they even fixed some scratches on the front of my car , that wasnt even from the accident . that right there was icing on my cake ! they have great offers and awesome customer service too . my car was also ready the exact date i was told . they took care of anything i needed . if i ever have any more work that needs done.. i will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "where to start from , i do n't even know . when i crashed my car i had uncontrollable tears and felt so helpless . i called lvcc to see if they would be able to help me and the gave me the hope i needed for my car . i took my car in and they took less than 10 days to fix it . they even helped me with my rental car . when i went to pick up my car it looked brand spanking new and i could n't be happier . it was perfect ! their customer service was impeccable ! i 'll be recommending everyone i know to them ! lvcc will always be my first choice ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shout out to tony . i came to them because i was in an accident and tony made this whole ordeal so much easier to deal with . he got me a rental and contacted me every step of the way with the process . i want to thank the technician , painters and everybody that made my car brand new again . you guys are awesome and i really appreciate you all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome job , friendly people , they go the extra mile for you . if your smart you wo n't go anywhere else in vegas . thank you patrick and mike ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had some repairs done on my 2013 mazda at las vegas collision center a few weeks ago and have nothing but good things to say ! the customer service of everyone that i encountered was incredible . the repairs were done in a very timely fashion and my car looks as good as new ! las vegas collision center went above and beyond in regards to the repairs and customer service . i can not recommend them enough ! i will be sending everyone i know that needs repairs their way and if you are in need yourself , look no further ! thanks everyone at lvcc ! i am very satisfied with your services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my vehicle work was miniscule , but upon retrieving my car , it 's like the damage was never there at all ! quote was fair , color was matched to the tee and loved the touch up paint bottle they send you off with . the reusable bag from the receptionist was a cute touch also . and side note , real glad my brakes were n't squeaky . not sure if it was because they detail your car after the work . but i was real appreciative . great experience there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have nothing but amazing things to say . did an amazing job fixing my car . would refer it to everybody !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i was just driving through a parking lot of starbucks and as i was passing through , this guy did not see me and he ended up backing into me and messed up my rear right bumper . this is the first time it happened , so i made some call and las vegas collision center was my opinion the best . they also offered lifetime warranty which is awesome . patrick ( who was very helpful and friendly ) called me and said that the insurance company reached out and was approved so i dropped my car off on monday and got it back on thursday . it looked great like nothing happened . mike the repair manager , gave me the run down on what they did and he was very detailed . they even detailed my car ! thank you las vegas collision center !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great color match and prep ! looks fantastic ! in the past six months lv collision has replaced and painted my rear bumper and most recently , painted the hood and right fender . thanks again to patrick and the front office ( that are great to work with ) , also mike for the follow up and whoever the paint guy is . your quality work and craftsmanship is appreciated .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my s2000 got tbone so i called my insurance n they referred to las vegas collision.. towed the car to the shop and after one week i got my car bk as they promised . the worked done is phenomenal i am more than satisfied.. staff are very accommodating.. so after one week i noticed that i cant adjust my seat ( driver side ) i called mike n he ordered the parts n today they fixed it ... . free of charge.. thank you guys for evrything : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they were fast and did an amazing job ! ! easy to communicate , easy process , quality work . went above and beyond ! ! ! i am happy with the results ! ! thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys were absolutely amazing . you 're doing yourself an injustice if you do n't at least get a quote from them before you make your repair decision . they did an amazing job on my truck with the budget that i had to work with . they are upfront and honest . the owner even went out of his way and spent his own money for extra part of my vehicle that was not in the original quote . he did it out of the kindness of his heart . that 's rare to find these days and very much appreciated !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "las vegas collision deserves more than 5 stars ! i was rear-ended and had significant damage to my bumper and exhaust system . they repaired my volvo and now it looks like new again ! everyone we worked with was courteous and professional . special thanks to patrick who was in charge of my repair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service and turnaround time . i dropped my car off on a monday and had it back ( as promised ) on friday of the same week . these guys have the best customer service of any place i have encountered in las vegas-they even detailed my car which made it look better than the day i bought it . although i hope i never get in another car accident , they will be my number one choice for collision repair . it 's been a little over a month since the repairs and i am more than satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these people are phenomenal ... they went above and beyond for me and i ca n't thank them enough for the work they did to my car..i was hesitant to bring my car to a body shop because of a bad experience i 've had with another body shop in the past but i 'm glad i brought it here..if you want the best work and amazing customer service..this is place to go i highly recommend them to anyone ! ..i myself give them 5 stars..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great work and quick turn around ! only body shop i would recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extremely professional friendly customer service . patrick went above and beyond got my car back to me in less time then he had quoted . extremely satisfied if you need collision repair of any kind these are the people to go to", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so my bf found this place because of the 5 star . a couple months ago i got into a car accident and the bumper was scratch . they fix it and even clean the car and everything went great but later we noticed that the bumper was kind of hanging and the lights fog was n't working and also the horn was n't working we did n't have time to take it in and til now they 've been so helpful and nice they help us fix the bumper and the lights and i guess the horn was not working because of normal wear and tear and not because of the accident . but they said that since we are the customer they decided to order a new one for us . i was so great and thankful they went way beyond to help us . i would definitely recommend this place . also the receptionist area is very nice and clean they have a little snack soda water and coffee for u", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! what an amazing company ! i can now see why they have the highest ratings in las vegas . i took my 2012 mustang in to there shop on a saturday morning . my drivers door would not open . there was also some paint damage and small dents . the receptionist was very warm and welcoming . within minutes mike checked out my car and gave me a quote . not only did they do an amazing job on my car they had it finished in a couple days . i am so glad i chose this company and very grateful to the owner jack for working with me ! i have already recommended this company to a couple friends . thank you las vegas collision center ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks mike and everyone at las vegas collision center . for making my life easy . this was the most quick and painless transaction i have ever had dealing with a body shop . you guys are great , customer service from beginning to end was awesome . thanks again mike for taking care of all the aspects of my claim , dealing with the rental car company and my insurance . which i bet was not easy ! i will make sure to tell all my friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had got my bmw rear ended on the freeway , so i towed it to las vegas collision center and that was it . from start to finish they kept me informed about my repair status . my car was so well repaired it just looked like brand new as if i had pulled it out of the dealership ... highly recommend ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another mr hero option located in cleveland hts . staff excellent and the food as well ... great job ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great new mr . hero ! super clean , friendly workers and not mention amazing sandwiches ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in to pick up some sandwiches for the homeless men and women i take care of . i usually make them myself but , i 'm having a pretty tough week . i went in and ordered a few meals . the order was n't much . you should have seen how excited my guys were . the restaurant itself was clean and the staff was wicked friendly . the people i help were extremely grateful for the delicious food . i 'll definitely be back . thanks for the speedy service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for the price ( $ 11 ) you ca n't beat it : king 's is a straight up , old-school barber shop , complete with signs about goin ' fishing and a barber pole out front . these guys have been cutting hair while watching gunsmoke on the tv for a really long time . : morrie cut hair for years for airmen back in the day at rantoul 's air force base . conversation is the weather and illinois sports and things are real laid back . nothing real fancy here : there will be hair on the floor and nobody offers you sell you hair product after you 're done . but they will use that warm shaving foam and do a straight-edge razor shave around your neckline and sideburns . try finding that at the mall .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best barber shop i 've ever been to around urbana-champaign . the place is n't really what you 'd expect to be a business place . it 's really tiny place with a tiny parking lot . anyways , i 'm usually not impressed by the people who cut my hair because they just do n't seem to get what i need . but this guy nailed it . he 's pleasant and most importantly , he makes suggestions . most of us usually just get the haircut we we always used to get , but it really helps to have suggestions from a professional . and it 's the cheapest haircut i 've gotten ( $ 12 ) . and they 're the only barber shop in town who opens up at 8 am !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great barber shop . the guys here are consistent and know what they 're doing , i 've been going here since '012 and every time i walk in , i 'm confident that i 'll walk out with a good haircut . plus , you can usually walk in on some interesting stories from back in the day and learn something new !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this used to be my regular place to get my hair trimmed . i have recently been using another barber but i tend to go back here when he is booked . i attended here today and had my hair cut by chris . chris used to do my hair for a couple years but when i went in today after a 6 month hiatus i felt my hair cut was lacking . the sides and back were n't tapered that well and the floor was still covered in hair from the last worker . the price for a haircut is still cheap at $ 12 ( cash only ) , but i 'm not sure if i will be returning . there is also only one barber working at a time , but for the price it 's not bad but not great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm a regular here , but only because the protein shakes are cheaper than lifetime . the workers are far from friendly and act like they hate their job . it 's always a very uncomfortable experience when i go in . the drinks and other products are good , but the service really sucks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a way better deal then the cafe at lifetime . about half the price and just as good if not better . my secret is to ask for a butterfinger . it 's not on the menu , but it 's sooo good . do yourself a favor and check it out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "customer service issues at this location . i requested that my shake be fixed when it tasted like ice and they were unwilling to help .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dammit i just want a cool place with a decent smoothie bar and reasonable competitive supplements . this place is reasonable with its smoothie bar -protein ration to price offered . but the supplements are not competitive . plus the two times i 've been in . the two associates were split in their attitude - one being welcoming and mellow . the other being someone who would probably stare in a mirror all day asking `` whose the fairest of the gym '' ? i do n't care how pretty you think you are or how common you think the person is that came into buy product from your store - that `` commoner '' helps to keep your pretty ass `` royalty '' employed . if you 're looking for a good reasonable smoothie with high protein the juice bar is a thumbs up . but ask for less ice then you 'll get your whole protein shake verses a cup with an ice filler . they add too much ice and it takes away from the product your paying for . ( in my opinion it 's still a good value . )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i always stop here and get protein shake right after i get out the gym and it always taste good and always make sure it 's the most protein i can buy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place great staff very friendly and have incredible insight on products to recommend smoothies are brilliant and very tasty as well ! ! highly recommend for anyone looking to purchase supplements or inquire on better health and living .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to have a shake after working out at lifetime gym . staff are friendly and helpful , they go above and beyond to assist you with supplements . the manager is always on top of it especially if i have questions . they treat you like family and hands down for the best nutrition stop in az", "score": "5"}
{"review": "customer service is always pretty good here . only complaint i have is the overpriced supplements . otherwise this place is n't bad . smoothies are darn good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great customer service and products ! i highly recommend the butterfinger shake ! thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was so excited to try this place out , and unfortunately i was completely let down . i ask for a shake almond milk base , banana and vanilla , and it literally tasted like ice water with a hint taste of banana . do n't waist your time coming here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great shakes , great products and top-notch service . very knowledgeable and courteous staff . two thumbs up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in tonight in hopes of getting a smoothie but left a few minutes after due to rude staff . my boyfriend and i walked in and there were 2 guys and 1 girl standing at the counter talking to the employee on duty . we got nasty looks from everybody ( guess you have to be wearing workout clothes and look like i 'm on steroids to get friendly service ? ) i did n't catch the employees name , but he did have a neck tattoo.. he asked if we were ready ( while his friends stood at the the counter ) and we kindly replied back saying `` we need just 1 more minute : ) '' in which his friend then says with a snarky voice to the employee `` i do n't know how you do it man ! `` the employee then goes onto make a comment insinuating that we were being bothersome so we left.. if you dislike your job so much , quit . do n't be rude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "omg ! have you ever heard of a pbj smoothie ? ! ? ! i originally started shopping here to pick up my nutrakey l-carnitine ( they carry literally all of their products ! ) but i just got addicted to their smoothies , like the best ever ! ! ! ! ! make sure to ask for ryan , he is super knowledgeable and so helpful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped by for a post workout smoothie . the guys that helped me where really nice and knowledgable . the smoothie was great , it was smooth and creamy . most def going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great staff , awesome prices , and wide selection of nutritional needs . will continue to buy all of my workout products here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have a nice concept - they sandwich ice cream ( of your choice ) between two cookies ( of your choice ) . they also offer half portions . the ice cream is pretty good , although the flavors seem somewhat uninspired . they even have gluten free cookies . half a sandwich would set you back about $ 5 . a small pet peeve of mine is that you really ca n't see the ice cream before choosing - it 's tucked in the corner and you select from a menu . i do n't know about you , but ice cream i definitely eat with my eyes first . another small complaint is that they could also use some extra seating .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow this place is the greatest new ice cream shop in town ! i came across booyah the other day and was very impressed to say the least . way more fun and interesting than just eating ice cream from a cone . booyah sandwiches their ice cream between two delicious homemade cookies ! they have a great selection of amazing flavours of ice cream from kawartha dairy , as well as a few different types of cookies to choose from . i also noticed that they had a great assortment of freshly-steeped teas , though i did n't actually try any . they also serve gluten free , and dairy-free products for those of you with allergies or dietary restrictions . the prices are pretty comparable to most ice cream shops and the customer service was impeccable . i definitely recommend stopping by booyah . way better than any other ice cream shop in the area and a new and interesting experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for starters the place is popping , so show up and plan on a shirtwaist . if you 're getting the ice cream taco ask for a bigger shell as i noticed they have two sizes . staff are friendly and the smell of this place is ... well an ice cream shop so delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "booyah is the new school to dutch dreams old school ice cream in this little block . they take a modern approach to both the decor and presentation of the ice cream . i was drawn to the promise of an ice cream taco , with a selection of 'hard shells ' to choose from . i opted for the chocolate dipped shell with sprinkles , and chose from their wide selection of flavours and toppings . the end result had gold medal ( chocolate and vanilla ) , toffee ( delicious ) , and cotton candy ( pleasantly more cotton than candy with a creamy taste not overly sweet ) . this was topped with chocolate syrup , chopped skors bars , and cinnamon toast crunch . eating was a messy affair , which shows why they had waffle cones and bowls before they had taco shells , but the execution was solid . this combined with great service and a comfortable outdoor seating area makes for a surefire contender in this neighbourhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here during the summer with my sister . there road side paid parking . they workers were inattentive . there was no one in the store . they did n't greet or acknowledge us when we enter . when we were ready to order and standing in front of them they did n't respond and continued doing what they were doing . they only responded when we told them we were ready to order . i ordered an ice cream taco . i had mint chocolate chip , salted caramel and cookies and cream . the cookies and cream and mint chocolate chip were okay but it was really sweet . the salted caramel was extremely sweet and just bad . this place is instagram worth but the ice creams are just the average ones that you can get at any other ice cream parlour . service was horrible . will not come again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best desert in the neighborhood , imo . the cookies are fantastic and have gluten free options . i wish they had some more esoteric ice cream flavors but not every ice cream sandwich place needs to be bang bang . the smoothies and milkshakes are good as well . super spot to hit up in the summer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vegan options ! i will go far and wide to support a place that caters to vegans . so when i was craving an ice cream recently i made a point to check out booyah ! while i was a bit surprised that the ice cream and cookies were not made in house , i really did n't mind . the quality of both was great ( they use bunners cookies ! ) my boyfriend and i both ordered the half size , which is huge ! neither of us could imagine ever ordering the large . i had a scoop of vanilla and a scoop of chocolate in between a chocolate chip cookie ( all vegan ) . the service was really wonderful too . i 'll be going back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! great flavors , great selection , high quality ice cream . i got an ice cream sandwich with vegan chip cookies and vegan chocolate and vanilla ice cream . i had an orgasm in my mouth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ice cream was on par or even better than bang bangs ice cream . i had the chocolate and vanilla ice cream sandwich with a chocolate chip cookie . the ice cream was smooth and perfect amount was put between the cookie to make it easy to eat . on a hot summer day , this is the perfect thing to enjoy . if you 're deciding between half of a cookie and a full , go for the full . i decided on the half and it just made me want more ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was ok - bang bang is much better . they do n't make their own ice cream and charge extra to cut the sandwich in half .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very friendly staff ! my families first time here , it was delicious ! they even had dairy free ice cream which was made with coconut milk ( i think ) and it tasted so good . my son made a mess and they were very helpful with providing wet paper towels for easier clean up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for the ice cream taco i 've been seeing pictures of for a few weeks now . it 's pretty much just a typical ice cream cone in the shape of a taco . which just makes eating it more messy . it was tasty and came with three scoops with a decent amount of toppings . i think i 'll stick with a cone though for the future .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i want to give this place 3.5 stars , but do n't have that option . i had regular scoop of chocolate peanut butter ice-cream with waffle cone and my hubby had pistachio almond ice-cream cookie sandwich . the reason why i am giving 3 star is because the ice-cream was n't that good ( it 's from kawartha diary ) ... i 'm very picky about chocolate peanut butter ice cream and do n't like it when peanut butter is mixed with lot of sugar . my hubby said he wanted to give 4 stars as his ice-cream and cookie were good and hence 3.5 stars . this place is good but nothing extraordinary about it . most likely wo n't return . staff are very friendly , place is clean but you would have to bring cash to avoid atm machine charges ( which by the way is in their store ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went there by curiosity and will totally come back . half a sandwich is made of 2 scoops of ice cream between 2 half-cookies , more than enough and only 4.65 $ ! my brother got a yummy milkshake made of 4 scoops of ice cream for 5.50 $ both where delicious and ice cream very tasty , cinnamon really tasted cinnamon : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "who needs an ice cream sandwich when you can have an ice cream taco ! a crispy chocolate-dipped sprinkle waffle shell , two scoops of ice cream , whipped cream , sauce , and two toppings . it 's as crazy delicious as it sounds ! i had the marshmallow and birthday cake flavoured ice cream . s'more bits as a topping ! they also have dairy free soft serve ! i 'll definitely be back ! : d", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! ! this place is awesome ! ! came for the taco and boy was it great ! ! my friend had the sweet pocket and loved it , i must come back again to try the sweet pocket . the staff was so friendly , and the ice cream was amazing ! ! cant wait to come back next week ! ! see you soon booyah ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice to see someone serving kawartha dairy ice cream in the city - now if only we could get hewitt 's ! it 's hard to mess up an ice cream sandwich , so take this four stars with a grain of salt , but to be fair their servings are deceptively filling . before you line up , tho , make sure you have cash !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decided to check this place out because it 's new to the neighbourhood and the line up at dutch dreams was way too long . service was just okay - no greeting when we walked in or when it was our turn to order ( we were second in line so it 's not like we were hidden by a crowd of ice cream eaters ) . we ordered a full ice cream sammie to share ( and mentioned this ) so were a little surprised when it was n't cut in half to make sharing easier . flavours were adequate ; not terribly impressive ( cookies and cream ice cream with a double chocolate cookie ) - could have likely got better flavoured ice cream at the grocery store . oh , and cash only .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this may not be fair , as i 'm not a huge fan of ice cream or sweets in general . plus , i ca n't eat dairy . i thought this place was just ok . i had the only thing i could have on the menu as a non-dairy eater : vegan ice cream sandwich . i got vanilla soy ice cream in a big vegan chocolate cookie . the cookie was good ( if a little too sweet for my taste ) , and i liked how chewy it was . i did not like the ice cream , as the food scientists of the world have yet to make a soy-based ice cream that does n't taste ... soy based . i hoped they had better quality vegan ice cream , or more than just chocolate and vanilla . i ended up just eating most of the cookie and throwing the rest out . ah well . it 's a small place that primarily caters to people who can tolerate lactose , i guess i 'll just stick to my italian sorbets .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "yummy ! i highly recommend the toasted marshmallow flavour !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered 3 scoops of ice cream on a chocolates waffle taco . presentation looks great , but it 's just regular ice cream .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "these guys are a very welcomed addition to the neighbourhood . the ice cream they serve is from both kawartha dairy and ed 's real scoop . to the person who called their flavours uninspired i am completely dumbfounded . burnt marshmallow or maple bacon do n't do it for ya ? try the salty caramel snapper . i get it between the single cookie and its perfection every time . i 've been going at least once a week since they opened and they have n't let me down once . the staff are friendly , genuine and professional . some tips : cash only . the full sandwich is huge . about five bucks per person .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came at a less busy time so i got my ice cream taco right away after i decided on what i wanted . i enjoyed their flavours and toppings . it 's a bit pricey ( i believe i paid $ 8 for mine if memory serves me correct ) , but then which overdone ice cream place in toronto is n't ? it 's a great place for indulgence and considering the amount of time i waited for it , it was worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's not bad , but if i should list the ice cream stores i would visit again , booyah is definitely not among the candidates . the taco is special , but it 's hard to eat . and without having the crisp taco and ice cream in the same bite , it 's just a trick to make it seems unique .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nothing to write home about . dutch dreams was closed early for the particular day i was there , so i walked down the street to booyah . service was cold , uninviting , and the ice cream was definitely nothing special . i needed an ice cream fix and thank goodness they had the kiddie 's scoop for just $ 2.75 . perhaps , i should have tried their ice cream sandwich . i probably wo n't come back . : hours : 1 pm - 11 pm parking : street", "score": "2"}
{"review": "checked this place out today fo the first time . it was delicious . got a half cookie sandwich which was more than enough . rich and delicious . i cant wait to have an affagato on my next trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "popped in here on an impromptu dessert date with my friends ( 8 of us ) . the two people working were extremely patient with us as we all were so indecisive . i wanted to try their dairy free ice cream and it was yummy - especially if you like coconut ! i ended up getting the half double chocolate cookie , with the almond fudge and cookie dough ice cream ! there 's not a lot of space to sit there but definitely a cute corner shop , if you 're in the area - stop by !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here yesterday and it was so good ! ! i love how they have vegan and gluten free cookie options i 'm really happy with my purchase definitely going back and it 's going to be my new place . plus one of the worker was kinda cute hahaha", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite dessert spots for ice cream sandwich cookies in the city . the best . do n't hesitate . just do it . you wo n't regret it . although i have n't had it yet , the ice cream taco looks awesome as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always stopped by here after my run through the nearby ravine , which kinda defeats the point of the run ... but who cares because ice cream ! they have a good range of flavours , lots of ordinary flavours like cookie dough and nothing too unusual . the ice cream taco that everyone raves about is surprisingly bigger and more filling than i expected , but i actually prefer the cookie sandwiches . the cookies are super good , soft , and come in lots of different flavours . the staff are always really friendly and have lots of good flavour combination recommendations . love this place ! just wish it had a bit more seating as the inside can get cramped .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought this was place was ok. we ended up here after seeing the 1.5hr line up at dutch dreams . i initially thought of getting an ice cream sandwich but the base was two chocolate chip cookies which seemed like it would be overly sweet . the scoop of the salted caramel snapper lost its lustre after a few bites , but was made up for by the toasted marshmallow ice cream which quickly took me back to pleasant childhood memories around a campfire . prices are fair given that the portions are large , especially when served in a waffle cone . a double scoop in a waffle cone was ~ $ 6 . the flow of the store could be better . there was a throng of people at the counter and it was unclear who was ordering , who was paying , and who was waiting . they take cash only and apparently their atm had run out of money when we went . come prepared .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here on a monday late afternoon around 6pm craving for some cold sweets and booyah did n't disappoint . it 's a small shop nestled near a somewhat busy intersection so i was lucky to get there with almost no line . parking is free on the street after 6pm which is an added bonus . went to booyah with the sole intention of trying their `` ice cream taco '' - which was definitely a novelty item more than anything . the ice cream flavours we had were delfish though - a spicy caramel , pistachio and a vanilla fudge mix - topped with whipped cream , chocolate and caramel drizzle ! it 's definitely a sharing dessert item , unless of course you 're confident in tackling 3 scoops of ice cream and the taco on your own . i 'll be back to try their other flavours and offerings for sure ! heads up however as it is currently a cash only joint . there are a couple of banks within a 5min walk in the area though if you need cash or an atm in the store itself", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the only barber shop i will be going to from now on . i live in gilbert and i 'm still making the drive to have tony cut my hair and trim my beard . i have tony cut my 6 year old son 's hair and it 's the best cut the little guy can get anywhere . much better than the franchise places . other pros : great prices great hours tony is an experience barber and really takes his time with everything he does . his wife cuts hair upon request and special appointment but my wife says she is phenomenal ... .you 'll have to ask tony how to get one of the appointments . great barbershop conversation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found a nice little barber shop on power rd about a mile north of southern . kinda small but nice and friendly old style shop . nice guy , tony the owner gave the cut . when finished asked if i wanted eyebrows trimmed etc . instead of me having to ask which seems to be the norm at other places . good prices . ( only $ 12 ) . good conversation without being know-it-all-ish or booring , .like others only minor drawback is most places have a mirror facing you or on the side so you can monitor how the cut is coming along . they do n't have one here and had to trust . no matter , though , it came out just fine . note : hours on yelp say they open at 10:00 but they actually open at 8:00 , which is great because i like to get those type of errands out of the way early . i 'll be back , most definitely", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very little barbershop and it can enlighten you or turn you off , but you get great haircuts from both barbers . my only complaint is that tony can not do a fade , if you are looking for a well blended fade ask for ricardo .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "terrible . had to go back after i discovered he had left a long duck tail in the back and did n't blend my sideburns into my hair . would never go again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was n't down for a few months and needed a haircut so checked in at yelp to see who to consider . the reviews for tony 's looked good so i made the trip to power road and walked right in no waiting . very personable professional barber who knew his craft did n't waste time pleasant non-political conversation and i got a great cut . i will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time there for my wife and i we both had a great experience very low prices , friendly service a family business run the wayall businesses should be run we highly recommend ! ! bob and gerrie", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had my first haircut at tony 's today . great job ! tony is very professional and courteous . very good price too . had a great conversation during the whole process . i highly recommend this place for your next haircut . : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got a military high fade with a straight edge razor ... phenomenal job . thanks tony , see you in 2 weeks for another .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "high quality hair cut at a low price . great attention to detail hair and ears . a very nice looking hair cut . he takes appointments but accepts walk ins if the schedule is open . this is going to be my current barber .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been looking for an old school type barber that uses straight razors . took my son to tony before homecoming . and tony cleaned him up good . then i had him shave my head . tony is awesome . i highly recommend . i will be seeing this guy every week from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was the first time i had my hair cut at tonys . nice simple place . tony did a great job . when i got home my wife said she like it and that 's what matters most . i 'll be back for sure . thank tony .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loaded the yelp app so could post this review . yea , he is that good . this dude 's hours suck ! however , that is the only negative thing i have . i moved from west phoenix where i 'm accustom to these great mexican barbers everywhere . i have very thick curly hair and i had a lot of trouble finding a white barber who could create the great fifty 's hair styles i like . he does such a great job i will forgo a haircut if he is closed . he does a great job every time . he remembers exactly how i want it cut every time . he sells good pomade as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great find . takes his time and does a great job . never tries to rush you even if there is a line . i highly recommend this type of local business . cuts are $ 12 ( cash only ) . he has a lot of experience . all around great guy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband found this place and has had great haircuts . then , he noticed a stylist , adrian , was doing ladies hair in the next room . desperate for a haircut , i gave it a try . adrian cut my hair , which is not the best the greatest hair , and did a fabulous job . it looked great when she fixed it and it did the same later when i fixed it . their prices are extremely reasonable and they all do fantastic work . this is a hidden gem and i am so pleased i found tony 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tony always does a great haircut and beard trim for my husband ! he is always happy with to us cut and he knows what he is doing ! you ca n't beat the price of their work ! it 's definitely something my husband enjoys getting with a quality small business where the owner is involved in everything . we prefer those as opposed to a big company which may offer cheaper rates but not anything quality cut and they do n't do beard trims ! their prices are so fair and their work is quality stuff ! i need to get in to get my hair cut with adrienne and see the new place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was visting family in mesa last weekend & needed a haircut bad ! found tony 's barbershop while driving by . tony seemed like a very nice guy he did a excellent job on my cut . im not from the area and my brother in-law said id be spending about $ 20 on a cut around town , i was shocked tony only charged $ 12 . i normally dont write online reviews but this shop deserves it . thanks again for the awesome cut guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to look for a good barber today , and found tony 's barber shop in mesa . got a great hair cut and enjoyed the afternoon . shop is very clean and organized . also has a lot of old pictures of movie stars on wall . i will be going back next time . dan seal", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time in . said hello when walked in and asked what i was doing . after a short wait got a fade and looked great . earned my business will make my regular shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here last saturday to check out this place . it was my first time , i 'm looking for a new barber my guy ive been going to 10 years retired . nice place , good haircut for the price , i will come back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "adrienne did a wonderful job on my gel manicure and pedicure . she took her time and did a beautiful job . this will be my new place . i 'm def going to be a regular !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome job ! i brought our man-child here for his pre senior picture haircut and shave ... our kid had a huge head of hair and full beard , think teen wolf . tony took care of us and did some great work . the shop is clean , he took his time and even had a good conversation to our son ( who is autistic so that really was greatly appreciated ) . we found our new barber today . thanks tony !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came to tonys today because a friend recommended it . i got a great cut and very friendly place . i ca n't trust name brand places like fantastic sams , great clips , and so on . very glad i came here this afternoon ! ! ! definitely recommending it to my buddies at work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my dad here and met tony . a real friendly guy who keeps his shop very clean and sanitary . price is extremely reasonable and he did a great job on my dad in order to be prepared for my upcoming wedding . convenient hours and also takes appointments if needed . i 'll be taking pops here from now on . i just hope i have time tomorrow to stop in for a beard trim and line up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a find ! ! i visited adrienne for a vinylux manicure , ( regular polish that will last 1 week+ ) the manicure was so relaxing and i was able to watch one of my favorite movies ( on the in-salon television ) while she was applying the polish . not being in a typical nail salon , the service was much more personalized and i felt as though she took her time with me and i did n't feel rushed . i had such a great experience that i decided to book a hair appointment for later in the week ( bonus- she uses wella color , which gives such an amazing time to the hair- especially blondes ! ) . charming custom decor too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend this establishment ! tony is as good as it gets , and you can not find a better price . this is no great clips . tony takes the time to do it right . his haircuts are always precise and leave me looking and feeling fresh . keep up the good work ! i appreciate the exceptional job you do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time being at tonys & wonderful staff haircut , thanks guys also definitely going to be a repeat customer but i love getting amazing haircuts before events & work , i 'm a big of fades style & slickback 's", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its nice to support a local business like tony 's . tony is very courteous and personable . he took his time and did a great job on my hair . his establishment is clean and well-maintained , with the look and feel of a traditional barbershop . all in all , a pleasant experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was new in town and have been impressed with the level of service and the friendliness from tony . good guy . good business . good haircut .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent fast and courteous service . first time client but will be back . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this place out because of the other reviews , and even though tony was not in his wife ( adrienne ) was and she did an awesome job cutting my hair . i 've been used to trudging myself into cost cutters every month or so getting in for 15 minutes and kicked right back out . this place is awesome , adrienne was the nicest person and was great to chat with . i will be back and i 'm happy i found a barber shop again ! : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm new to the area so this was my first time at tony 's . i went based off yelp reviews and was not disappointed . tony did a great job , very meticulous which i appreciate . it 's obvious he appreciates his clientele . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my son in law to the barber ; found on yelp , great small talk , great service , great deals and overall great barbershop . i recommended anybody who wants a great haircut and to help support an independent business to come right in . i will be back every time from now and i can guarantee that !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "old school barber shop . tony does a great job and makes great conversation . definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to jennifer for two years now , and i ca n't get enough of her amazing work ! jennifer does a fabulous job of creating a more 'natural ' look for me . her work is clean and she pays attention to detail . i can honestly say that i have not had any issues with respect to the glue - no irritation . my lashes usually last 3 4 weeks before i need a fill . i have had many compliments on my lashes , many people , including professional mua 's have all told me my lashes look like the real deal . i highly recommend jennifer if you are looking for quality work with great pricing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best eyelash service i 've ever had ! i 've been getting eyelash extensions for several years now- both in new york city & toronto . jennifer provides the best service out of everyone ! she uses the highest quality products that last for 3 weeks until a refill . ( i had gone to `` mink '' and other places and theirs fell out after 1 week due to sub-par workmanship ) . she layers the false lashes in beautifully , so that they look natural and not scare fake..even if you want extra long ones for a special event . her prices are very competitive and she is the utmost professional . she always worked with my schedule & even squeezed me in last minute when i had to go to an out of town wedding . i ca n't tell you how happy i was after every visit to her . trying anyone else besides her is a waste of time and money . end of story .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a client of jennifer 's for a yr. a friend recommended her and i feel i need to pass this recommendation on . jennifer is amazing ! she is so detailed and the end result is perfect ! i love my lashes ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great lashes , they looks amazing , great prices as well , and good quality lashes and glue . i have had lashes before and the glue and lashes were bad . the glue would burn after done and lashes would go straight . jennifer 's products are amazing and are high quality . great service as well . very talented .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used to go to jennifer for my lashes and she always did an amazing job ! the lash hold was really impressive and she is both friendly and professional . she took a few months break for maternity leave and am excited to go back to her again since i noticed she 's taking clients again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used this store twice ( simply because of convenience ) but never again . they were rude my first visit about six months ago and yesterday i got the same treatment . for some reason they do not like giving you a printed receipt but tell you it will be emailed . i never received an email with the tracking info and when i called , andrew told me it was in my spam -- -wrong andrew . upon checking further at my insistence he told me `` oh i emailed it to myself '' . ok , were you going to let me know ? well , no actually since this is busy time of year . andrew is one of the rudest people i 've come across working in a customer based field . i will go back to using the ups store in westlake where they put customer service first and always have a smile .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was there a week ago and paid $ 1 for a return label . yesterday i went to the same location and the guy tried charging me $ 5 for something that i pay $ 1 for . he was very rude and disrespectful . i left and went to a different location and paid 35 cents for something that he tried charging me $ 5 for.. i will never return to this location again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these guys are the best ! ! ! only wish they had longer hours on saturdays ... because they were closed , we went to another ups store & that store closed at least 10 minutes early -- frustrating ! back to this ups on monday & we 're never going to any other store again ! this place is super friendly , fast & the team that works there goes out of their way to help -- from opening the doors when i have a heavy package , to reopening when they see me at the door a few minutes after closing . the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i want to thank the staff at the ups store in fairview park for all of their help . andrew and sherry have taken the time to educate me on the best means and ways to pack and ship my belongings and items that i ship . i would highly recommend their services for printing as well . as a teacher , i always have plenty of copies to make , and the services that the store provide are invaluable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are very friendly and professional here . and their shipping prices are competitive with the usps . this is a good location with great service and personable employees . thumbs up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thank goodness i am a total barfly . i was waiting for icepics to open , and got tired of sitting in my car . so i decided to drive around the area . just a few doors down , i found standard restaurant equipment . i did a dukes of hazzard-like screeching turn around a broken down bus and careened into the parking lot . i love kitchen gear . but i am underemployed , and was afraid i 'd spend a lot of money inside . but no . check it . for under $ 20 , i got a half sheet pan ( on sale for $ 6 -- down from $ 23 ! ) , 2 squeeze bottles ( 72 cents a piece ! ) , a muddler , a turner , an ashtray , and a dough scraper . hell yeah ! it 's williams-sonoma for welfare losers like me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "with a name like standard restaurant supply , you should n't expect many surprises for what 's inside the store . it 's a treasure trove of industrial appliances ( deep fryers , griddles , ovens ) , plates , knives , baking and cooking supplies , and more ! i felt like a kid in some kind of a store ( cool points if you know the reference ) ... food nerd that i am , i oohed and ahhed over the different supplies available . prices were reasonable too . a measuring spoon set for $ .90 ? a ravioli maker press for less than amazon 's price ? i 'm there ! the store itself feels a little grubby and does n't seem as big as the other store in mesa , but the selection is still great . service was fast and friendly . also , if anything , you should stop in to admire the comically huge whisks they have for sale . if the jolly green giant needed to bake a cake this is where he 'd get his supplies !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in today . there was a modest selection . most of the usual suspects were accounted for , but would n't you expect that ? after all , it 's a restaurant supply store . i was able to pick up about 60 % of what i needed , but that has nothing ( or nearly nothing ) to do with the 'meh ' rating . it was the service . the shitty , shitty service . two things i 'm not really looking for in a place i shop ? 1 . ) hearing an employee be fully condescending to a customer who has asked a legitimate , albeit simple , question . 2 . ) waiting to be rung up while the cashier stops bagging my order so that she can join in on the conversation that her co-workers are having across the store . yes , i really love that last one . awesome . maybe the 'b ' squad was running the show today . i hope so . if not , this place deserves 1 star .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place rocks ! when i was helping open the herb box restaurant we got some of our supplies here . then i came back for my own personal kitchen stuff because they have great deals !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whenever i review someone 's wedding registry and see things like `` insulated cookie sheets '' at $ 10 a pop , i want to take the couple to standard restaurant supply to show them what a real cookie sheet for half the price looks like . the staff there is incredibly friendly and they have everything you can think of , including stuff you have no idea what it does . i have to resist the urge to buy the 30 gallon stock pot , simply because i want to own a 30 gallon stock pot ( who would n't ! ? )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "four and a half stars . found everything on my list but a ceramic terrine for molding meats or cheeses . got a metal one instead . got a deep skillet with the lid included in 18 10 stainless steel half off ... .a steal at $ 40 . did well , overall . they gave me a thick catalog for free . they will order anything not in stock . many fun odds and ends for my home kitchen . was offered help finding things . they even checked back with me later . the cashier was possibly the friendliest and most helpful person i 've ever encountered in a store .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time checking things out . had a nice amount of items related to baking . as an amateur baker , i 'm not sure how costs compare if i was a professional . but still a nice variety . picked up some great quality items that will help improve my baking . nice that they have restrooms but the women 's bathroom was dirty , out of toliet paper and soap .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has really great pricing , best i 've seen so far in the valley . the only issue i had was that they did n't have baking tips sold individually and the variety of food dye brands were minimal . the staff is really friendly and the store seems to go on and on . if you are looking for inexpensive commercial kitchen quality utensils and equipment at a great price , look no further . but , if you are looking for something specific like individual pastry tips , this place does n't really fit the bill .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the past 3 times i have been in the store , they have been out of stock of basic items i need to operate my business . only one of the employees has a good attitude . it seems that this store lacks a manager that is working directly with the employees to empower them to help the customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is loaded with every imaginable thing that you need to store , prepare , cook or serve food . we had fun looking at all the stuff and bought a terrific swiss army vegetable peeler ( who knew they made them ! ) and some wine glasses and carafes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we bought a oven 13 months ago for $ 1400 . after fews months , we had a problem with . it does n't bake on the left side and burn on the right side . i threw away half of my products . a company came to fix it and change all motors and fans . we had to to wait 2 months for that but the oven does n't work better . under warranty i asked to restaurant supplies to change the oven or to take back this one and to buy an another one even more expensive . after several weeks of negotiations , they propose us $ 250 to take back it . i was n't agree because the oven always was under warranty but they di n't care . if you need spoons , plates it is ok but for your more expensive invest , choice an another more serious company", "score": "1"}
{"review": "be warned : the rooms are not particularly clean ! it 's as if they renovated the entire hotel but left the original showers , which are dingy and dirty . our shower had lots of hair in it as well as mildew mold in various colors . we also had hair in our bed and in the extra linens provided . no thank you ! ! ! also , if you want to know the level of cleanliness , check under the mattress . i gagged . worst hilton i 've ever stayed at . i do n't think hilton would be proud .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the hotel design itself is modern and the rooms are nice , having a kitchenette in each . however , i have a lot of cons . the room itself seemed only part clean . i ca n't stand seeing other peoples hair in the bathroom . i dealt with two different front desk staff and neither were overly friendly . i was n't asked if i wanted a water snack even though i 'm a diamond member . then when i asked about a late check out i was told flatly no . at the breakfast bar i asked if they had any sandwiches with meat and i was told they were all gone already . right , you ca n't go in the back cooler and grab one ? you 're telling me you have none for tomorrow 's service ? so lesson is get up an hour earlier to have a chance at meat for breakfast . i wo n't be back to this hotel .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pros : free breakfast , suite style rooms with kitchens , pool , you can reserve a highchair and crib , and free breakfast cons : slightly dirty . i was surprised that they only opened one year ago . carpets in hallways were dirty during the three days we were there . they use the `` eco '' shampoo and soap dispensers so there is no in-room lotion . when we entered room , the dishwasher had not been run so we had to wait for clean dishes to serve our child dinner on after a long trip . note : this hotel is `` only '' 8 miles from pittsburgh . it is a solid 30 minutes into the city during great conditions . friday afternoon evening it is more like an hour . you 've been warned ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just to year old this new venture by hilton is interesting , funky and has nicely appointed rooms . includes kitchen with full-size appliances . the sheets are the most comfortable i ever slept on . we were a little disappointed that the pool did not include a hot tub for tired our bones after traveling . my husband seem to have an allergic reaction to the saline pool the caused his eyes to burn . this is geared towards extended stay customers but they welcome one might stays .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "only open 16 days , and it shows in the sparkling cleanliness and vivacious friendliness of the staff . bests : breakfasts , coffee , shower , space in the room . eh : the room felt a little like a hospital room , and the decor on the wall looked like a toilet seat . overall : definitely would return ! well done , hilton !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a really good choice for overnight stay on our road trip . it 's a longer stay place , with kitchen . room was nicely decorated , fresh and bright , and immaculate . nice selections at breakfast but breakfast bar closes at 9 am . it 's a solid 15 minute drive from the pennsylvania turnpike , but worth the trip in light of the pathetic hotel options nearer the highway .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice , clean and enjoyable place to stay while out of town . any property owned by carrying the hilton name speaks for itself . have stayed about 10 times at this hotel and probably 20 in home 2 in last 12 months . highly recommend this property", "score": "5"}
{"review": "with the exception of housekeeping staff , the worst customer service i 've experienced . i spend more time in hotels than i do at home , so my expectations may be too high . i try to stay exclusively at hilton properties but can not recommend this particular one . get with it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i can not recommend this place highly enough ! all the amenities on the website were there ! clean rooms , hotel smelled newly renovated ( i was surprised to hear it was over a year old ) , heated pool , washer dryers . hotplates available if desired . exercise room was decent ( if you need more , they offer 5 free days at the la | fitness next door ) . included breakfast was tasty , varied and more than sufficient , complimentary coffee , apples and hot chocolate available 24 hours - wifey says the coffee was decent ( i 'm a hot chocolate fan ) . if you 're on foot , many types of shopping and food are available to you with a short walk down the hill , with more to come ! its an area under development . cons : sliding bathroom door was challenging to lock unlock .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stayed here overnite after i was assured by a customer service rep that they would provide induction coil , which was important for us as we wanted to cook a meal for our toddler who had n't eaten the while day . apparently that is against the hotel policy , and we should n't have been told that and that was communicated to us by completely imbecile staff ! ! the staff here could certainly benefit from courses in communication - rude , obnoxious , curt and totally lacking in compassion . and the manager in the morning who was equally curt and offered to waive the charge off like she was doing us a favour ! one staff member , bev , saved the day for us and it was because of her that my child was able to eat . note to hilton : promote people like bev- if there are more people like her , i 'll be inclined to come back and tip more .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've stayed here twice . large , modern rooms with nice kichenettes . hvac worked just fine both times i stayed . maids are polite and professional , desk staff is a little uneven . rooms are clean , although the non carpeted area can get a little sticky . you might not find this on some mapping software because the road is relatively new . the yelp address is incorrect , it is pittsburgh ( mccandless ) , not east pittsburgh . close to a good sub shop ( dibella 's ) and a good ice cream shop ( handel 's ) with more shops coming across mcknight road .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "immediately upon checking in noticed the bathroom continually smells of sewage . thought i 'd make do for the night and just push through . next morning went to make coffee only to find moldy coffee in carafe from some other guest . weird spot , feels like new but bathrooms look like gut jobs . bottom line is i would n't recommend staying here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stayed for a work trip and was pleasantly surprised . staff was very polite and helpful . hilton seems to be the best for consistency across all their brands . first time staying at this concept hotel and i liked it . lobby was fun and colorful which is always a plus and the constant fire pit in the front of the hotel gave a nice ambiance as you walk in . my biggest issue was noise . the walls were a little thin and with a 2 kid family staying right next door this made for quite the background noise . on top of that , while i loved having a fridge in my room the noise that came from it , constantly , was a little mind numbing . however , it was in a great location for where i need to be . so happy it was close to a trader joe 's so i could stock up the noisy fridge with food i like .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "and unexpected plumbing problem put me in this hotel for a few days . let me just say ... this has become my # 2 favorite hotel ( # 1 hyatt airport ) . it was a suite . a king size bed , large closet , bookcases , conference table , full size fridge , microwave , and dishwasher ; couch with an ottoman ... just wow . it even had a `` curtain '' to separate the couch tv desk area from the bedroom area . i did n't use the gym or pool but they were options . i planned on using my aaa but received a better discount on arrival with my work id . highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enjoyed the stay in this hotel..it was clean , comfy and very modern..its decor is soothing and contemporary..i felt relaxed ..it has all the amenities of a hotel plus more..a small kitchenette ..dishwasher , microwave , knife..spoon..evrything.. bathroom was nice too..clean and practical ... the reception area was nicely decorated with lots of comfy chairs , sofas..u can even seat outside ubder the shed n have breakfast ... the breakfast buffet was good , fullfilling ... u can get scrambled eggs , waffles , fruits , juice , coffee and tea.. the location was perfect too..its very close to the main attractions of the city..n there is a mall close to the hotel ... about front desk ... mm yeah they are not the friendliest people on earth.n they can work on their customer service ... otherwise its is very nice hotel..def im gon na come back..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jcpenney has really stepped up there game the past few years . more trendy options for all ages . they offer designer brands and more quality for half the price . you wo n't find the big named designers but what you will find is nice pieces . items that are a bargain and super sales that help stretch the dollar . the shoe selection has really improved . for ladies we can find some cute heels and hip boots to wear during the winter . the jewelry selection is still nice . options from the low end to the high . you can find traditional daily jewels to the nice forget me not pieces . jcpenney in this location has men 's , woman 's , children 's , sportswear , shoes , lingerie , jewelry , toys , housewares and portrait studio . it is located at the spectrum mall in phoenix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been quite awhile since i have been in to a j c penneys store . so al lthe more reason to check it out once again . this location has been here for as long as i can remember . penneys started way back in 1902 so they have a long history of sales . you ca n't be around that long and not know what you are doing right . they have remodled the store and it looks pretty good . good products for sale and great staff make it a winner . the thing i do not like , the crazy parking lot ! it is always nuts around here . just do n't try to park near the door . park far away and walk up . though then you run the risk of everyone trying to hit you up for cash or something . good store though and right next to costco .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have to write this review on the jewelry counter . my wife wanted to buy some ear rings and there was one family being sold a watch . there was one person tending to the jewelry counters . we could overhear him pressuring them into the extended warranty for the watch . after about ten minutes they finally gave in and purchased it . we are waiting , the overall wait was about 35 minutes . when he was finally done with his sale , he just walked off . we never received a i will be right with you , hello , or even boo . we had to get his attention to try and look at some ear rings and he came over with an attitude . ended up talking to the manager for such bad attitude and poor customer service . i could n't see going back there , to the jewelry counter or the store .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this store is sooooo boring with such bland choices . they recently opened up a sephora ... i 'm thinking it 's to bring in more business from a younger crowd . wrong move in my opinion , jcp appears to be geared towards elderly women with their style selection .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my mom took me here to buy me some `` modern '' clothes because i mostly wear vintage . i found some great pieces in the juniors dept like stuff from nanette lepore and olsenboye brand had clothes that are surprisingly cute . prices are pretty good . the selection of clothing is n't huge , but that 's ok . i found more quality pieces , which is the best anyway .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dear reviewers reading , i normally go to the arrowhead jc penny , its nicer and bigger . i read he reviews on here saying that this one is bigger , i could honestly say they did n't carry a large selection of dresses here at all . also the ladies selection here is much smaller . i was disappointed and left .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love penny 's sales 2 pairs of shoes - originally $ 60 and $ 65 on sale for $ 29.99 and $ 39.99 hesitated about buying in front of a manger who knocked both pairs down to $ 12.99 and $ 21.99 reversible skillet - $ 15.99 sunglasses - $ 11.99 purse - $ 4.78", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would really like to give this store a 3.5 as it 's slightly better than your average department store but not quite a four star caliber place either . conveniently located on the northern end of the shopping mall it has it 's own direct to store entrance , which is nice so that i do n't have to go into the mall to shop . the store lay out is nice but sometime the space between the racks of clothes is too narrow . i really enjoy that there is no perfume cosmetics counters . instead they offer sephora which samples it 's perfumes in a much more friendly way so you are not accosted when first walking in . the staff is friendly but sometimes not enthusiastic to help you . the prices are decent and the clothes are of good quality .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "review for optical dept at jcpenneys : i find prices to be lower at jc penneys optical than at eye masters and lenscrafters . jc penneys optical had a sale price of 98 dollars for single lenses glasses including frames . at christown the selection of frames was small but i settled on a pair . the clerk was friendly and talkative -- but 2 weeks later when i returned for pickup she was the opposite . having a bad day ... had to return to the optical dept . for a problem with my frames . instead visited jcpenneys-arrowhead where they had a huge selection of frames . 3 or 4 times as many as christown . jcp-arrowhead had several clerks and one fixed my frames right away . frames were so stiff that i had to practically pry them open . never had that problem before ... i 'll buy my next glasses at jcp-arrowhead based on the big selection and the customer service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't consider myself needy but i do expect some attention when i go into jcpenney . how long has this store been around ? it is saturday morning in april 2016 . i am looking for a percolator . i am side tracked by a sale in costume jewelry - where i knock over a large broom leaning on one of the displays . crack , the long handle hits the floor . i am the only person who notices this . i pick it up and prop it up back where it was . back on track and the hunt for a percolator gee i think it would be nice to find a human being to ask . after several minutes searching through keurigs and mr. coffees i think - ok next store . on the way out i almost collide with a woman in a red jcpenney outfit - hello do you know if you carry percolators ? you need to ask someone else there at the counter and she points to an empty counter and scurries away . that is what i did too . customer service ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was so disappointed in my experience here ! we came in it was so messy in there . clothes were everywhere . the worst part was needing help and not getting any . we waited and waited for her to be done cashing out some customers and then she took off . we asked her if there was a food scale anywhere and she did n't know and told us to wait and after she cashed these people out she 'd help us . that was a huge lie . she had no intention of helping us at all . that was poor customer service in a messy store . i have this gift card for jcpenney and i will have to go to a different one that 's hopefully cleaner with nicer people .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible service . ordered a coffee maker through their website to be picked up at the store . i opened a new card to score another discount on top of a sale . i showed up to pick it up asking about the new card discount . he asked if i got the coupon i said no and he referred me to an 800 number . wtf ! i do n't think this guy cared about my business . i then asked if he could apply the rewards i was given . he could n't do that either with an excuse . i then said i did n't want the merchandise he then did a return without blinking . guess what you lost my business and i closed a brand new card relationship with you . reinforcement of why your business is declining . hello amazon and bed bath and beyond .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "their website sucks ! i 'd be in the middle of doing something and then the screen would freeze and send me to an error page saying the page moved or does n't exist anymore . i hate going into this location because they let the weirdest people into the store . i can never find anything in store even if the website said it was there . the staff is useless and only ever has two cashiers working no matter how long the lines are .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i got my haircut here and its so uneven . a mess . what 's weird is that when i showed up for the appt it was cancelled . the girl told at the cash register said she was the one who had scheduled the appt and thought i had cancelled it . what 's so frustrating is that the other haircutters must have known i would get a bad haircut and did n't say anything . me that the person said did i cancel . so then i had to make another appt . which i never should have done . so now tomorrow i 'm going to the store manager to show him or her my bad haircut and ask how they plan to remedy this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in my expierence working as a seasonal associate at jcpenny christown was quite horrible nobody really cares to train u they just put you right in the registers and constantly keep pushing you to open up accounts and if you arnt they let you know right away what 's goin on , automatically assume that your not asking and you arnt doin your job i honestly thought they were goin to keep me but they just throw u away when they do n't need you this job sucks and i wouldant recommend this job at all", "score": "1"}
{"review": "happened to stop in to see if i could get in for a haircut..i happened to get amber in the salon and i must say ... i 'm thrilled with the cut and the stylist ! amber is amazing ! i highly highly recommend her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a relatively newer built jcpenney that did n't have nearly as many issues as others during the recent `` new jcp '' debacle . they 're still under stocked in some merchandise , including home kitchen . i finally managed to use one of the good coupons they send in the mail , and the nice cashier was able to use a second ( less awesome , just the boring usual ) one for me on a separate item in another transaction . their home section is much less impressive than macy 's or bed bath and beyond , but i still managed to get a decent potholder and pyrex bakeware at prices comparable to bbb . note that this was on `` sale '' with coupons . their massively inflated sticker prices that they 're using again are ridiculous but apparently that 's what people want ... i 'm afraid the clothing is not for me though.. , i 'll stick with clearance calvin klein at macy 's and banana republic sale items .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like having a penney 's back at christown . the new sephora store within a store us awesome ! i like the clothing and home good selections . it us also nice to be able to order online and pick it up there - convenient . the staff seems really customer oriented even though they work with a diverse community they are affable with all . thw store us clean and organized .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they need more checkers , 10 people in line behind a woman with issues that took 20 min . to resolve . and the chastise did n't call for extra help .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thanks to the people of bixi , we have a useful , realistic alternative in our attempts at commuting in the city . on my last visit to montreal , i spent two days using bixi and it cost me $ 4.64 a day on my credit card . which i simply swipe to get a bixi . then i move amongst the 400 stations in montreal which house 5,000 bikes . why is bixi the bomb ? 1 . very inexpensive 2 . no maintenance required 3 . the bikes have undesirable parts ( avoids theft ) 4 . the bikes are designed to last , are safe , and plentiful 5 . sure , your bike is better , but numbers 1-3 do not apply . coming to a city near you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "be very very careful when renting these for the day . there is deceptive pricing . you can rent for the whole day but you have to check in every 30 minutes or else you get extra charges . you wo n't know this unless you read the extra fine print .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "utilisateur depuis 2 ans , bixi me fait faire de sacr\u00e9 \u00e9conomie en transport en commun . vu que je prend l'abonnement saisonnier 77 $ pour 5 mois contre 77 $ par mois mon choix est vite fait . j'aurais donn\u00e9 mon avis il y a 1 an j'aurais mis 3-4 \u00e9toiles . mais cette ann\u00e9es je suis vraiment satisfait . les v\u00e9los sont beaucoup mieux entretenus , et les stations bien r\u00e9approvisionn\u00e9es . apres le gros avantages par rapport \u00e0 l'ann\u00e9e pr\u00e9c\u00e9dente c'est l'application pour t\u00e9l\u00e9phone intelligent qui fonctionne parfaitement . car l'aide \u00e0 la station n'\u00e9tait d\u00e9j\u00e0 pas tr\u00e8s fiable avant . je sort de chez moi je check si il y a des v\u00e9los aux stations proche de chez moi ( j'en ai 3 ) . et je check si il y a des points d'ancrages dispo la o\u00f9 je vais et si c'est plein lequel est le plus proche . donc c'est vrai que l'application me facilite bien la vie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "why walk when you can ride ? i picked up a bixi bike and was pleased with the performance . it feels almost exactly like the same boris bike that i rented often in london . solid ride , three gears , good brakes and wide tires to eat up the bumps of a city road . the rental system is the same as london , where you swipe your credit card in the machine ( it accepts 'swipe and sign ' cards and probably 'chip and pin ' cards too ) and you pay a basic daily rate and then more depending on how long you keep each cycle . the first half hour is free . machines are scattered throughout the city so you are never too far from a place where you can pick one up or drop one off . tip : montreal is a big city . get a helmet and save your noggin , mkay ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "montreal 's fabulous rent a bike . you can find stations everywhere throughout the city , making for a convenient way to get around . secret : ride for 30 minutes and park at a station . wait a minimum of 5 minutes and repeat cycle . your $ 5 will get you a day 's worth of riding ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "il y a quelques semaine , j'ai eu de la visite et nous avons d\u00e9cid\u00e9 de faire le tour de montr\u00e9al \u00e0 v\u00e9lo . bien que j'ai mon propre v\u00e9lo , mon am amie utilis\u00e9e un bixi , ce qui lui a permise de laisser sa voiture stationn\u00e9e et se d\u00e9gourdir les jambes . bien que le v\u00e9lo fonctionne tr\u00e8s bien , quand nous avons rencontr\u00e9 une autre personne qui voulait se joindre \u00e0 notre groupe , nous avons eu de la difficult\u00e9 \u00e0 louer un 2e v\u00e9lo apr\u00e8s le premier sur une m\u00eame carte de cr\u00e9dit . somme toute , la popularit\u00e9 des bixi est impossible \u00e0 ni\u00e9e mais soyez pr\u00eat \u00e0 avoir une carte de cr\u00e9dit en main pour les utiliser .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely a bit of a scam for first time users who get a bad surprise on their cc bill when they do n't read the fine print . re-dock bike every 30 minutes and wait 2 minutes before taking out another to avoid charges ? lotta hoop jumping to avoid extra charges even if you do read the fine print .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the annual pass was purchased for me as a birthday present and i must say that i love my bixi ! i ride it everywhere and it gets me home all the time seeing as the metro stops so darn early . these bikes absolutely suck going uphill ( 3 gears ? ! ? come on ! ) but they are tanks : potholes , bumps and construction on laurier ai n't got nothing on a bixi . cars seem to steer very clear of me and i love slamming my bike into the docking station after a long day , it gets some of that pent up frustration out . i shed a tear as i saw a bunch of stations being taken apart this morning : ( winter le sigh", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought so many 1 day passes till i realized i almost spent enough for the whole season pass . so i went ahead and got the 30 day pass for around $ 30 ( there was an opus+bixi deal so i got it for $ 16 instead . ) pros : very practical and very addicting ! cons : you have to park the bixi at any station before your 30 mins ( or 45 mins if you are a member ) is up . then wait 2 minutes before you can take out another one . too many damaged bikes ! either something small like the bell not working or something big like loose chain , flat tire or loose breaks . still worth it though !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "utilitarian bike that gets you from a to b . it 's affordable . it works . they 're everywhere ! here 's the drawback - if you use your bank card debit card , it places a $ 200 damage deposit hold on your account for 5 days . they need to change that asap . overall , it 's a great way of getting around the city when you do n't have a bike of your own close by .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bixi is a great and cheap way to get around montreal if you are under 5 1 2 feet tall ! i am 6'2 '' and on the highest seat setting felt like i was riding a children 's bike . hurt my knees and back . weird since the bikes are otherwise identical to bike share bikes in ny and london . only the seat height adjustment is different .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "kudos to montreal for such a terrific and easy bike-sharing program . they 're all over the place and a super way to traverse the city .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love it . must try while in montreal . if you live in montreal , annual membership is so worth it . very convenient , and if something goes wrong you can phone them . very helpful . website tracks your riding info etc . very convenient . when you return a bike , make sure you see a green light . you might get a fine of $ 200 etc . bixi is n't built for a long ride . it 's made for stability and frequent stops and safety etc . ( not for racing , not for endurance . it 's made for tourism , convenience , and commuting ) montreal has a nice bike network . best online map for bikes here : http : www.pedalmontreal.ca", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have monthly passes . $ 5 for 24 hour rental etc ... good stuff if you wan na take a ride round town ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there 's nothing quite like exploring a new city by bike ! this system is something i wish every city in the us had - not quite sure it would work everywhere - but it 'd be nice . easy to use ( just read the directions so you do n't waste time like me trying to figure out how to unlock a second bike ) , cheap , convenient locations and , most of all , awesome ! if nyc had bixi , i 'd use it for shopping , when family comes to visit , barhopping ... love it ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best way to see the city ! so refreshing coming from toronto to a fully functioning bike city - very easy and accessible . i wish that bixi was as plentiful and organized throughout toronto !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great , and affordable , way to see the city the way the locals do . montreal has to be the most bike-friendly city i 've ever been to . plus , you can work off all that sandwich you ate at schwartz 's ! you may need a local to show you around a bit the first time or two . remember to give the bike you want a once-over before taking it out of the rack . if you have a smartphone , i would highly recommend getting an app that shows all the bixi stations on a map . there are even ones that will show you how full empty stations are ... . which is extremely helpful at times . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love my bixi . great way to transport yourself around the city , a lot cheaper than anything else in my opinion . very accesible throughout downtown .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're visiting and you need to get around montreal , bixi 's the way to do it . parked all over the city , you pick up a bike where you are , drop it off where you go - you do n't need to return to the same spot you picked it up from ( which is why it 's better than zipcar ) . montreal is a fantastic biking city , and as a total non-cyclist , even i hopped on a bike to trek around . words to the wise : do not pick up a bike and keep it out . return to racks frequently , lest you be charged lots o ' $ $ $ - see derrick v 's note about how to stretch your bixi dollar . also , they do n't come with helmets , so make sure you bring your own !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wonderful system . the last part of implementation is bixi markers on local tourism maps throughout the city as well as signage . there is an app to find availability docking stations and the number of openings , but if you have smart phone trouble , you have to rely on strangers . also , as noted in other reviews , fully understand the charges to maximize time money . it is not $ 7 24 hour day as we originally thought .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as a regular transportation and rare sport cyclist in austin i was unsure if these bixi bikes would be any more than a tourist old-lady novelty . it took my first ride to realize.. i was piloting a bicycle-tank hybrid ; and i loved it . strap in your crap ! run over that pot-hole ! ring your built-in bell ! jump that curb ! draft that spandex-wearing roadie ! attempt a wheelie ! laugh maniacally ! ring your built-in bell ! ring your built-in bell ! ram your bike into the docking station ! ring your built-in bell ! knock a star for the occasional buggy station software and busted bike ( though the latter issue is a user issue and not a system issue ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got my iphone repaired at this place in mississauga called space electronics they fixed it within 30 mins . amazing service and the rest of the staff there was very professional and knowledgeable and knew what they were talking about . i have gone to other places where they did n't seem to know any answers to my questions ! if you want your phone done right and proper i recommend these guys ! great job and thanks again guys . eric peters from brampton .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called the shop and got to talk to a guy called `` raffy . '' asked about a phone and said the he has it available and has only one left . got there and asked for the phone . he kept on looking in the back of his store but nothing . at one point even asked if i wanted a different one . made me wait for a long time with nothing . left the place ... wasted my time driving over there.. do n't go there . rude person .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stay away - this is a joke of a company and when you have an issue with your 'repaired ' device they will leave you high and dry . shoddy work !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i bought a slightly used iphone 6 from them . i brought it into the apple store and they told me the screen is not an original apple screen . i told the store owner about this and he told me i had to keep the phone and basically that there is nothing he can do . 6 months later the screen stopped responding ( could n't tap on icons , type etc ) . i had to pay an additional $ 200 to repair the screen through apple . atleast i now that its an authentic apple screen and not some replica which i was unaware or even told about from this place when i bought it . would never purchase a phone here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible . had to go somewhere else literally the next day to fix their horrible job at replacing my screen . they literally left out a million parts and told me it was my fault and i had done the damage . stay away , not worth saving a couple dollars . luckily crp on the queensway fixed their mistakes for free . this place sent me home with a non functional front camera but in the end we 're too lazy to connect it . ridiculous .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sent my iphone for repair lcd screen , got the phone back with a scratch on top of the screen . also glue start coming off after 2 days . would n't wan na fix their mistake , neither admit their fault . very rude service . blames the customer saying your usage is rough . do not spend a penny to these clowns . they have no idea what they are doing . will definitely ruin your device . stay away", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my best friend and i came here to satisfy my carb craving . the service was impeccable . we were promptly seated were briefed on what the menu offered . we started with the in-house freshly baked bread with our pepato formaggi and sopressata salumi to go with her gin and tonic and my limoncello . i liked that the olive oil that accompanied the formaggi and salumi had a bit of kick to it . after that , she had the seafood risotto and i had the seafood linguine . the pasta was perfectly al dente and marinella sauce was so delicious . overall , we had a comfortable and relaxing time . the servers were very gracious and laid-back . i 'll definitely visit again if i 'm craving italian !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are always on college st . such a great vibe ! we stumbled upon this restaurant that we never noticed in all our years going there . the patio looked pretty neat . so we said lets try it out . we were greeted by a hostess who mentionned to us that it is a long wait because all their foods are made fresh on the spot . i was like yes of course no worries . well this was a great dinner experience . we started with the fried calamari . unbelievable crispy yet tender . i had the seafood risotto and my husband had pasta carbonera . every bite was like heaven . the portion sizes were perfect so you dont have that overstuffed and bloated feeling . this place gets 5 stars . the waiter was funny , witty and personable . it was a great night cant wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place 5 stars all the way . i would give them more than 5 stars if possible . every time that i 've been there it blew my mind with top notch consistent service , delicious food & reasonably priced menu . love love love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is really good but very small portions & wait staff was great to everyone else but us , had a young guy who seem to forget about us though the other waitresses were very attentive .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the best restaurant in town ! call ahead for reservations ! the sample platter of artesianal meats and cheeses was simple and rssty . the risotto was well worth the wait . the caprese could have used more mozzarella and badil . the pasta was also dented our waiter was very attentive and our drinks were always flowing the lemon cake was out if this world but the chocolate cake was alright .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing family owned restaurant . my son is very very picky and said this placed had the best italian food he has ever had . i ordered the risotto and i do n't think i ever will have risotto like this again . everything from the appetizers to the salads to the lunch - dinner menu , is fresh and wonderful . i definitely will be coming back here over and over . you feel so full and happy after finishing your meals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here due to yelp review and i have to say their seafood risotto is absolutely amazing ! ( does take a while to prepare as per their menu ) , however , we were kind of upset that another table got their food way before us even though they came after us , despite similar orders . not much wine selection on whites . atmosphere was great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dropped in at 5:30pm on saturday with a party of 5 . we had one hour to eat and were happily hurried into a great booth by our server . george was fantastic ! he was thorough , made very thoughtful recommendations and was knowledgeable about all menu items . we ordered the veal parm , the branzino fish of the day , the papardelle and the seafood linguine . everything was excellent . pastas are homemade , and though we did n't try any of the meats or cheeses - those apparently are made in house as well ! do n't let the sign fool you - this might be the best moderately priced italian in the neighbourhood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing restaurant as we had a caesar salad and bruschetta to start . they were both very tasty and fresh . we had some nice drinks as well but a bit on the pricey side . for the main dish we both had the chicken fettuccine alfredo and it was heaven . we could n't finish it so we had it to go and regretful did n't try their homemade desserts . : ( all in all a wonderful restaurant with excellent service too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here and it is amazing . family owned run business with mom and son working as chefs . looks beautiful , great atmosphere , music was nice and a good volume . we had : complimentary bread baby pickles veal parmigiana chicken alfredo with marinella sauce everything was delicious , service was great , and reasonably priced . our meal plus a beer and a glass of wine was $ 75 . would definitely eat here again and would n't hesitate to recommend it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used a groupon but do n't think it would have been good value without it . this should be a 2.5 star review , but i put a 2 to balance the 4s and 5s . first off , i was disappointed that the menu did n't have all of the options listed online . i wanted to try the bruschetta rustica . we opted for the shrimp marinella to start instead and it was absolutely delicious ! eight large shrimp in their brandy ros\u00e9 sauce served with garlic toast - hard to go wrong . for mains we had seafood linguini and wild mushroom risotto . the linguini was good but not spectacular and the risotto was unimpressive . it definitely could have used some more salt or parmagianno . i 'd be willing to try more dishes there but at $ 20 to $ 40 each , it 's a little too risky for my wallet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "talk about authentic , this place has it all ! when i had dinner here , for the first time , i met john who treated us like family . great sauce , great service , and one of the best meals i 've had in toronto ! if you want a real italian meal , you must go see for yourself ! top notch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "accidentally found this place and it is one of toronto 's treasures . great food , service , drinks and ambiance . highly recommend ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the lobster risotto was heavenly , best i 've ever had . 5 5 pork belly appetizer was good , but i would n't get it again . 3 5 i found the osso buco too bland and i did n't enjoy the texture . 2 5 though the server told us it would take 35 minutes for the risotto , we ended up waiting an hour and a half . i would definitely return just for the risotto though ... it is worth the wait if you are n't in a hurry .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been to this restaurant several times and each time i have the same amazing experience as the last ! if you are looking for authentic italian , this is definitely the place to go . the price is a little bit more than other restaurants on the college street strip but the quality of the food certainly is worth it ! the restaurant prepares every single dish fresh , including the pasta ! they have homemade cured meats and cheeses for you to choose from , as well as daily specials .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here on a sunday night . its my first time here and the server recommended me to try their popular lobster risotto . i didnt regret ordering it at all ! m it was absolutely amazing ! the texture was extremely smooth and the taste was perfect . not too sweet or salty and the lobster taste was n't too overpowering . i can definitely say that this italian restaurant is one of the best along with enoteca sociale !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this family owned restaurant is one of the finest italian meals we have ever had . both the food and service were perfect . everything is homemade . and everything is every bit as good as all the reviews you will read here . finish with the chocolate cake . to die for ! make a reservation", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food . amazing personalized service . amazing ambiance . i highly recommend their fettuccine dish . it has the best pasta sauce i 've ever tasted . everything here is amazing and the prices are reasonable for everything you 're getting . highly highly recommend this place and will be going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend took me there for my birthday last night . we had calamari , sea bass with salads and cr\u00e8me brulee for dessert . the meal was delicious . noah , our server , was very helpful and efficient , the chef came to say hello and we had a wonderful experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ambiance : romantic with a casual touch service : welcoming environment , greeted by host telling us about the family restaurant , the chef of the night his mom and her must try recipes must tries : apps : shrimp marinella ! - i want to bottle that sauce and take it home , pork belly , beets and bufala caprese salad , entr\u00e9e : seafood risotto , pappardelle giovanni", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favourite italian restaurant in little italy ! ! ! took a couple of my friends from out of town and they also loved it . the food was so delicious . they have amazing wine selection . we had 2 bottles lol and the service is impeccable . looking forward to coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had dinner here last night with my boyfriend , i used a groupon which was definitely necessary considering the prices of their food overall the dinner was good not great but good my boyfriend had the lamb three ways , loved the food but not the $ 49 price tag they do n't tell you about when you order the special my pizza was good , but not hot enough and way over salted plus they charged me $ 2 extra because i wanted mushrooms instead of capers ... it 's not that was did n't have a good meal , but considering their prices we wo n't get returning and would rather check out other italian places on college street for the same food and service at a better deal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was not impressed with the oily calamari and imported penne.the penne was not made al dente , vodka sauce was pretty good . tiramisu had a very strong taste in alcohol .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my husband just threw me a surprise party for my 30th there and the servers were great with our large group of 25 ! very patient and accommodating ! in our entire group , we probably ordered everything on the menu and everyone was raving about the food ! very good collection of wine on the menu . we are going again for valentine 's day so i can properly try the food..since i was so overwhelmed on my birthday ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "out of all the italian restaurants i 've been to in toronto , this was hands-down the best . i ordered the fettuccine chicken alfredo and it tasted the exact same as 2 of my other favourite spots , none of which are in canda - the grand lux cafe ( vegas ) and mama maria 's ( brooklyn , ny ) . this was exactly like those and i instantly fell in love with this place . i 'm keen on coming back and trying something else , but when you have your go-to , it 's tough . definitely going to return ! i 'd recommend booking a table in advance , as i did that when i went on valentines day . i read some reviews about waiting for a table - just call to book in case .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "impeccable staff and the best italian cuisine i 've ever had . my boyfriend has the surf and turf and i had the seafood ravioli . the pasta is made there , by their mother ! best calamari i 've ever had and the dessert did n't disappoint !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "getting out of the cab at this address , you kinda get this unsure feeling - the curb appeal leaves you a little worried . basically imo the entrance looks like you could be walking into a hair salon . that 's where it ends , you breathe a sigh of relief once you 're inside and all is well . the italian flavour permeates the place , the risotto was awesome ( i 'm a risotto freak ) as was george , our server . great experience all around . i recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was a pleasent surprise . my wife and i took my mother in law here for her birthday . the service was excellent and the food was good as good as the service if not better . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favourite restaurants on college ! i usually get the food to go , so i can enjoy it at home . even though i live only a few minutes away , the food is still really delicious by the time i get home . the few times that i have dined there , the service was lovely . the son , i ca n't remember his name , is friendly and accommodating and is so proud his mama 's cooking ! my favourite dish is the seafood linguine . i do n't know what they put in their marinella sauce , but i ca n't get enough of it ! i 'm a huge fan of homemade pastas and they do it spot on . the portions are filling enough , leaving you with just enough room for dessert . i look forward to going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved toronto and loved marinella 's . this was a very authentic italian restaurant in little italy . the staff was friendly and the seafood pasta , salume and spumoni were sensational . the well selected italian wines only added to the experience . even the house wines were superb .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr schwartz and his staff are the best ! first and only dentist my kids have gone to : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from the first time i met dr schwartz , i new that my dislike for dental work was over ! he is so nice and one of the funniest guys i 've ever met . his whole staff is awesome . i decided to get invisiline to straighten my teeth about six months ago . i have been in the office every 2-4 weeks since . i 'm very happy with the process and how amazing my teeth look now . my husband is now a patient and so are my two little girls . if you are looking for a new dentist , try dr schwartz !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "he is as good as it gets ! ! ! dr. schwartz is pretty amaxing . he worked on me for over an hour abd showed no signs of frustration . i love to go to the dentist know . i love dr. schwartz . you can tell he has a lot of passion for what he does . he is patient and he truly cares . thank you dr. schwartz for being amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my home location ! i come out of my way 3 out of 5 training days week just to work out at this goodlife branch . rarely busy after lunch around 1:30-4pm . avoid peak times as is the case with any commercial gym . staff is super friendly ! : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything i expected in a goodlife gym ( and i visit goodlife on a regular bases from all over toronto ) . pleasant staff , clean & tidy , friendly members and great music ( i 'm talking about the music in my earphones.. : ) i 'd recommend this location to anybody in the downtown core it toronto . i 'll be back again soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the cleaner goodlife 's in the downtown core , but definitely gets super busy during the after work rush . if you have ever gotten here around 6pm on a weekday , good luck finding yourself a locker . really hoping they can accommodate a few more lockers because carrying my gym bag around the gym is annoying not only for myself , but for everyone else at the gym .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "turned into my local gym after moving closer to the core and it is a decent gym for sure . the changing rooms are much bigger than the richmond & bathurst location but even then on some evenings i have arrived to see no lockers available . it is a rare thing when that happens thankfully . the gym itself is laid out across two floors but does feel crammed in sections . especially downstairs on the main weights room . definitely not enough benches , no incline bench rack or a calf machine . not sure what it is called . the main gripe here is the air , does not seem to have enough air flow around the treadmills apaart from one giant ass fan which is running . the gym is however clean and the staff are great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pros : one of the best goodlife gyms in town . lots of space and machines ( all top of the line life fitness and hammer strength ) lots of cardio and abs machines lots of classes and a nice studio cons : parking is $ 8 an hour underneath or $ 4 hr on the street but u only pay $ 4 for 2 hours max after 4pm and weekends . carpets are old and need to be replaced more weights are needed in the leg area . it 's not open 24 7 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like this better than the newer club that opened on richmond at bathurst . the club at bathurst really punted on the locker rooms : too small , not enough benches . this club has big locker rooms with single lockers versus the smaller stacked lockers . the weight machine layout is a bit nutty . some equipment upstairs , some equipment downstairs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really happy with this massive chain . really appreciate the flexibility of having so many locations to choose from - some nicer than others , but they offer so many cool classes , extended hours , and free two hour parking in locations around town , it 's well worth the affordable investment . \u200d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this gym because they have a great number of lower body exercises . for example , they have a calf raise machine , and a calf press machine . they have a variety of leg press and squat machines . the tvs are individual to the cardio machines , which is great if you want to come in and watch a show or a game . the juice bar has a lot of choice , albeit one should remember to watch calories because its so much easier to ingest calories than burn them . fun , urban vibe to the place , i recommend it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had the pure pleasure to find a perfect trainer in my books for the past 2 years ! alvaro perez pinto from 'goodlife fitness ' at the richmond location has been a critical counterpart in keeping my health a priority in my bustling lifestyle . he has allowed me to achieve some personal miracles in correcting my posture and developing and maintaining a strong core that supports my career as a hairstylist of 15 years on my feet . his attention to detail and the integrity of his personal programs are tailored to my immediate needs and are designed to allow for growth and change as i age . i look forward to each session and have developed a confidence that i have never known previously in any class , program or educator with thanks to his expertise in consistently challenging my limits safely . i strongly recommend him as he is very personable , patient , focused and extremely devoted to the success of his clients . i feel very lucky to have him as apart of my weekly healthy habit . ( 11 out of 10 )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been working out for a few years . i just moved to toronto a few months ago and been to a few goodlife locations . i find this is one of the nicer locations . gets really busy during 6-8pm . there is a higher concentration of younger people at this location than other goodlife locations . if you are a guy i would n't recommend you going to use the sauna . i had guys chat me up there and it was just weird .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not a bad gym but way too busy after work hours . i finish work around 6pm and i 've never found a locker available without waiting for someone . there 's a good selection and amount of cardio equipment and i 've never had to wait for a machine . they have the same equipment as hard candy ( the ones that rock back to isolate the muscle group you 're targeting ) . there 's also a lateral elliptical and an all terrain treadmill that mimics running outside . of course , there 's a lot of people who are people watching but a good amount of people who are just there to work out . if you 're looking for a personal trainer , i highly recommend julian if you 're just starting out . he focuses on building strong legs and a tight core .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great gym space ... perfect for all types ( hard core gymers , first timers , all else ) . has a great lounge space , a small cafeteria , and loads of free classes . the gym timings are awesome ( open till midnight ) and the staff is super friendly", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i come here frequently during the lunch hour to get a good work out in . generally not overly busy during this time so you 'll get access to whatever equipment you need . there are 2 floors in this gym which can be a minor inconvenience depending on your workout . i spend most of my time with the weights and would say the equipment is in great condition newish ; there is a good balance of free weights machines .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! they finally replaced their towels ! the towels are now the plush kind like the ones located at liberty village with a security tag sewn into each towel . it 's about time they replaced their raggedy towels . with that being said , there is now increased security upon exiting with a warning not to take their towels . is that necessary ? are people actually stealing gym towels ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this gym has a serious shortage of lockers in the men 's change room . if you go in the evening , every locker is used and you 'll be unable to change and safely store your belongings while you workout . even if you go during the middle of the day when there is a handful of people working out , over 90 % of the lockers in the men 's change room have locks on them . they let people keep locks on the lockers all the time , even if they are n't at the gym working out . it 's very inconsiderate .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have n't been here since it was extreme , but it has always been very clean . i like the new tiles and showers they put in the women 's washrooms , but they did n't repaint the worn concrete . everything looks so nice except for that . place is set up pretty much the same , i like that it is so big that you do n't feel cramped .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , if this was leg day i would have been happy . but it 's not . lol . gym is nice , well maintained , super clean . all great . but in opinion with what i use and need small . i like iso machines and there are none . also coming up to 5pm and as usual busy but is a mad house . i do n't know how anyone can come here after work period . a joke . ooh well . and now after writing this , down from three stars to two . not worth my 15 $ day pass i just paid .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "for those gym averse , i can relate . i have hated gyms most of my adult life . but this one is pretty good , and this particular location in particular is good for both the hardcore and those new to the scene . first off , great location . on a busy part of richmond traffic wise , but not busy , it 's easy to get to and there 's a parking lot at the east end of the block its on . change rooms are a bit small , but suffice . the equipment is all pretty new and on good shape , there 's yoga for those who want it , and it 's a well laid out gym as far as the set up goes . spin classes are also available . they push the personal trainer thing a bit but that 's how they make money so it 's understandable . overall , not a bad place . for a gym . haha check it out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was seen at the phoenix st. luke 's nazi office . the staff treated me like a toddler . dr was an absolute prick . i went in for back pain and he touched my back only one time and was in the room for about 2 minutes with me being a new patient . did n't even suggest any meds i could take for the pain when i asked .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "for so many years i lived with terrible back pain . and for anyone who is living with it now , also knows the feeling of hopelessness and depression that goes along with it . that all changed for me when i was referred to dr. zaveri ! i met with him in his phoenix office where i told him how i 'd seen many doctors , was on even more medication , and was frustrated with how i was feeling on a daily basis . not only did he listen and understand my pain , he validated my frustration and came up with a plan to start my road to recovery . i was so nervous for my first round of injections , but the staff was so incredible and helped calm my nerves . through time , and following dr. zaveri 's plan , i 'm so grateful to say that today i am living pain free ! words can not express how grateful i am to dr zaveri and his staff , for helping me through this life changing process ! i 'd highly recommend dr zaveri and his highly qualified team ! thank you again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "communication could be much better . dr seem to care and recognized the issues but did n't make any suggestions on what to take for the pain while i waited weeks for my injections . first injections went well but my last visit was terrible process was almost twice as long not the actual procedure because they seemed to rush thru it and now my back has bruising . they had nursing students trying to do my iv . then just found out they only do the injections on one side and have to wait more weeks for the other side.the office was clean and staff was ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the staff there is awesome and very concerned about your health and pain relief . i have learned so much from them about dealing with pain , why they do things the way the do , and they are very interested in you . i have low platelets . i have had several injections done in which my life was at great risk of bleeding to death from the injection procedure and no one ever caught it until i went to this office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. zaveri has been a very thorough and compassionate practitioner , doing all he can to get me back my quality of life . he has employed multiple modalities , beyond just throwing meds at me with no answers . i would recommend him to friends or family . if you 're a reasonable person who wants to get better , i would absolutely recommend him and his practice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my father has been coming to this pain management office for the past two years and it 's been a complete waste of our time . they literally gave us three options oxycodone , morphine and a spinal cord stimulator . during the trial of the spinal cord stimulator my father expressed that he did n't get much relief from it but the doctor insisted that he at least get it done and have it implanted anyway . well it 's been a year after the stimulator was put in place and my father has asked that it be removed and when he did ask for them to get it removed they then discharged him from their office so that they do n't have to deal with it . also the last time that he was seen at this office he was switched pain medications and within a month overdosed and i found him unconscious in his bedroom and he had to be resuscitated with narcan by the responding 9-1-1 paramedics . this is by far the worst pain clinic . they do not treat pain , the do n't even mask it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been a patient of dr. zaveri 's for a long time now , after being seen by other doctors before him , i can say he is the best pain management doctor in the valley . he actually cares about his patients and actually works to help them get back their quality of life . he does n't just give pain meds without actually treating the cause . if you actually want to manage your chronic pain go see him . and if you 're having trouble parking or finding his office ... just call them . they 're always happy to help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rosie made our very customized wedding cake recently . it looked great and it came out just as we asked for it -- and we asked for plenty of details . she had more customization options than i saw at other places , and had no problem with trying something totally new . the flavors were a bit too high on sweetness , but tasted good overall . the delivery was also no problem . we paid the deposit in cash and the rest by paypal . we recommend rosie !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mother fell in love with her at our first appt . : ) i was planning my wedding from georgia and cali ... .and she made it so much easier . : ) i had an idea from pinterest and was worried she couldnt do it . at my wedding i almost cried when i saw my cake ! ! ! ! it was beautiful ! ! ! ! i got one layer with cupcakes . she set it up so well ! ! ! ! ! i didnt save my top layer because i know she will be able to remake it anytime i want to . : ) she is professional , affordable , and such a sweet lady ! ! ! thank you miss . rosie ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've come here on a few occasions , usually while waiting for a table at twin creeks or just to sit and get a drink with friends after having getting our fill at one of the restaurants and having an after meal drink . the bar stools are a nice change of pace . comfortable and welcoming . always happy to have a comfortable seat while having a drink . the service is pretty good as well . silverton always has great drink specials and this place does n't disappoint .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is just another casino bar that has two sides to it . the reason i am reviewing it is because of the thursday pub crawl . its the 2nd stop of the night from 8-9 you get any drink for $ 1 . well we already had a few at mermaids but we were still not quite where we wanted to be yet buzz wise so we ordered a round from the nicest bartender . he was great at what he made and easy on the eyes . we ordered several more drinks from him and had a blast at the bar . it was a festive mood & everyone was enjoying the drinks . the silverton is wise to have such a great weekly event !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this poker bar when it 's not teeming with smokers . the decor is funky and the color changing lighting is awesome . big , comfy chairs guarantee you will be here a while . the draft beer selection is decent- anchor steam , stella , blue moon . years ago when this bar opened , they featured speciality cocktails that were very good . i always forget to ask if they still serve them . the bar is 2 sided , with poker machines on both sides . and it 's centrally located within the casino .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the products are nice , i went in to get a conditioner for my hair for which i had previously tried a sample and was pretty impressed with . i often struggle to find products that work for my fine frizzy hair . the staff are very nice and friendly and it would be a good experience if it was n't for the pushy sales technique . i spent \u00a319 on conditioner and the sales assistant wanted me to get the shampoo at another \u00a316 and the leave in treatment at who-knows how much ! i think \u00a319 is plenty enough for one day ! your purchase is packaged in a clear reusable zip pouch , perfect for air travel and they are generous with samples .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love megan ! she is always on top of new trends & is extremely dependable , not to mention super fun and such a sweetheart !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "megan recently did my hair june before my birthday and a big family vacation ! i love the way it turned out ! i get compliments on it all the time and refer everyone who asks to her ! megan is amazing and the salon environment is a plus since its gorgeous !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "megan is amazing . i moved to az 3+ years ago and had been struggling ( to say the least ) to find a new hair stylist . sooooooooo glad i found megan . not only does she do amazing color and cuts , she actually listens to what you want . a foreign concept from my personal experience . i have never loved my hair more than i do now . thanks megan for being beyond fabulous ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish i could say this was a great place , but unfortunately it just sucked . the staff was nice but the dentist was not nice nor professional . he gave me novocain in my cheek ! in a two hour appointment he only spent an hour with me , making me wait while my mouth was in pain , and prepped to have my cavities filled . he did n't feel like finishing the job ( as was scheduled ) and ended up scheduling me for a week later even though they knew i had prior arrangements to be out of town for school and needed my dental work done before i left . i think that says it all . i would not recommend this dentist to anyone", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i believe these people are out just to get everyone 's money , they do n't seem to listen or care about your needs or requests . my husband went in for a teeth cleaning , which is covered by our insurance , they told him he needed a deep cleaning and proceeded on doing that without letting my husband know that it would end up costing him $ 60 for just half his teeth . he also wanted to have tooth pulled because he plans on getting dentures , but they told him they are not ok with him getting dentures and kept pushing him on scheduling a root canal which costs $ 330 . it seems they just recommend expensive procedures to get your money . stay away from this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "needed dental care on a sunday broken teeth need to be removed . three teeth and a lot of pain dr smith was so nice and professional . the hole staff was professional . will be back to get teeth replaced", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these people are in the business of selling you expensive dental care , and then selling you a plan to pay for it at a high interest rate . also dr. atwood is rude , hurts you in the way he haphazardly examines your mouth , does n't introduce himself , does his business , and then runs out of the room . who the hell can afford 6 thousand dollars for dental work ? i medically need this care , and you deny me the financing . why the hell did i come down here if i was n't approved . i guess dental care . please do yourself a favor and steer clear of this horrible dentist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a patient at urgent dental for 2 years . my husband and i each had four wisdom teeth pulled made our appointments every 6 months for a cleaning . after four thousand dollars in dental work i walk in for our appointment that i confirmed 2 weeks in advance and i have no appointment . they can help my husband and made no effort to help me at all . they do n't value their customers they do n't value your time and they make no concessions to help i have fired urgent dental is my dentist although dr. atwood is great his support staff is killing his business i am moving on to another dentist .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i called to get a quote for my dental procedures that i need to be done since i already went to my regular dentist here in california and i know what i need to be done and i just want to compare the prices of my out of pocket cost . she replied and told me to call my insurance and they 'll be able to help me . meanwhile i informed her that i actually called other dental office around that area and ask the same thing and they 're able to give me an estimate cost . and her answer to that is `` that 's fine and you have a good day '' . no effort of any kind of customer service . i guess they do n't need more patients .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my experience with urgent dental was a nightmare ! the hygienist was shoving a hard plastic x-ray in my mouth and i was gagging . i continued to tell her i could not open my mouth any wider and bite down . she got upset and starting shoving it into my mouth . i ended up with cuts inside my mouth . i was in tears when the dentist walked in the room . he pretty much laughed it off and there were no apologies made .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ca n't say enough great things about the dentists at urgent dental . i 've been going to see dr. atwood ever since we came to his office at 2am one morning a couple of years ago to treat me for a bad toothache . a couple of years later and my teeth are fixed and whiter than ever . friendliest staff in town ! the staff is accessible , accommodating , professional and friendly . i go out of my way and half way across town to see this doctor . i 've recommended friends and family to urgent dental and will continue to do so . thank you guys for all you 've done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried to see these guys for our regular dental care after having such a good experience on our first visit but sadly we were disappointed . they were always running late & i had to return multiple times to have the same issue rectified . the female dentist was really great but we generally saw the male dentist who is the owner .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the staff here is super friendly ! if you have dentist fears , this place will make you feel comfortable . they have affordable plans and and options for cash pay patients . kathleen is amazing ! i would definitely recommend coming here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is very misleading i spent 2 hours there ... explained i could either get my tooth pulled or have a root canal . i chose root canal and paid almost $ 500 ... i was informed i needed to come back and get a permanent filling n crown n got quoted about $ 1200 for the next visit . i called my normal dentist n they were going to do the procedure for $ 800 but when my dentist called urgent care they informed them that i did n't have a root canal ... they just drained the tooth when the whole time they explained to me that a root canal is being done . the dental assistant even said ... `` i bet when u woke up today u were n't planning on getting a root canal '' . i would not recommend this place . now i need to spend more $ than i need to .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not take kids here ! i was a happy patient until my daughter went in , spent 2 hours under nitrous , started to cry after the 2 hours , but dentist had disappeared so i decided to take her home . got an `` apology '' call after i stormed out but sincerity would have been nice . never again . we found a wonderful , kind , child friendly pediatric dentist and we should have gone the pediatric route in the first place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i brought my daughter in on a saturday after she broke a bracket on her spacer . our regular dentist is n't open on weekends . i called and was able to get an appointment within the hour . upon arrival i was told an office visit was $ 60 . pretty average ... not knowing if my insurance was accepted there . we arrived on-time and were seen by the dentist within 15 minutes of arrival . they were able to remove my daughter 's spacer quickly . they waived the $ 60 fee and total charges were $ 150 . hopefully my insurance will reimburse me . overall , it was a good experience for me and my daughter . office staff and dentist were very professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "huge thank you to dr. atwood . my 7 yr old daughter was having tooth pain . after my `` old '' dentist blew us off . i went to a family practice . they told me my daughter had all kinds of issues , but that i would need a pediactric specialist for 1 issue and a root canal specialist for another . also that my insurance would n't cover anything until i paid a $ 4000 . we called urgent dental to see if he could deal with both issues . he has the expertise and was willing to take a look . both issues that the other dentist would n't touch , dr. atwood seemed to handle with ease ( although i know it was a task ) ... he is just that good . i can see a difference in his work vs. our old dentist . plus they got out insurance to cover it . huge thank you for all your help ! dr. atwood is the best and i wo n't take my kids anywere else ! dr. atwood replaced the need for two specialist ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is the worst ! total rip off 's ! you will feel like you are at a timeshare sales . the blonde dentist was a piece of work and the hag at the front desk was unreal . hags should n't take up for dentists that are rip off 's . this old hag actually thought that we would be back . hope you do n't wait .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a issue with my teeth and walked in to a group of wonderful people . i have a great fear of going to the dentist and they put me at ease . the staff and doctor schmitt were kind , detailed and awesome ! ! ! highly recommend this office and dentist", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really took care of me when i broke my tooth on vacation . very clean , professional and great bedside manner . i would use dr. schmitt regularly if i lived here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr aaron atwood removed my daughters wisdom teeth and it was a dream . quick , painless and with expert care during and after the procedure . he took the time to get to know her and make her feel comfortable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm gon na start off with how much i do not like going to the dentist ! ! ok not liking it is putting it very nicely . but i actually had a good experience today at urgent dental ! miss kathy up front was pleasant when i called and great when i arrived . i did n't have to wait long and the whole visit went by fairly quickly . nadia the dental assistant was efficient and very friendly which helped calm my anxiety , then dr.atwood came in was professional and before i knew it i was on my way home . a huge sincere thank you to the whole urgent dental team ! ! ! ! i 'm a vegas concierge i know a good company when i have a great experience . whether you 're visiting or a local , this is a great dentist with a great team !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while all the others ( dentists ) are at home relaxing , golfing they are open to help . worked great for my wife which works for me ! nobody is perfect but karen is good and dr. atwood is very knowledgable . all services seem available.lotsa parking and clean offices . wife wants to return for more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had to have some work done but i have terrible nerves with dentists . they were patient and helpful , from the front desk to then hygentist and dentist . she was right , it did n't hurt and i got to avoid the shots to numb your mouth . it was awesome and i highly recommend them if your a chicken like me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter needed a lot of dental work done this year ; from fillings , to root canals and crowns . aaron atwood , dmd did a great job . not to mention the how caring , friendly and professional the staff are . prices very reasonable . open 7 days a week- you do n't find this `` anywhere '' . thanks for everything", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously had the best dental experience at urgent dental ! ! i 've had a fear of the dentist for years , dr.atwood changed this for me . he and his staff were beyond amazing , and i will continue to go here for my future work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. schmitt was amazing and professional when she took care of my son 's broken teeth within a few hours of them being broken . she was very thorough in explaining the process and made it very easy for me . i ca n't say enough about how awesome she is .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a root canal and a bridge by dr. aron atwood he did a great job it was painless i was amazed because i had root canals in the past by other dentists and they were brutal very painful for a year i could n't chew . but thanks to dr. atwood i can finally chew with no problem . dr atwood was very gentile kind and honest . all his staff are very nice specially one of his assistant named pamela she is very kind gentil and very professional . i was very impressed with the treatment i received by every one at urgent dental . i highly recommend this dental office they are the best ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff is great , dentist is awesome , and they always fit me in or work with my schedule . i have a fear of dentists and they always make me very comfortable with little discomfort .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the very best dentist i have ever been to . treats you like family , painless treatments , down to earth . he always remember everyone and has even been there to help me in the middle of the night when i had a serious tooth injury . every one of his staff is awesome , helpful and friendly . i drive across town just to have him work on my teeth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice , i like it . located along yonge street , i came here to get a men 's haircut . they have really nice price for men $ 15 . $ 25 for women . it is a korean hair salon with many staff ready to help serve you . they have japanese style haircut books for people like me who do n't know what they want . it is was really simple.. the book i was going through has haircuts with colour-borders for short , medium , and long haircuts . not to mention , i thought they did a really good job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean efficient and affordable and the location is n't half bad . 15 $ for men and they do accept visa and mc . the person who cut my hair was n't very talkative which is a good thing in my case . the space is huge and i think i counted almost 10 chairs . they offer a shampoo but i declined as i prefer to shampoo and shower at home : ) now for the music choice it covered some of the widest range i have heard i.e from the head bobbing 50 cents ( in da club ) to foot tapping old sinatra styles classics : d some j-pop and mariah carrey all within a span of 30-45 minutes ! ! ! 4 stars for what you pay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "okay , i have been a hair model for paul mitchell , aveda and loreal . i love this cute little korean shop to maintain and upkeep those in between times . they spend so much time cutting your hair til you are satisfied and they got hiphop blaring too ! and japanese fashion magazines ! ask for tina , she 's is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you come here go to brian or steven . that 's it . everyone else there has butchered my hair .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "efficient , on time , clean and affordable ! brian cuts my hair and he 's great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ever since i went to this hair salon during my days at ryerson , i 've never looked back . fantastic service from the staff ! with guys wash , cut and style at $ 15 , you ca n't go wrong at this standard price . the atmosphere of the place is common for a asian hair salon . expect korean japanese pop and north american top-40s in the background . they have hair magazines for guys and girls . if you were wondering how to describe that new style you 've wanted , use them ! or bring your own . the only thing that keeps me from giving a 5 star is that they have an inconsistent roster of stylists . i would ask for michelle . she 's the best , and also the owner , if my memory serves me correctly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've always worked in the area by this salon and everytime i feel like i need a trim , i head here . the prices are very reasonable and the stylists know how to cut asian hair into asian styles that suit your face shape . i 've been to much more expensive salons who know how to cut a certain style but have no idea how to match it to your facial structure . i usually do n't need an appointment since they usually have enough stylists to address walk-ins but if brian 's working , i 'll make an appointment to have him do it - like jeremy c said , he 's great and he really knew exactly what i wanted through my rambling descriptions . the only thing i may have to comment slightly negatively on though is i wish they took more time to wash your hair . it 's what i enjoy the most out of getting my hair cut anywhere and the best shampoo has been at the donato in yorkdale ( she was so good , i tipped her extra ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved brian here ... but he left ! ! ! ( 5-star if he was still there ) does anyone know where he 's gone to ? ? ? ? ? i 'm so upset i 've tried all sorts of salons & hairstylists & no one can get it right ! ! ! hailey was great but she left too ! the turn over rate here is too high . i now have a nightmare whenever i 'm getting a haircut because i went back to hairstory & tried some new lady who gave me the worst cut of my life & did n't even attempt to dry or style my hair after ! ! ! ! amazing . i 've never had a worse experience & have n't gone back since . my husband goes to michelle & i 've heard she 's great but i 've yet to try her .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do you hate having small talk at a hair salon ? do you hate paying a lot of money for someone to chop an inch off your hair ? do you hate having someone spend endless minutes on each chunk of hair as they blow it out at the end ? me too . i discovered this place because it got decent reviews and is across the street from my work . i come in over lunch sometimes and i always get exactly what i want - a 1-2 inch trim , a little layering , and that 's it . i may be a dong , but i do n't want to hear about a hairdresser 's sister 's bachelorette party . and really , i do n't want to talk about myself either . i want to sit in a chair and zone out for 35 minutes while i get a perfectly serviceable haircut that does n't cost a ridiculous amount of money . hair story is the perfect place for me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "disappointed , maybe i was unlucky one to have a not really good service hairstylist from this place , she was rushing me out because more customers come in . trim hair and not fixing my bang less than 5 mins . feeling something dishonest as well . paying $ 35 + tax to make my day sad , this was the first time visit and i will not come again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty okay ; i 've been a couple times because i live a 5 min walk away . however i always get an inconsistent cut . lately they 've been choppy and blunt end , which i do n't ask for . price is okay too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is definitely a get-in , get-out place . the setting is as basic as it gets . i went for a haircut after 6p.m.. they did n't wash my hair , just spritzed my hair with a spray bottle and started chopping the second a `` bangs ? no bangs ? '' decision was made . my cut was done in 12 minutes , a guy cashed me out , an energetic `` thank you ! '' and i was sent off . it was n't bad for $ 25 , but i wondered whether my experience would 've been the exact same if at a first choice haircutters ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i needed a cut so i went to hair story one morning after reading some yelp reviews ( no appointment - i was a walk-in and i was seen right away ) . i was very satisfied ! $ 40 including tip for cut and style . ali was my stylist ; highly recommend . i will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to get a haircut for men . the staff are nice and welcome you as soon you walked in the door . their prices are really good since other hair salon downtown are expensive and over charge you . really good place ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went recently to this place seeing that it is popular on yelp . haircut for men cost $ 15 plus tax . i did n't have to wait at all , the employees are nice , one took my jacket and bag and returned it once my cut was done . hair was washed cut and styled . it felt like the hair cutter was in a rush though . she cut it so quick it took like 10 minutes . she just asked how i wanted my sides and the rest she did . so if u want to get in and out quick this is the place to go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the hair cuts are a mixed bag . the only person who is consistently there and does a good job is michelle . the problem is the rest of the staff and it 's why they 're getting one star . the person who picks up the phone does n't speak english half the time , which is a problem . they also have a tendency of double booking , leaving for lunch when there 's an appointment booked , and sometimes the stylist you 're looking for is not even at the location despite being told otherwise . all around disorganization and terrible customer service . do not come here if you 're looking for reliability because there 's a 50 50 chance you 're going to get the appointment you booked .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great little salon . i have been there a couple of times already and every time i 've been more than happy with the end result . everyone is very polite and professional . my stylist today was eric . he had the hard task of fixing my previous haircut , which was simply terrible and he did no disappoint . he was very helpful in choosing a better style for my hair and the execution was spot on . i have to say my hair is quite thick and curly so not easy to cut and not every stylist does a good job with it . the salon itself is quite spatious for a place downtown and conveniently located 2 minutes away from college subway station . i would highly recommend this place . the prices are reasonable and the end result is always beautiful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was sooo happy with the experience i had here ! i have never been loyal to a particular salon , even when i hair modelled and got discounts at high-end yorkville salons ( it was still expensive with the discount ) . after an awkward cut for a hair show last year , i was embarrassed to go to a salon after growing it out for eight months - i find hair stylists often make fun of you for having a prior bad cut . anyway , i wanted a consistently well rated salon with good prices and came across this shop on yelp so i tried it out . the stylist i met with was quiet but very nice and had great technique - i went in for a wash , cut and style . when i went to pay it rang up at twenty-eight bucks ! ! amazing value , great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "review for coloring : after consulting a few hair salons in the city , i decided to go to hair story for the following reasons : relatively cheap , walk-ins allowed , efficient service . i wanted to dye my asian black hair to something light , preferably a color on the gold brown blonde spectrum . i bleached my hair twice , and then dyed it once to achieve this look , which came out akin to the photo i showed the stylist . it took almost 4 hours , but my stylist made sure to check on my hair now and then , and confirmed with me if this was the look i was going for . in the end , the cost went over my budget , but since i was satisfied with the finished look , i did n't think too much about it . i did n't give a 5-star because the place was a bit disorganized . however , i would come back here to get my hair colored again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so happy i found this place . i 've been 3 times - never had to make an appointment , always seen almost immediately . i have really chunky hair that no one really seems to know how to cut . i spent 2 years avoiding hair dressers for this reason . but i have n't been disappointed by a cut here . the last cut i got was n't exactly what i asked for.. it was a little shorter and quite layered . at first i thought i hated it , but one week later i realize it 's actually a great cut . usually my hair looks awful when it air dries but it actually dries nicely now . and looks very sleek when flat ironed . i do n't know the names of those who cut my hair . a different woman every time . each quite young and very quiet . i 'm ok with that - a refreshing change from your typical hair dresser small talk .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this has to be my go to place for hair cut now on . michelle is the owner and she knows what her client wants . she is efficient and to give you a hairstyle you desire is effortless for her ! the price is so affordable and the result is damn pleasing ! : d", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome ! ! ! the guy with a cool cow boy belt that holds lots of scissors and combs cut my hair . i told him that i was about to meet my girlfriend 's father the next day , and he really took extra caution when cutting my hair ! trimmed my hair shorter layer by layer instead of just using a trimmer and cut my hair short upfront which i really hate . i paid $ 19 for men 's cut including hair wash .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went and got a fantastic wash and cut from michelle ! the cost is really low but the cut is great . they are very accommodating and michelle especially made me feel very comfortable . she asked me if i were warm and turned on the ac immediately . i do recommend this place , its central , its a comfortable place , and its very non uppity in your face type place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dropped in on a monday after work for a quick trim and wound up with one of the best cuts i 've had in years . saleisha took me right away and smiled the whole time . i had a dry cut and style and was in and out just under a half hour . though she worked quickly , she took the time to make sure my lines were even and gave me some much needed texture and shaping . i walked out looking like i 'd paid much more than $ 34+tip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "arrived late far my appointment . no complain . took care of me as nothing happened even though salon was very busy . fantastic staff and excellent hair cut .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here for the first time yesterday after reading some reviews . i had such a good time and i 'm so happy with my hair ! ! i went to go see steven and he was an absolute professional . great price , great service . i will tell friends and i will be back ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good friendly salon ! great prices and great cuts . for a men 's haircut i 'd ask for brian . i 've been going to him for about 3 years now and he 's always done a great job and is very personable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just had my hair done by sandra . fabulous shampoo and i was pleased how she blew dry and flat ironed my hair . would recommend . cost just under $ 40 which seems to be the going price in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "$ 40 all in before tip with no wash ( just cut and blow ) -- paid cc . came wed around 130pm ; only a two minute wait which was awesome . was in and out 45minutes.. had my hair cut into a lob style from long dry damaged mangled hair ... she did a great job being incredibly gentle by not grossly tugging at my hair like other places since my hair is atrocious ; service ok-no frills ; would perhaps return.. i admit the hair is good but not great since its not perfectly cut right and i paid more for no wash relative to everyone on here . what 's up with that..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been here few times for hair cut . it has always been good experience . literally no wait time , even without an appointment . $ 15 for a haircut , that too in downtown . i like that . : ) i even tried out pedi and mani for $ 40+taxes . henna the girl who attended to me was really good at pedi and mani .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only came in for a wash and blow dry . basically every other salon was completely booked and when i phoned this one they said just to walk right in ! so that was nice . as far as wash and blow dries it was mediocre . for starters , too much product ( mousse and hairspray ) not even sure of the last time any hairdresser put mousse in my hair . i may have n't have even done that since i did it myself in the 90s when i was 12 . i get it that they wanted it to last but my hair is super fine . that stuff just weighs it down and makes it not feel as nice . with a good blow out my hair can last 3-4 days . this one will last one day . the loose curls were average and the stylist was a little rough . at $ 40 a pop you can definitely get more bang for your buck by booking at another salon ahead of time . but even as a last minute venture not sure i can recommend . friendly staff though !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the place was clean and friendly . you get what you pay for - it 's really cheap considering it 's in downtown toronto . do n't expect an expert cut from these guys , but they do an ok job most of the time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "burger was decent.. everything else was contrived and subpar . ya know those cool places that are sort of grungy but the food and vibe are still spot on so you enjoy the experience ? this place trys to be like that , except it seems like they think it means they have an excuse to put out a generally shitty product . while many of our interactions with other servers were cordial , our server james was surprisingly unfriendly , borderline rude . you can be the judge of the cleanliness and everything else.. with all the great restaurants in this area of toronto , i do n't know why you would ever choose to go here . giving it 2 stars to not appear unreasonable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the burgers are frozen and the fries are n't that good . you 're much better off going up the street to smoke 's .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "for those who wo n't be able to experience frank honesty , i give you fair warning . the food is absolutely terrible and served in a trough . if you are hell-bent on trying it anyway , avoid the meat .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would find another place to go . service was very , very slow . not staffed for dinner and a large event in town . got carryout , tipped waitress . asked for shake when it was ready got it 29 minutes later with order to go . asked for fries well done and they were soggy . asked for manager , no manager on duty . gave phone to kitchen manager ( after i could here them all talking about the person wants a manager so he got the call ) he said the fries were soggy cause i walked 6 blocks to hotel . i travel and order food out on a weekly basis . if fries were well done they would still be firm . i also watched a couple come in and wait almost 10 minutes . no one even acknowledge they were there . they were discussing going some where else , then the women had to walk to the back and ask to be seated and still had too wait . go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "2 stars is for the service as the waitress and waiters were excellent . the food however was just eh i ordered a beer , bloor west elk burger and fries and my wife ordered the kd dinner burger and fries . the quantity of food they give is impressive however i found the burgers to be overcooked completely . although the concept of having 101 types of burgers is impressive i found it to be a little overwhelming and gimmicky . burger restaurants are popping up all over toronto these days but i just would go here to say i have tried it but a return visit is unlikely ... . it was overpriced as well save your money and your appetite and go to capitano on yonge south of bloor you will not be disappointed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty satisfied with the lunch special ( $ 10.95 ) which includes a burger , generous serving of fresh cut fries and large drink served in a pyrex ! i had the blue burger with was enjoyable if you like blue cheese with bacon but the patty was somewhat dry . on the other hand , the death ringer burger was quite juicy and crunchy with the onion ring . i also liked the construction ambiance , theme , and decorations . remember to check out their washrooms as it was quite unique as well !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "james is obnoxious . great food and service but if you have to deal with james the supervisor i pity you", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i find this place overhyped . it is really busy during lunch time and it is certainly not cheap , so i expected better . the food took forever to come out . service was slow . the burger had absolutely no veggies ... maybe i had to ask ... .not even a leaf of lettuce . no tomato . no sliver of onion . just overcooked patty , and cheese , and some sauce on some mass-produced buns . i get that this is a gourmet burger bistro so they have some interesting burger creations , but i did not find mine interesting . i found it lacking , in many aspects . fries were a little cold , which is disappointing . if the food took so long , i would have thought it was because they have so many orders and they are cooking fresh batches . yes , they give you your drink is glass measuring cups , and they have lightbulb salt and pepper shakers , but all that is smoke and mirrors to me if your core products are lacking . will never come back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times now and i 've enjoyed the burgers both times . i kinda wish that they have in the middle size for the patty . people there seem to be friendly over there . i look forward to visiting these more in the future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love the fresh lemonade the milkshakes and the burgers are all very goodand the outside patio seating is beautiful and has a great view", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an awesome burger joint . try the hot magma , it 's delicious . service is great too and if the weather 's nice they have a good patio you should definitely check out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . great service ! our server was personable and attentive . i enjoyed the decor and novelty of the light bulb salt and pepper shakers and the measuring glass servings of drinks . food was delicious and adequately portioned . i had the `` son of a beech '' burger with a veggie ( soy based ) patty and a side of spicy die cut chips . the burger had avocado , sun dried tomatoes , feta cheese and a garlic mayo ; it was not greasy at all . overall good location , great variety of items to choose from on the menu and delicious burgers . they also have gluten free options and free wifi . i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for lunch recently . the burgers were `` a-ok '' ( i 've had better - but they certainly are n't bad ) . they have some nice options for the burgers . the staff here were great - very friendly and always timely with refills , etc . it has a pretty unique theme to it ( your drinks come in a measuring cup , and the salt and pepper shakers are lightbulbs ) . i would come back here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i liked the elk burger and there 's one burger i tried with a good bbq sauce . other than that , the food is average and the fries are forgettable . the last time i went , it was lunch time . my two friends and i were the only people there . we were there for an a hour and our food was still not ready . when we asked the waitress , she said it takes 45 minutes for them to cook the burger . we canceled our order and i went without a lunch . do n't recommend .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place was by far the best burger place i 've been to ! great service ! great patio ! great burgers ! the burgers were perfectly grilled ! the patties were really fresh and such a great selection of toppings . also , the fries were really crispy - none of that soggy stuff . service was also amazing ! i highly recommend checking out this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is good do n't get me wrong but $ 22 for a burger with onion rings and a drink ? get outta here . rather go to 5 guys instead . and why do i need to drink out of a measuring cup ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "on my quest for gourmet burgers , i ended up one day in the works . i liked the whole theme they had going on there , the environment was good , but the food was ok , nothing outstanding or very `` gourmet '' . they tried to make the burgers really tasty but it just came out normal ( i.e the two burgers that i had ) . moreover , their ordering system is horrible , it is a `` 4 step ordering system '' , ordering ca n't get any more complicated than that . the burgers are a bit on the pricy side , which would have been ok if they actually tasted good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it is not worth it . people talk about this place like if it was the next greatest thing ... but it is not . service is slow , the place is usually packed ( expect a line ) , and the product is not what you would expect for that price . the concept is well-thought , but the burger is not great . mine was greasy but not juicy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had the lean beef burger and was not overly impressed . the size portion was good however the meat was kind of bland . however , the onion rings were excellent . i will definitely return to try the poutine as i have read the reviews and would like to try . service and atmosphere was great as well . actual rating 3.5 . one tip to keep in mind . every meal comes with a side . be sure to ask which side is an additional charge . our waiter did an amazing job of upselling us : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i have been to a few burger places downtown but the works has to be our favourite , we are now regulars here . we have ordered many different types of burgers off the menu and they have all been excellent . sure this place can be a little pricey but it is worth it ! the service is also great , i 've been here many times and the waiter waitress have all been very friendly ! ps the wrecking balls are a must try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are really bad . staffs are incompetent , screwed up my order , food took forever to come ( we probably sat there for an hour and a half ) , the servers straight up ignored us when we wanted to ordered food . like honestly , how can you screw up on a order for burgers ... it 's really not that hard ... .. i would not recommend anyone to go to that place as you can probably find better food elsewhere . their poutines are decent tho , the server ( well ... the tall dude ) is rude . i do n't think they got the hint that we wanted the bill until they saw us standing there with our coat for good 10 mins with my credit card out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "incredible service and results from lv floor restoration . a fragrance oil spill caused a burn on my natural stone floor . they are experienced and communicated the plan well to me . highly recommended , the floors look better than new !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lv flooring restoration is the by far the best flooring company i have ever done business with . mr. sanchez was very polite , professional and honest . they went above and beyond for my wife and i . customer service was outstanding . we will be telling are friends and family about this company for any of there flooring needs . if you need your floors taken care of , this is the company that you want to deal with . thanks for such a great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "most of my house is tile . the grout was so dirty and discolored i hated looking at it . robert sanchez and his staff from lv floor and restoration came in and transformed it ! after thoroughly cleaning the grout and tile , they painstakingly `` painted '' and sealed all the grout with the perfect color that i choose ! it looks as good as if i 'd had new tile installed ! i ca n't say enough about the quality of workmanship and professionalism of this awesome company . so refreshing to find a company with top notch customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if there was a zero i would give them that . they scammed me and they have no integrity . the tummy reducing laser is full of sh @ @ do not spend your precious money on them . i ca n't believe there are people looking so professional but so unethical . they would n't refund my money even though there were no results . the female owner and male said its not guaranteed that 's why it 's non refundable . they told me this after all my treatments . but when i first went they said it will definitely work for you because your tummy is not that big at all . if you decide to go any way , then ask them what the percentage that it will work . paid over $ 1600 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it looks like my original review was deleted so i will start a new one . about a year ago i called to see what kind of prices they charge . i have since been getting non-stop sales calls . i have been asked to be taken off the calling list more then 15+ times . today they have decided to call me again after months and months of asking the office to please stop calling me . this is a horrible way to run a business to gain customer . my advise do n't bother calling ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was absolutely pleased with the results of my treatments if you commit to it and follow the procedures which are very simple . the staff was warm , caring and most importantly professional and made me feel at ease.ifnyou are looking for a self esteem booster and want to feel good about yourself i highly recommend doing the laser . i am impressed and will tell everyone..hollie , scottsdale az", "score": "5"}
{"review": "$ 4,000 for laser hair restoration . did n't work ! they tried to get me for an additional $ 2,000 after one year of treatment . whatever few hairs came in , promptly fell out . waste of money . oh , and the guy in charge threatened to publish my pictures if i told anyone of my negative experience with them . this was after i asked for the refund that they would not honor . run away now ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "paid about $ 2500 for a 6m hair restoration program . results have been amazing . still younger and i have a family hair loss and started at a young age to lose my front hairline . they were able to bring my hairline back and have been very pleased since .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great experience ! these guys are knowledgable , friendly , and patient . i got a great deal on my dream bed . shop here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rob was unbelievably helpful in purchasing my mattress especially because i have n't bought one before . he even stayed open for me when i was working late so that i could buy the mattress . definitely would recommend coming here . thanks again rob , you were awesome ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a mattress about a month ago and was n't completely satisfied . i called in and rob the manager was super helpful and accommodated my needs . i will defiantly go back and take my friends there . very friendly staff specially rob . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service staff . reps were awesome helped us find a new bed . andrew was awesome and so was rob .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good services , good prices . i was given a variety of options and was able to pick a mattress that i was happy with and in the price range that i was looking for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome service ! excellent ! i would recommend this store & sales rep ( rob ) time and again ! get your mattress here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scott was great in getting us a king size bed out the door at a great price the same day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rob is awesome . great customer service , personalized , and fantastic prices ! this clearance center is a must see for great value and discounts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , worked to get us the best mattress possible . had used and new in the building . we bought new and he gave us a great deal and price ! definitely recommend rob if you come in !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "holy moly , my ice cream sundae was how much ? that tends to be the initial reaction after looking at the prices of their desserts . take a chance , order one , and understand why you are paying these prices . i have had alcoholic milkshakes and desserts from other places , but this was one of the best . the mint ice cream sundae had alcohol in most of its components , yet still was able to be eaten without it being overwhelming . the caramel drizzle and thin mint crumbled on top was a nice touch . serving it in a martini glass was a nice touch . it is worth having again . do n't feel too bad . at least you are not spending a $ 1,000 like you would be at serendipity 3 . you also do n't get the crystal goblet or golden spoon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i scream i scream we all scream for ice cream ! ! ! and alchie ! ! tried the w.w.e.d . - makers mark , peanut butter , banana & walnut liqueur in a chocolate shake , topped with maple bacon sprinkles i 'm drooling as i 'm typing this . it sounds expensive but i think $ 12 is reasonable . it 's a decent serving of alcohol and ice cream . extremely refreshing at the boulevard pool @ the cosmopolitan my friend had the coconut popsicle and really enjoyed it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adult ice cream , including popsicles and milkshakes , with fresh flavors all served poolside at the cosmopolitan . what could be better on a hot summer day ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great setting and even greater offerings . tucked in the south corner of the blvd pool . love the watermelon patch popsicle , and the smoothie criminal . must try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally had a chance to come here after my many visits to cosmo . this place is a hidden gem , i 'm surprised it 's not as popular . i got the smooth criminal drink , it was delicious ! this place is great for girls who do n't really like drinking . i 'm a lightweight so i ca n't handle too much alcohol and i barely like the taste . but i could barely taste the alcohol . i could taste the lychee liquor but it was so good . i def recommend this place for people who are n't heavy drinkers and just want something fruit and cold ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ice cream is a great dessert . ice cream , with a little bit of alcohol is even better . found this little treasure by the blvd . pool at the cosmo while exploring the area for a cool spot to hang out . they have ice cream , sorbets , popsicles , and cocktails fit for a hot day at the cosmo . i had this sundae with grasshopper ice cream and cookies that was really good . my friend had the sundae with capt ' crunch . both very sweet , and very refreshing in the summer . the little shop is really cute , and smells of waffle cone . already enough to get me in there . pricier than your average coldstone or rite aid , but ... it has alcohol . nuff said .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "booze + ice cream + bacon = yes please ! my stepmom and i grabbed a mimosa sorbet ( with champagne generously poured into the mixer ) while my dad had an alcohol-infused neapolitan milkshake including tequila rose biscotti liqueur and an amaretto topping . they do have a milkshake called the 'w.w.e.d ' ( what would elvis do ) , which includes peanut butter , banana , and walnut liqueur sprinkled with maple bacon bits . i could kick myself for not getting that one . on mondays they have 'movie night by the pool ' , which sounds fun as you can watch their 'movie pick of the week ' in the water with your booze milkshake ( s ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i completely forgot what it was called , but i had this milkshake with makers mark , peanut butter bacon and whipped cream . it was seriously probably the greatest thing i ever tasted .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the `` lovely bunch of coconuts '' ice cream bar was worth the $ 12 ! not only did it taste amazing , but the consistency of the ice cream and toasted shaved coconut coating was to die for ! ca n't wait to go again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "who does n't love a little booze in their dessert ? turns out my friend and i booked our trip just in time for the opening of neapolitan , the cosmopolitan 's new ice cream cocktail bar . although all the shakes and ice cream sounded delicious , i opted for the neapolitan ( the namesake milkshake ) which was tequila rose biscotti liqueur infused whipped cream in a chocolate and strawberry shake . it made me happy in so many ways . the blend of vanilla , chocolate , and strawberry with the liquors made for a refreshing afternoon snack after a day of soaking up the sun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a hidden gem tucked inside the cosmopolitan main pool area ! ! ! this place serves dessert smoothie that are all infused with alcohol . the best part is it 's mostly asian fusion fruits that i adore ! classi lassi - a giant popsicle infused with belvedere and mango passionfruit puree . best part is that it doesnt taste like alcohol at all ! smooth criminal smoothie with belvedere , guava , lychee and etc . once again , alcohol taste was very faint . it 's totally a girl 's drink and i love it ! the dipping dot is highly infused with alcohol and every dot you consume will make you feel drunk !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place totally hit the spot on a hot day by the pool . who does n't like booze and ice cream fused together . my wife got a coconut and pineapple rum popsicle and i went went with the grasshopper sunday with vodka caramel . i was a hot day by the pool and these desserts were just what the doctor ordered . i only gave 4 stars due to the fact that we went there a couple of times and it was `` closed due to weather '' . if the pool is open , i expected the enclosed restaurant at the pool to be open . i guess you have to save money where you can ... but still .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "located upstairs inside the cosmopolitan hotel pool , really good alky shakes and loaded ice cream . i had the spiked root beer and it had brandy flavored ice cream : o me likes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a great concept : alcohol + ice cream ? ! perfect to order when you 're lounging at one of the pools ... it 's a must do ! next time i 'll be passing up the fruity drinks in favor of a bunch of treats from neapolitan .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like the atmosphere , staff , and beer . i only ordered the karrage for food ( which i liked and will get again ) so i 'm not sure about the whole menu . but sitting at the bar gave me full view of what other people ordered and it looked good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome new brewery with fantastic variety of beers ( try the saison ! ) and a perfect selection of sharing and sampling plates ... the picnic table style seating just adds to the friendly vibe ... love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first impression fail . employees were not interested in greeting or making eye contact . more interested in leaning on the counter and doing bupkiss . unless they show more enthusiasm i will enthusiastically spend my money at better places in the same neighborhood .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really do n't know how this place will be in business in a couple of months . the food is good but really expensive , especially for the small portions . and the beer is okay , but again , expensive for the serving . i feel bad for the servers who have to face the baffled eaters . i have been glad to pay big money for great meals , but this was n't it", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really enjoyed our first meal at this long anticipated neighbourhood brewery and ca n't wait to go again . our server was attentive and knowledgable , with a friendly demeanour . it was busy - i loved that different groups of people shared seating ( like in italy ) . made for a very social time but we were also able to chat within our own twosome as well . the lovechild beer godspeed made with leftfield is delicious . i do n't go for dark beers but this was incredible - otherwise the ipa was top pick . favourite menu item was the mushroom salad , layers on layers of amazing flavour . the edamame was perfectly al dente with the right amount of sea salt . a few days later we picked up the new saison and i 'll be picking some more up soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything was perfect : food , beer , servers , all of it ! the only thing they need to fix is the evening lighting ... way too dark . turn those nice lights up !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my worst watch purchase experience of my life . i own multiple high end time pieces . my battery lasted less than 6 months in this watch . then it completely stopped working . i had to send it to new jersey for the warranty repair . something you think the dealer would have mentioned at the time of purchase . i was later informed that since i had the battery changed my warranty was then void . again something you would think someone have said something . again worst experience for the money you spend for these watches . do n't waste your time , there are much better options out there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "buyer beware movado does not accept returns no exceptions . no matter if you purchased it 10 min ago or 2 min ago they absolutely will not return your money . they will not inform you before you purchase your watch . they will only point at the small sign and look at you like your crazy for even asking . i thought mavado was absolutely one of the best companies , but i was wrong . even their employees think that movado is wrong for having such policy . they would change it if they could , but all they can say it 's not up to them . shame on you movado you should listen to your employees and your customers . 1 star for the employees they 're awesome people . you have been warned avoid movado outlets . i would recommend kay 's jewelry for purchasing they have a 30 day return policy and the latest watches out . movado outlet does not : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you want service for your movado this is someplace that wo n't void your warranty ! a bit pricey , but that 's what you would expect . you can save money taking your movado to precision time , or one of those . and they 'll probably do a respectable job . but given the cost of a movado i prefer to take it to authorized service so that i 'm completely covered if anything goes wrong . today was just a battery change . they first verify the seal , then change the battery , then verify the seal again . for $ 35 and a 1yr battery warranty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "jimmy john 's is great for a quick meal . i stopped in here while i was out running errands one day . this location is tucked in the strip in the corner . this particular location when i stopped in seems a little less `` friendly '' than other locations that i have visited . is n't that part of their whole corporate deal ? greet you when you walk in and leave . also , while i was here two of the workers were doing what seemed like working on the schedule in a booth . do n't you have an office space in the back to do that ? it just does n't seem professional to be doing it in the front of the store .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love jimmy john 's ! this affair actually began in college , i lived up the street from one . you have to ask for their home made wheat bread ( it automatically comes on white ) . even though this place is a chain and their decor is really cheesy , i had to write a review because i literally woke up drooling for a # 12 because i ate one in my dream last night ... .it 's true . they have these amazing hot peppers that i want to buy a jar of . it 's the only sandwich i have ever ate that does n't need hot sauce .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my son and i always stop in when it 's just us . it 's `` our place '' we love it . the service is fantastic , the food is always amazing . thank you jj , for keeping high standards .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm definitely a fan of the double j ! i usually go to the jj near my office in the university area , but i got to hit up the matthews location after running some errands on an off day . i must have missed the lunch rush , but i walked in , ordered and was out of there in 5 min . though this location is missing the noise and energy of the other locations i am used to , the sandwich was good and what i was expected and they were very proficient in getting me on my way to a full belly and back to the office . location did n't really have a lot of tables to sit down and enjoy the awesomeness of jj 's , but there were enough . the shopping center is fairly busy so parking looks to be tight . i did n't really see that many drivers running in and out of this location , but i was only there for 5 mins ( probably not enough time to judge how busy this location is ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fastest sub i ever had . however the sub was not good . ive had better subs at the supermarket . not much else to say . ordered here twice , two different subs and it was the same both times .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sandwich nazis . no kids options because a kid ca n't get a good sandwich by ordering a slim and do n't even think about asking to add something to a slim . no baked chip option ... no variation in size , no wraps . only pros : delivery and lettuce wraps . annoying", "score": "1"}
{"review": "well as you can tell from my 200 reviews , i almost always give 4-5 stars and this is the third 1 i have ever given ... . we drove to jimmy johns and i ordered a beach club with mustard and it comes with avocado spread . he put a dime sized drop of each in the middle of the sub . my dad ordered a tuna sub with added onion and tomato . they did n't put either on it . we did n't notice until we drove 6 miles home ... my dad called back to complain and while he was a little bit frustrated and rude the managers response was you do n't have to be a smart a $ about it just drive back and get another if you need to ... really bad service and mediocre subs . i wo n't be back and urge anyone else to go to firehouse or which wich instead . or jersey mikes all within a couple miles of here ... or even just go to harris teeter", "score": "1"}
{"review": "meh ... boring , bland , unmemorable . i always order a turkey sandwich with swiss -- what ? what was that you said , no swiss ? wth -- any respectable sandwich shop should have swiss - right ? or am i totally off here . ok , provolone will do ... for now ... no jalapenos ? no pepperoncini 's -- hmmm ... . cherry peppers , ok i guess that will do for now . what ? ! no freaking yellow mustard -- wtf ! ! ! ! now i am getting pissed at all the compromises ... i 'm allergic to dijon style mustard 's ... . oh wait ... they have packets of yellow mustard ... packets that i had to open ... the bread ... meh . if was very fresh albeit , but tasteless . and do n't get me started on the turkey ... jeez for $ 8.79 that was the worse sandwich ever ... the cherry peppers were nice , but the rest , sorry jj - no es bueno . i may give you another try , but highly unlikely .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "where do i begin ? i found out about jimmy johns in my college town , open real late was perfect for those late night cravings but you wanted something a bit more healthy than mcdonald 's or cookout . the price is good , you can get a sub for around 5 dollars . the main thing i like about jj is that they make it super fast . one time i ordered and just finished paying and my sub was already ready ! i always get the beach club , vito , or the club lulu . wow , i think i might go get one now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! i am giving this location 2 stars for the day . 2 employees were rude and i could not find the napkins . i guess they are behind the counter and you have to ask for them .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been there an unfortunate 3 times to give them the benefit of the doubt . horrible service x3 , horrible sandwiches x3 do n't waste your hard earned money . this is just a joke of a hole in the wall , unless you want to spend $ 8.00 on bread .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love me some jimmy . i 'm now on a low carb diet and what do you know ? jimmy johns to the rescue ! i can still get my favorite # 9 italian night club in an unwhich , which is your sandwhich wrapped in a veggie hug of lettuce . i 've always been a fan of jj , and this location is in a nice up and coming shopping area near my gym . the guys working there were friendly , and of course 'freaky fast ' , i 'll be back for my favorite sub !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was very impressed with poza salon . the staff was both friendly and knowledgeable . a consultation was required which was reassuring because the stylist test dyed my hair to insure it would be the color i wanted . jessie did my hair and did a great job ! being a blonde can be difficult but she was successful at removing brassy faded blonde and doing the techniques i requested and she suggested . i enjoyed her company and my finished look- thank you so much poza !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i walked into poza salon with a grown out pixie mop . my stylist , pooran , is the owner of the salon and an absolute boss . pooran really took the time to listen and gently guided me to a new hair cut and style that is best suited for my lifestyle . pixie cuts are tricky- they must be impeccably cut in order to look well , and it became evident the moment she started cutting that pooran is a master . what i appreciated most was that although i had an idea about a somewhat longer , fussy style , pooran understood that my hyperactive lifestyle and general disinterest in fiddlng with my hair would be better suited to a fabulous pixie crop with swooshed up bangs . ooh la la ! poza salon forever !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the worst experience with their staff yesterday . i came in not to obtain services from them but from the waxing location also located at this address on the second floor . since it was my first time there plus it was dark , i came up to the front entrance and this employee looked right at me . i asked if this was the correct entrance or if i needed to go through another entrance . the man or young boy still looking at me just rolled his eyes and continued talking to someone else inside the salon . i was very polite to him i do n't think i was asking for too much . i felt horrible and just left . even if you did n't want my services , i believe its common curtesy to be nice to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was thrilled with my hair after a visit with lauren . it is easy to find someone to cut and color your hair in charlotte . what is not easy is to find someone who is able to design a personal style just for you that fits your hair and your style . poza provides both , in a luxurious yet comfortable salon . everything about this place makes you feel unique and beautiful . i highly recommend for anyone that wants to discover what superior hairstyling is all about !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean salon . trendy inside ... exceptional stylists ... ..lauren takes special care of me ... .love love her ! ! ! she takes the time to talk to me and make me feel beautiful . jessie is an excellent receptionist , polite and very attentive to all needs as leaving the salon after my appointment . a must try if you are looking for your beauty needs . bonnie d .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this salon and i love lauren ! i 've known lauren since we were kids so when i wanted to dye my hair red i knew she was the only one i would trust to do it . i 've been coming to see her for almost three years now and always leave the salon feeling more beautiful than when i went in . i 'm always receiving compliments on my hair even after it 's been weeks since i 've had it done . hands down the best salon i 've been to and could n't ask for a better stylist !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "y = two thumbs up ! i googled best vidal sasson bob to find poza salon . jessie was great at reception and recommended sonja . woohoo ! i am a bob fanatic and my new haircut is amazing . if you need a sleek bob poza salon is a must !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to poza salon for a few months now , after bouncing around from a few other salons in the past year plus since moving here . i now know i will go no where else ! i admit , i love the salon experience and rachel ! she remembers all of our previous conversations , gives me tips for my hair , and is pretty much awesome . i look forward to going to every visit ! the salon is clean , the vibe is relaxed and parking is great right behind the salon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best haircuts i 've ever gotten . wo n't go anywhere else ! ! zahava always knows exactly what i want and need - which is extremely important to me . she really listens to what i have to say and considers how i do my own hair to give me the perfect cut . i 'm never disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ramen here is great . i highly recommend this place . i eat here all the time in the winter . service is great as the food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm always up for trying new ramen places . i came here for lunch with my wife when we found a lot of places we wanted to try was closed on a sunday . it was fairly busy on a sunday afternoon but was able to be seated in 5 mins . ordered the tonkatsu black . it was pretty good . not as strong on taste as one at sho ryu ken ramen which i preferred . fairly enough meat and the ramen came with an egg which does n't seem to be that common in ramen places nowadays except as an add on . also had the slow cooked wings and gyoza . both were great . you can actually taste the freshness of the gyoza . the slow cooked wings were tender and flavorful . the place was small but not cramped . one of the things i like about ramen places is that they are fairly cozy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amc has really stepped up their game in the movie watching world ! the seats recline , are cozy and you can lift up the arm rests . they have a bar in the theater ( over priced drinks but still an option ) . the ticket prices here are also about $ 2 less than other theaters and for people like me that is enough to decide to come here more than other theaters . they do have assigned seating when you purchase tickets so make sure to get there early or order them online for more popular movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome all around ! i love all the new amc theaters , and this is the best one yet ! i love that the self-serve coke machine has diet barqs - which existence i thought was a myth . the employees are friendly , the ticket machine is easy to use , the full bar is great , and the selection of films is pretty robust . but the seating is by far the best thing about the theater - the reclining , assigned seats are soooo comfortable ! the armrests between the seats can be flipped up , creating a cozy loveseat to share with your date . even at a full recline , there is plenty of room to allow others sitting in your row to pass by . i wish airplanes had this kind of seating . tip : buy your tickets online ahead of time for more popular movies on the weekends . i bought tickets for a saturday 9 p.m. showing a full 12 hours ahead of time , and it was already almost sold out . luckily , there are no bad seats in this theater !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this movie theater is amazing ! amc theaters have just been remodeled . they are so attractive and completely functional . they have new seating , which i will talk more about later . a new coke machine had over 100 options to choose from . great staff . and just an overall great experience . the tickets are also cheaper than may other theater i have been to . they are , at most , $ 9.25 . i 'm use to seeing $ 12.50 for evening showings ... so this is great . the best part are the new seats . they are red leather that completely recline . i was so comfortable throughout the entire more . the center arm rest can be pushed up so you can cuddle with a special someone ... or just lay across the massive seats . go check out the new amc theaters . i wo n't be going to any other location now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "1 ) full bar . 2 ) lethally comfortable recliners to enjoy during movies . 3 ) ridiculously reasonable prices . five stars . nothing more to say .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best of all time . reserved seating . recline movie chairs . awesome . best . clear view . sounds are crisp .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how cool is it to lay back in a comfortable reclining chair with a long island ice tea and watch a movie on the big screen ! ? ! ? ! so cool . you can buy tickets from a machine ( hallelujah ) , get an assigned seat ( even better ) , get some drinks at the full bar , and relax . the only bad part is you ca n't pause the movie when you have to take a detour to the ladies room after your drink is gone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite theater in town . the seats are so comfortable ! you can recline completely and there 's plenty of room in front of you so people can get to the aisle without making you stand up . the theaters are a little smaller , but i generally see movies after opening weekend so it 's never been that crowded for me . they have kiosks where you can buy your ticket and choose your seat so no more waiting in long lines when you 're running late ! i do n't ever buy snacks at the movies because it 's always overprices . but they do have one of those fancy coke machines . staff have always been friendly . skip the crowds and come lounge at the amc !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i 'm planning to see a movie in theaters , i come here 9 out of 10 times . the perks at this amc include assigned seating , leather reclining chairs , a bar , and one of those five guys soda machine . this particular location does not have a imax and typically i find amc ticket prices rather high , but you always have the option to go earlier for the matinee . if you and the significant other watch at least 4-5 movies at the theater per year , invest the $ 13 on the amc stubs card .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you get your own reclining comfy chair and you can choose to get a double chair without a middle arm rest if that 's your date style . the prices are less than crocker park 's regal and they have all the newest movies . personal favorite and a much better choice than the crowded and overpriced regal ! ! they also have a full bar ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i reluctantly give this review because my wife and i love going to amc westwood to watch a movie . each week we get a large popcorn and a large water . we watched 'vacation ' , which was hilarious . my problem is that the popcorn was very salty and after about a 1 3 of the bag neither of us could eat anymore . i took the bag to guest services hoping to at least get a voucher for our next visit considering the 10 plus dollars spent on a product that cost less than 50 cents to produce . i had to wait for a manager for over 10 min . ( it was not crowded ) and explained the situation . she refused to give me a voucher or offer a refund of any sort . my point is not about the money but the service . i am in the service industry and have to deal with these things all the time . this was a no brainer . amc your manager dropped the ball .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my go to theater . i am always a little disappointed when i have to go see a movie elsewhere . they have the large recliner seating , which is awesome . the armrests between the pair of seats comes up too . what i really love is that you can reserve your seats in advance . so , even if you get to the movie late , you can still get your preferred seats because you picked them in advance . the sound quality in the theaters has always been good - not deafening , but not too quiet . amc westwood town center has a bar with alcoholic beverages . best of all , they have the glorious do it yourself popcorn butter dispenser . they also offer one of those soda machines where you have the option of making a thousand different variations of sodas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place to catch a movie on the westside . reclining leather seats and the theater size is n't huge so you do n't have worry about huge crowds . recommendation : need more than two auto drink machines during the busy times . amc reward card a must . good investment for people who watch a lot of movies or have larger families .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite theater by far . close to my house in lakewood . i think movies are expensive to begin with , but they give you bang for your buck . reclining chairs , booze , reclining chairs , great personal space in your reclining chair so you are n't on top of the person next to you , booze and did i mention reclining chairs ? ? haha . i like that the theater is small , i mean just a few screens . real cozy vibes . prices are expensive for candy and snacks but that is normal thing pretty much everywhere ( i 'm not gon na take off for that ) . when you buy tickets you can pick where you wan na sit which is nice , so you do n't end up getting crappy seats . they are all numbered . did i mention the reclining seats and awesome personal space ? ? ? ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i amend my statement about getting there a little early . if you are looking to see a new release , or even a relatively new release you should get your tickets several hours before hand if not the day before . i 'm not going to give the place fewer stars for having limited seating ( the price of those insanely comfy sofa chairs ) but it is something to note that if you are particular about seats ( do n't like sitting in the very front or back ) or you have made plans to go in advance , you 're best off getting tickets asap or trying your luck on a weekday . at 3pm on a saturday we wanted to see jurassic world or inside out , we ended up having to go to another theater because for io there were pretty much no seats left for any showing , and for jw the only show that had decent seats was @ 10pm .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great . leather recliners and assigned seating . enough room in front and behind that you dont have to worry about that annoying person who always kicks your chair . way cheaper than regal theaters and 10 times nicer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite theaters when i 'm `` home '' . the upgrades are great , but they were n't even necessary . i do love how amc has always been honest with their customers when it comes to ticket prices and deals , and this spot is no expection , even with their leather recliners , huge screens , great sound , and expansive food options . my lady would give any spot with those fancy new coke machines five stars , and i do n't blame her- they were also well thought out . if you want to see a movie , and have n't been here , yet ? def . check it out . you 'll be glad you did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this theater . the oversized recliners make for the most comfortable viewing experience anywhere outside the comfort of your own home . matinees are always a bit cheaper so we try and make those when possible . there 's also a bar and great selection of hot food concessions . check this place first !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this theater is a story of redemption . what was arguably one of the worst theaters on cleveland 's west side has become the favorite of my wife and i . thank you amc for the fantastic renovation !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably the most comfortable theater around ( recliners ) . many screens and you pick your own seats ahead of time ! decently priced and with plenty of food drink options . perfect place to go see a movie this holiday !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really enjoy this theater . it 's pretty small , and usually not overcrowded . the theaters and the restrooms are clean , and the employees are nice . i like the adjustable seats , and buying the tickets in advance ( which is pretty common at most amc 's now . ) the concession stand prices are outrageous , just like at any movie theater , but i do n't buy anything anyway , lol . the one downfall is the parking . it 's right next to a bunch of shops , as well as a grocery store , so sometimes parking is a bit difficult and you have to park a ways away . other than that i really do like this theater , and it 's my first choice to go to .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "did n't partake in any food or beverage options here , but the selections seem great . what makes this the best is the leather recliners and assigned seats . will be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ever since i 've discovered this theater i never go anywhere else . unless i 'm out of the area . this theater is a 20 minute drive from my house but we 'll worth it . i love the size and comfort of the seats . if you need to go to the bathroom no one has to get up to let you out of the row . you pick your seats whether you buy on line or in person . i have an elite card which waives your on line convenience fee and gives you free size upgrades on popcorn and drinks . there is also a , reward program and i frequently earn $ 5 coupons . they have a bar that 's opens after 4 pm . it 's a bit overpriced but that 's too be expected . the reason for 4 stars is there 's never enough parking ! but it 's worth it", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what can i say , it 's a movie theater -- the new seats are awesome though . so unbelieveably comfortable . i just hope they clean them . it 's also super awkward when a couple reclines both seats and full on spoon each other while watching a movie . come on now , you 're in public , not at home . just make sure you reserve your seats ahead of time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "usually have a great experience at this theatre but went to see the new spider man movie last night and the screen cut out towards the end of the movie at the beginning of the big scene for about 5 minutes ... we could hear the movie but could not see it . they did fix the problem but we missed 5 minutes of the movie at an important part and then did n't even bother to apologize or do anything at the end of the movie ... disappointing ..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this theatre ! the reclining seats , pop dispensers , cleanliness and courteous staff ! a-1 in my opinion .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unable to buy tickets on line , the purchase now button kept fading out , perhaps you have to join their club , not interested . doors did not open until 15 minutes before showtime . waited outside for 20 minutes . in the outer lobby there is a kiosk , perhaps they could keep the lobby open for customers . was so befuddled and dissatisfied with their purchase arrangements it was hard to settle in and enjoy the movie . will be in no hurry to return , red box is fine .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ummm ... leather comfortable recliners that are electric and quiet , this place is amazing ! go watch in groups of 2 and enjoy a movie in theater like never before ! reserve your seat online , or go there well ahead of time to get a good spot and then enjoy a beer at the bar ! oh , and for some reason the ticket was even still $ 9 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay , the westwood theater has been renovated ! my wife and i saw a movie there a week or so ago and ... lord amighty , it was sweet ! every.single.seat in the theater was an overstuffed leather recliner ! ! ! i 'm not talking about a theater seat that reclines a bit , i 'm talking about an actual real recliner ! and there 's enough room between the rows that , even when fully reclined , there 's still plenty of room for people to walk past you . truly , this place now sets the standard for a great theater experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best movie theater ever ! ! ! especially the recliner chair , so comfortable.. always clean and the stuff that i have encountered have always been friendly and helpful", "score": "5"}
{"review": "favorite theater in cleveland for me , reclining chairs , a little small so not usually over crowd . never had problem with services , the staff are nice and the restrooms are clean . grab a drink at the bar or icee popcorn and have a great experience ! of course unless the movie you went to sucks . cheers~ !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "easily one of the greatest theaters around . always a pleasure to go to . after a dozen visits i would , and do recommend this to anyone", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice upgrade at this theater . they now have the leather recliner seating . oh ! and the seats are assigned . perfect ! they have a bar . and , they have the coke machines that make any flavor you can imagine . the place is clean , and well staffed . we love coming here when our favorite theater ( capitol ) does n't have what we want to see .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the best place to see a movie . we 've taken kids there and every employee is very polite & helpful ( even 5 year old spilled an entire large popcorn ) . it 's a great place for a date also because you can have a beer or a mixed drink while you watch the show !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the very first theater seat that did n't hurt my butt ! lol the reclining chairs are so comfortable it makes any other theater chair feel like a park bench . i mean what more could you want ? but just in case you want more ... . it offers a coke freestyle machine and a fully stocked bar . well done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best place to come to watch a movie . love the seatings love the concession stand , most importantly its so clean including the bathrooms .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this places has been completely revamped . comfy lazy boy seats , surround sounds , drinks and yes , drinks ! also , provides best price point . you will have business . best theater in cleveland west .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this theatre.i love the comfy seats ... they recline . its awesome.everyone was really nice and the theatre seems state of the art .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i never really cared about going to this theater until they did these massive renovations . now it 's the only theater i ever want to go to . the bar is great , especially if you get the larger sized drinks , then the value is n't too bad at all , considering it 's a movie theater where the concessions are already way overpriced . the seats are almost too comfy , which is not a bad thing at all ! i love this theater , always my first pick .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the seating is great they have a bar and it 's a nice feeling when you walk through the entrance it 's kinda small but cool only no arcade but great", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we met friends for sunday brunch and thankfully they had made a reservation because the place was hopping . the decor and atmosphere was inviting , so i was looking forward to the meal . sadly , it turned out to be an awful experience ! the service was slow and the guy waiting our table seemed to be annoyed that he was even working that day . he barely cracked a smile . the service was slow ! it took 15 minutes after being seated to get water and an hour to get our food . the glowing recommendations may be from people who do not go on the weekend . the staff here need training ! smile , check on your tables , apologize for slow service , something to show there is a caring human being behind the mask . the food was adequate , but not good enough to compensate for the unpleasant dining experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was surprised , considering the reviews are mixed . for me i got the veggie omelette , with fruit and the gluten-free pancakes . i 'm strangely picky about my veggie omelette . it bothers me when it comes out with little tiny pieces of veggies , unlike this one . big pieces of veggies and a big omelette . fruit was a skewer of mainly pineapple , but it was good . gluten-free pancakes , still hard to find , were very good and they gave you two of them . service was friendly and very quick . the room is also big , open with a very large outside patio . the only negative is it 's a bit confusing to get in to the plaza ( at the end of it ) . that does n't seem like a big deal for what i think is a five star breakfast . ps , i did go at an off time , which was 10:30 on monday so maybe that 's why things went smoothly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went on opening day and thoroughly enjoyed the experience . our waiter had a few kinks with the ordering system and they did n't have all of their menu items available but i 'm not going to nitpick . the place was decorated very nicely with a clean modern look . the patio area also looked good but i do n't think it was in use yet . it was very spacious inside and the tables were not cluttered like in many other restaurants to seat as many as possible . the menu has lots of great sounding options and they have a good variety of freshly squeezed juices . the food was incredible ! i ordered 2 eggs with sausage links and my girlfriend went with the breakfast quesadilla . we were definitely not let down with the food . they have nicely seasoned hashbrowns which were outstanding ! the pancakes were also amazing ! portions are huge and prices are reasonable . i will certainly be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we will not ever eat here . got out of church on sunday and called at 12:40 to see how long the wait would be since with the kids we are a party of 5 . i was eager to try this place but with 2 kids and a toddler we ca n't wait 45 mins for a table . i know sunday is their busiest day , and having run restaurants many years i also know that they should staff for it . i called the restaurant no kidding , a dozen times and no one ever would answer the phone ! i do n't care how busy you are , you answer the phone when you run a restaurant ! as a gm i always had a three ring rule on incoming calls , you have to answer it by three or you might lose the customer . a few times i called , someone picked up and hung up immediately . wtf . i guess that means they are too busy for my party of 5 . forgettaboudit !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "5.50 . in many countries that is the annual wage of a migrant worker . in this country , specifically at the brunch destination so fondly called `` eggstasy '' , that is the price of an orange juice . the juice of an orange , the sweet , pulpy substance found within the thick rind of one of arizona five c 's . while i , along with every other living breathing mortal to set foot in a brunch establishment , enjoy the tart nectar , i have my limits . 5.50 exceeds those limits . it goes so far as to test my faith in humanity , my certainty in the sanctity of our children . yes , our children .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service is terribly slow and sporadic . seems completely disjointed from hostess desk through the meal service . although there were plenty of tables empty and clean , it took 15 minutes to be seated . waited over 45 minutes for food after order was taken . waiter never checked in the whole time . would not recommend unless you want to wait all day .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow ... this place has such potential ! great atmosphere and patio , but poor service . i hope the owners read the reviews and take them to heart ... .location is perfect , patio is a great place to hang in the arizona weather , nice large bar . they have a long way to go with service and professionalism . will not return until i hear they have improved .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "april 27th way to go nichole ! ! excellent customer service i told her about my drive to san diego she brought me 2 cups of water to go and ice when i asked for one . food delicious , coffee excellent ! wish we had one in san diego !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on a recent trip to arizona i dined at quite a few really good restaurants but this one stood above the rest . usually something has to give - either quality , service , or price . i was impressed on all accounts . everything exceeded expectation . the menu was varied and creative , food was fantastic and served in generous quantity . service from the hostesses and our server tara was prompt , friendly , and attentive with genuine friendliness that one does n't find everywhere . i have never before been personally thanked for my business by the owner ( manager ? ) and sent away with a fresh to-go coffee but it happened here . five stars without hesitation for eggstacy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for a birthday breakfast with a girlfriend . had the classic eggs benedict . it was good , but not the best i 've ever had , although i ca n't really tell you why-maybe it was their hollandaise sauce ? the place is very modern but it kind of feels like you are in a cafeteria the way the tables are situated . and i can see it getting very loud if it 's really busy . the portions are enormous ! good potatoes too . definitely enough to share a couple things . i will try something else next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so bummed ! we 've been here several times before and it 's been pretty good . it started with us calling ahead to put our name in and we should have been seated quickly . after 20 min we checked in with the hostess stand and our name was crossed off the list ? ! they gave our table to someone else . after we finally got seated it was at least an hour before they brought 1 item of food out . 5 min later another single order came out wrong . basically staggered food for a table of 4 . terrible ! no manager came over and when we asked for the manager- she never showed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "all i can say is wow their pancakes are delicious there omelets are amazing and their prices are reasonable . first thing i always get is their strawberry orange juice it is delicious and it is a must if you have n't had it , get it . this place is always busy especially on weekends but it is worth the wait they have a great outside patio where you can take in some rays and eat your breakfast too . their crepes are great and so are their pancakes if you have n't had them before bring some buddies and an appetite to make sure you taste a little bit of everything . my favorite part is that they offer great choices on the menu as far as omelets but if you want to do your own thing they let you do that too . perfect breakfast spot for the whole family moderately priced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if your slogan is going to be `` breakfast . brunch . mimosas . '' i would offer a mimosa menu . both times i 've dined here i have asked what mimosas they offer and the response has been `` normal ones '' or `` idk we can do grapefruit or cranberry ? '' i like this place . the food , atmosphere and service is good . but it could be a lot better if they offered some better cocktails .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is delicious and they have a great selection ! the prosciutto omelette is amazing ! the service is fantastic . our waiter was owen and he was so sweet and really attentive . i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great new breakfast spot ! the atmosphere is super cool and the patio is amazing ! yummy food and huge portions ! ! ! you need to visit this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here on a sunday morning and must have just beat the rush , got seated right away . the food however was not good . the pretzel croque madame was cold untoasted bread covered in a beschemel sauce which was actually not terrible . unfortunately they failed to inform that the pretzel portion was not availabale . when i mentioned that the bread was untoasted and quickly got soggy to the waitress she took my plate and had the chef microwave the plate . this created a sloppy mess . despite my plea to simply just get a side of eggs ( which i was ready to pay for ) i was rudely informed that the croque madame was up to the chefs standards and that i was being picky .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not only does this place have the best coffee , but it has such a variety of unique food items and everything is so good . even the healthy stuff is great ! love the 'skinny b @ # c ' wrap and the various french toasts are to die for . the only negative thing i can say about this place is that the wait staff is a little slow , although very friendly . i have learned to ask them to either come back to the table often to refill my coffee or leave the carafe at the table because their cups are small and they do n't come back often enough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have tried this restaurant out twice now . first time we sat inside and the service was not the best . everything took much longer than it normally would at any other restaurant . we decided to give it another try . this time we sat outside at the bar hoping for faster service . it took 25 minutes from when we sat down to have our order taken . it took more than ten minutes to get a cup of hot coffee . the quality of the food is good but the service is not the best and we will definitely not be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "eggstasy is an awesome restaurant with absolutely fantastic food and great service ! ! every plate i 've had here has surpassed my expectations by far , and the waiters & waitresses are always so friendly ! the food they serve is fresh , and they will modify any plate to make you happy . props to the owner , this restaurant is a++ !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the 3 star rating is for the service received this last visit . if you ever go to eat at this eggstasy location , save yourself a headache and wait for a table inside instead of opting to eat outside . the service we received while sitting outside was horrendous . we sat and watched our juices sit at the bar for 10 minutes . and then our omelettes came , with our pancakes another 10 minutes later . but when we had previously dined inside , the service was awesome and everything came out on time . it felt like a totally different experience . but the food is always great !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! we 've become regulars here and every time we leave fat and happy . the service is always great and the portions of the food are huge . you can even substitute specialty pancakes for toast ! ! ! i tell every one i know to come here- it blows every breakfast place in scottsdale out of the water .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has a very cool outdoor patio with misters and shade that is awesome almost all year , i suspect . the atmosphere is very hipster-scottsdale-classy . this is a popular spot due to its prime location on shea & scottsdale so it is a bit more noisy than average . the prices are on par with most other scottsdale locations , a little bit on the pricier side . i had the dutch apple french toast ( $ 12 after tax ) . the french toast was just two huge pieces of texas toast with some apples on it , no sides . the french toast was very good , albeit a little overpriced . so all in all , a solid scottsdale breakfast spot with a hipster atmosphere similar to hash kitchen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "7 of us ate at eggstasy on a thursday morning during christmas break . the food was very good and the menu had many cool and unique items . the servers were friendly and tried hard , although the service was somewhat slow , still a nice breakfast joint .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what an enjoyable breakfast ! sarah is an incredible server , and has such great food suggestions . i had the gypsy steak skillet which was to die for and my boyfriend had the smoked salmon omelet with a yummy mascarpone sauce . the water is infused with cucumbers , they do have regular water too if you do n't want anything infused . we did n't have any juices , but they do have fresh squeezed juice available . the little 3 year old behind us squealed in excitement as his fresh orange juice was being made . the coffee is lavazza and is delicious ! sarah even brought us some to take with us on our trip back home to santa fe , nm . i 'm definitely bringing my little girl back to eat here to try the mickey mouse pancakes ! super glad our friends recommended this to us , we 'll recommend it to everyone else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried this wonderful new breakfast and lunch spot in scottsdale for the first time and thoroughly enjoyed it . the menu is excellent and the food preparation and presentation was superb . i had a terrific breakfast burrito with fruit which was fresh and served with a generous helping of sliced avacado . every plate i noticed being served looked exquisite . my servers , britni and chris were also wonderful which just made the experience all that more enjoyable . also , unlike many other breakfast spots eggstasy does accept reservations . if you 're a scottsdale breakfast person you 'll be pleased you gave eggstasy a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gave it two tries and the service and operations were so bad that we are not going back . waited 15 minutes before we were even served water the first time ... food took just as long . did n't plan on returning but they gave us a gift card because we had to wait for so long . went back again today and the same service issues . food was fine but not great ... we had the smoked salmon benedict and a breakfast flatbread . ordered a kids breakfast for my kids and they brought out both breakfasts on the same dish ? ! ? ! maybe the cook does n't have kids but children do n't really like to eat their meals off the same plate ... had to get a separate dish to split the breakfasts . i will say the pancakes are good and it has a nice indoor outdoor trendy atmosphere but not enough to make us return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great selection on the menu . you may dine inside or out . service was great . chick 's in the blanket was excellent . bloody mary 's were delicious . we will be going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was n't even going to waste time in writing this review , but after i left the breakfast 'nightclub ' known as eggstacy i had to . i have no idea why this place is so busy , except that while looking around at the high school age filled tables , i can guess . the only bright point in this adventure was our waiter , a young kid who was trying his best to salvage the disaster of food the kitchen had sent out . i 'll spare the description of food , it 's not worth it . we sent it back and it came back worse ( did not eat it ) . the noise level in place rivaled the interior of a crashing jet , but the food would probably be better on the plane . save your time , your money , your hearing and make just toast at home , it 'll be a better experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food pretty good and service friendly just poorly managed . second time they could n't make change because no cash drawer and none of the five servers brought a bank . really ? pretty basic", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of our favorite places to eat . the food is fantastic and the staff is always welcoming . the manager is very accommodating and makes sure that the guests are always happy ! it can get busy on the weekends but is worth the wait : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very , very loud . i ordered breakfast panning , which was very good , if a bit soggy . the fruit kebab had a rotten strawberry and blackberry . my friend ordered traditional benedict . the hash browns tasted funny , like the oil was old . there was not enough hollandaise and the waiter never came back to offer more coffee or see how the food was . 2 stars only because my sandwich was tasty .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ive been coming here for about a year and i used to love this place ! without a doubt , my sunday plans included coming here for breakfast . but the quality in consumer service has drastically changed and it got so bad , i 've had to walk out . just right now , one of the girls that work at entrance had quite an attitude , threw the menu onto the table and just walked away . we then waited for a while to get water , and keep in mind that it was n't busy to get someone to come to our table . i got so agitated with not getting any service , been sat at a table with dirty cups and the bill from the last customers that sat there , that we walked away . it 's sad to say that y'all have lost a loyal costumer . this is just one of many examples of the slip in costumer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "huge menu for breakfast brunch . order a bloody mary . thing is a work of art and comes with chocolate bacon ! great start to the day ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really friendly staff , large , tasty portions , bright open space , wide variety on the menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after a little wait fighting off the scottsdale cold we were sat down at a table in the sun to warm up before the meal . my girlfriend ordered the eggs , corned beef hash , and pancakes while i decided to go all out with the dutch apple french toast with a side of chocolate covered bacon . let me first say that the strawberry mimosa and fresh squeezed orange juice were just incredible but back to the main event . the beautiful presentation of a half chocolate covered piece of crispy bacon with chocolate drizzle , whipped cream and strawberry was a great start . and then the french toast arrived ... thick french toast covered in caramel , saut\u00e9ed apples , and graham cracker crumbles , best french toast this side of france , if they even make french toast over there . more food than we could reasonably handle but it wo n't deter us from returning again . next time , crispy pancakes ... in the eternal words of arnold shwarzeneggar , who is not french , i 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good spot to have a chill meal . nice current music playing with a very clean feel and look . food was good too ! i had the steak & eggs ( 6oz steak , hefty portion of eggs and the hashbrowns were seasoned just right ! my daughter had the pancakes they were not light and flaky a little on the over cooked side with made them dry . loved the cucumber water in craft that they leave at table , nice touch . the staff is nice . we will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time trying this place out after hearing many friends talk it up . you get a lot of food for a great price . i ordered the veggie omelette and it came with a good portion of fruit on the side , as well as two pancakes ... all for about $ 10 . i liked how you can add protein to the pancakes . service was good too . i think krista was waiting on us . thanks for the coffee krista !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "josie is the only person i trust to do my lashes , before her i use to get really bad reactions to lash extensions since she 's been doing my lashes for a couple of years now i have n't had any issues . her work is amazing and you do n't have to worry about sitting in the chair for 2hours.she 's fast and does great work . my lashes last me 3wks usually before i have to get them fill . and her prices are reasonable not like some other lash studios . go see josie at lash doll lv you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i usually get a full volume set . josie does a great job.. very gentle and they last 2 weeks . the only person i trust to do my lashes ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was nervous to get eyelash extensions but after a bit of research decided to go to josie a few months ago . i 'm so happy she has opened her own studio . it 's adorable and she is wonderful ! i never have any irritation from the lashes and they usually last 3 weeks . she customizes them to the length and fullness i love . i also love that she she does my lashes quickly so i 'm not antsy from in a chair forever . and most important , she is so sweet !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love chantel ! she is amazing ! the pictures are worth a thousand words . great room . great location . very friendly . if your looking for a lash home . here you go ladies !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "josie is the absolute best ever ! i 've probably had lashes for 8 years and she is honestly the best i 've ever had . she 's so gentle and precise . nothing gets in your eye and there 's no clumps of glue like other people have done to me previously . they 're just light and fluffy and perfection ! if you want amazing lashes josie is the artist to go to ! ! ! she 's amazing ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the office staff is so rude and incompetent . they hung up on me twice when i called in asking a question . all i needed was a doctors note to be sent to me for my work and they did n't want to take care of it . i had to physically come back into the office to essentially get in their face about and even then , they were still rude and hesitant to provide me with one . never coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "at this point if yelp would let me put no stars i would ! so after calling for a week to simply have them refill my meds prior to me moving they have still not ! even after daily calls they simply tell me the same thing `` okay i 'll let the doctor know when she 's out of her appointment and we 'll get them called in today '' . this place is horrible ! ! ! thank goodness i noticed i was up on refills prior to actually running out of my daily needed meds others wise i would be sol with this practice . an to add they just started do blood work in the office instead of sending you out . which you would think is great right ? well not when the office does n't bill to and you all of a sudden get a creditor call because the blood works office said they 've been trying to get in touch will you and the doctor has n't sent them you mailing address . i mean this is so unbelievable avoid at all costs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a new patient appointment and wo n't be going back . i needed a new doctor and searched online for the best female doctor . there were alot of great reviews so i called dr ana maria sierra de aragon 's office . i had a weird feeling when no one answered the phone in the office no matter what time of day i called , but i went anyway . i waited two hours , it would n't have been a huge problem but at least 4 people came in after me and were all seen before me . finally a male doctor came in the room . he was very nice but i never even found out what his name was . he was the only one that cared at all that i had to wait so long . he seemed like a fine doctor but i do n't want a male pcp , i never met dr ana maria sierra de aragon , but i wo n't be going back to her practice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "seriously the worst place ever . unprofessional . long wait tone . and the entire staff seems to not know what they are doing . and one of the staff members was wearing tights as pants . i 've waited an hour for appointments and days for important paper work to be filled out to then be told i have to pay 15 $ for the form . completely ridiculous . i ca n't stand this place . there was a spilled drink in the elevator that was literally there for at least 3 days . run do not walk , run from this place ! it is awful ! ! ! ! ! ! ! getto and gross ! ! ! ! one star only because i had to put something .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to this office because it had all these great reviews well from the moment i walked in it was a major disappointment . there was only 1 other person in front of me it took over a hour to be seen . the bathrooms were disgusting no paper towels garbage everywhere and the front desk had horrible customer service . i went there to get my thyroid checked so they sent me to go get blood work done . over a week goes by and i never received a phone call so i called them left a message no one called me back and i called again the next week so 3 weeks not since my blood work and at this point i 'm frustrated left another message never called back . so i went and got my results myself from the lab and went somewhere else to be told i have to go see a specialist because i could have a autoimmune disease . thanks for caring for your patients ! i will never go back there worst experience i have ever had .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i contemplated changing primary care physicians a year ago after having a lot of difficulty getting through to office staff to follow up on my lab work and for prescription refills , but i decided to let it slide . well , this week i went to see the np at dr. ana sierra de aragon 's office , and while he was friendly , he wrote my prescription for the wrong quantity so my pharmacy would not fill it . my pharmacy reported that they called 3 times with no response . i called the office twice today to have them correct it and i did n't get a call back , not even to acknowledge they were working on it . i also learned this week that the labwork i had done back in april may of 2014 showed my vitamin d was deficient , yet no one discussed that with me until nearly 1 yr later ! i am looking for a new doctor . the office staff seems unprofessional and uncaring . i should have changed doctors last year .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "she is the best doctor that i have ever had . she listens to her patients . which is a rarity with doctors nowadays . she is a rare gem in gilbert . you will find no doctor better . i am a nurse and have worked for many doctors that only care about getting patients in and out in under 10-15 minutes ; so trust me when i say the best dr . ever . the clinic is open longer hours and open one or two saturdays a month till noon . office hours : monday 8 to 5 lunch from 12 to 1 tuesday 8 to 5 lunch from 12 to 1 wednesday 10 to 7 lunch from 12 to 1 thursday 8 to 7 lunch from 12 to 1 friday 8 to 5 lunch from 12 to 1 saturday 8 to 12 call to verify", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been using dr. sierra de aragon 's office for about a year now . i am always able to get in for an appointment within a day or two of calling , which is extremely important to me . i rarely wait long in the lobby or exam room . the front office staff is always professional , helpful , and friendly . i started seeing fnp paul kuppinger several months ago , and with his constant encouragement and expertise , we 've been managing my health issues as a team . i trust his medicine and really feel like he 's personally invested in my health . i would definitely recommend paul to anyone , until he gets too popular and i have trouble getting appointments with him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have recently become a patient of dr. aragon and am very pleased with my experiences . the office is clean and well furnished , including the restroom . the staff is pleasant and professional . dr. aragon has seen me at my appointed times and takes the time to make sure my questions are answered and to explain my treatments , something that is lacking in some other offices . happy to have found her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not very personable . it 's going on two months since my visit and they still have not billed medicare and i ca n't get the billing people to return my call .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i switched to this office and i enjoyed how thorough both ana and paul were . they were patient and spent as much time as i needed to give me the piece of mind i needed . i would recommend this doctor to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the list of tuck shop awesomeness keeps growing . three words : `` ginger ale '' and `` dessert . '' each are worth every calorie ! i had always skipped dessert here because the novel cookie dough bite was enough to satisfy ; but , then , i had a bite of someone 's cake here and it was fantastic ! so fantastic , the memory of it compelled me to encourage a dinner companion to pass on dessert at a northeast scottsdale ( we 're talking practically fountain hills ) restaurant and make the trek to tuck shop just for dessert ! unfortunately , it was a monday and they were closed so i had to go with an alternate . point remains : the dessert inspired the drive . keep sharing your food and save room for dessert !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what do the tuck shop and a drag queen have in common ? they both tuck there assets away so that it 's difficult to find them and when you see them perform they have a lot of surprises . after several recommendations and a lot of rave reviews on yelp i finally visited this neighborhood gem . i definitely recommend the pasta fries , stuffed medjool dates , baby lettuce salad , and chicken & waffles . i 've never had such juicy and tender chicken that was this crispy before . awesome ! by the way , i did n't have all those dishes to myself or even during the same visit so keep your judgements to yourself : p", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have nothing but positive things to say about tuck shop . the decor is contemporary and thoughtfully laid out . there 's a small bar and a comfortable seating area in addition to the main dining area . you can order in any of the three areas and the wait staff is both kind and helpful . we had two appetizers and three entrees to share among three people and were plenty satisfied . the potato wedges with aioli were fantastic , as was the beet salad . the panini `` bites '' were large enough to share and the chocolate souffl\u00e9 was a great end to a terrific meal . this place is a great addition to the `` downtown '' scene ! it 's both casual and a pseudo-foodie place . i ca n't wait to try the owners sunday prix fix meals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been to this place a couple times and i can not really complain about it ... good ambience , service , and food . however , this is the kind of place you go to before you go to bed because that is how you are going to feel after dinner here ! ! its comfort food , which is aways good . some stand outs are the cheese plate and of course the chicken and waffles . some of the other dishes i have tried tend to be on the salty side and a little unbalance , flavor profile wise . its not great food , but good ... .so why the 4 stars . if you the guts to open a restaurant in a residential neighborhood , especially in that neighborhood and able to turn a residential house into architector 's dream and serving decent food..you deserve 4 stars in my book : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "how have i not written a review for one of my favorite restaurants in phoenix yet ? bad rachel ! tuck shop is a great spot , tucked away in a neighborhood , and full of delicious seasonal food . they not only have a rotating menu , but an extensive wine list and create their own syrups in-house for cocktails . their mac n cheese ( with lobster obviously ) is incredible . their simple , yet tasty , roasted garlic is always a must with me as well . salads are top notch , daily specials always mouth watering , and it 's just a warm atmosphere to be a part of . the manager is supremely nice and recognizes you after just one visit . every waiter i 've had has been the picture of great service and i ca n't think of one bad dish i 've been served . parking can sometimes be a bit tricky , but there is a large lot across the street that you can use . it 's a great place to take out-of-towners , a date , or your parents .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aptly named ! ! it is tucked away and uniquely designed . the food is meant to be shared forget that right now , it 's not enough , but good . the best thing i found here was the h2o . they put slices of cucumbers in it and i found that really refreshing . i would give it another try for lunch maybe next week .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "overall just average . food was ok , drinks ok , ambiance is cool . not sure what all the fuss is about ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "portions may be on the small side here , but the flavors are on-point and the prices are very reasonable . -good-to-great food w creative daily specials and a seasonal menu -easy parking across the street with two overflow lots -friendly and efficient servers ... did n't see a lot of too-young people ( e.g . fox restaurants ) ; moreso , restaurant pros who 've been at it for a minute ( did not have to ask for refills on drinks and stopped by to check on quality of meal ) really quaint neighborhood joint that would be a great date spot . only critique is that at dinner the house lights are probably a little too low . more light would allow the excellent food to be even more appreciated . solid .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice since september . the first time was for my birthday and the last time was about 3 weeks ago . everything about this place is great : the design , the service and the food . the bar is small so the inventory is a bit limited but the food more than makes up for it . get the chorizo stuffed dates and mac n ' cheese . as my friend put it , `` this is like an epicurean explosion in your mouth '' . very true .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum ! everything we ordered was really good ! the crispy shrimp and okra , with hot and cold sauces , very good ! the mac and cheese was okay , i would n't get the lobstah next time if i ordered the dish , actually not sure i would order it again . the fired chicken with citrus brine ... i am still thinking about it 2 weeks later ... so yum ! this dish is why you should go visit the tuck shop alone ! although just seeing the dishes pass us by my dinner partner and i have a list of thing we want to try when we return to the tuck shop and return we will . great job tuck shop !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the tea and desserts are amazing ! i went with my friends for high tea and we tried about a dozen pastries and desserts . amazing creams , crusts and mousses . raspberry mouse like tart is mouthwatering . i also really liked their sandwiches , cucumber and the egg salad were most memorable ! the tea is great , i preferred the english breakfast but that 's my taste , my friend preferred the raspberry ! ca n't wait to go again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love tuck shop - everything is outstanding from the ambiance , to the food , to the service . it 's a bit challenging to find as there is n't any super conspicuous signage , but i kind of appreciate that low-key vibe . i have enjoyed the toast with creamy garlic , zuchinni spears , mac n ' cheese ( sans bacon ) , and the grilled romaine salad . super good spot to take a first date , fyi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a very small place , but that adds to the charm of it . the service was excellent , the food was even better . i 'd of gone 5 stars , but when i compare it to my fav , it 's a little expensive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "attended my first ever high tea at the tuck shop . i was n't sure what to expect but it was such a fun afternoon . it is a beautiful facility , cozy and fun . the staff just blended in . the perfect way to be served . our food and tea were refilled effortlessly . the food was phenomenal and the teas delightful . i was surprised how much i enjoyed the experience and would highly recommend anyone wanting a high tea experience to do so at tuck shop . you will not be disappointed . # hightea", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a night out with great friends while grandma watched the baby and could n't pick a better place ! ! ! great service and everything we ate was superb . very nice atmosphere ... ... .amazing drinks . ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just go eat here . get the cheese curds , i think they may be developing cca ( cheese curd anonymous ) soon , but until it becomes a diagnosable disease i will continue to indulge . oh yah , the pine steak , is also fantastic and will probably also cause addictive like tendencies . oh , oh , oh ... the chicken and waffles are also a pleasant surprise in the other wise repetitive and ordinary dining scene that is so often found in phoenix . just do yourself a favor and go check this place out . and try the home made ginger ale , tonic or lemonade by them selves ... or mix it up with one of their top shelve spirits .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the ambience ... .very cool . the service has always been personable , fast and fun . the menu interesting and inventive , and yummy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cheese curds , dude salad , and chicken and waffles were our chosen items tonight . all three were delicious ! atmosphere is awesome . you 'd almost miss the place in the dark . our only complaints were the cheese curds could have used dipping sauce and the skin of the fried chicken was too crispy . the waffles were my favorite . they were made with white cheddar . scrumptious , highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food , customer service , music and overall a great vibe . my son wanted something they did n't have on the brunch menu and they brought him out a treat of the most delicious pecan cookie dough balls that made his day ! my favorite thing by far on the regular menu is their chicken and waffles- they are amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great . everything from the atmosphere to the music the staff and the food . a great place for date night , or just a nice evening out with great food . will return many times in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a little hard to find but great service and very filling food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is perhaps the best meal i 've had in phoenix . we live right around the block and do n't come here enough . this is the quintessential neighborhood restaurant . right in the middle of coronado neighborhood . amazing food ! amazing drinks ! amazing deserts . the design is simple and brilliant . i ca n't say enough about this place . so happy and proud to live nearby . when we make our list to stick around in phoenix , tuck shop goes on the pros side .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is super cute ! i had an ipa and the mac and cheese and it was delicious ! the restaurant itself is cute and lively nestled in the historic coronado neighborhood . would make a cute date spot , or just a place to sit at the bar or read on the couches . will definitely return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . very unexpected find in the middle of a neighborhood ! do n't miss the cheese curds and yummy brussel sprouts !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! i have n't had a single thing here i did n't love ! the staff is all wonderful and very accommodating ! get the chorizo stuffed dates and thank me later !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "noisy and cramped but the food is very good ad very different . highly recommended . do n't think about it , just go !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the chicken and waffles were awesome . the mac and cheese with lobstah ( lol ) was to die for . the scallop caprese is a great starter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is top notch . every dish i have ordered is great . beet ravioli , mushroom sandwich , shrimp appetizer , free cookie dough at the end . place is low key . next door good for breakfast as well", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's been too long since i 've eaten here . i love this place . it 's cozy , relaxed and stylish . i the one and only critique is that i wish their menu had more options . however , everything that i 've tried is delicious . i love the dates stuffed with chorizo and manchego cheese . if you have n't tired tuck shop , you should : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here a couple of times and tonight was just as good as the last trip . the cheese curds ? melt in your mouth . the lobster mac and cheese ? rich , decadent goodness . four of us split two main dishes . the mahi-mahi and the pork tenderloin . both meats were cooked to perfection and the presentation was awesome . i only wish we had saved room for dessert . their drink menu has a good selection of beer and wines and we each enjoyed the ones we got ( i got the red triple zin fyi ) . their food menu is n't lengthy , but what they do make , they make exquisitely . a great fit in the exploding downtown food scene . if you enjoy the pass around and share concept , this is as good as it gets .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "come here many times place is great for large groups or nice date night . service is amazing , and atmosphere is perfect . yes cheese curds , yes what ever the special is .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ran into this hidden gem trying to find duza 's cafe for breakfast . i could n't believe how yummy everything was . the place looks like a house outside and inside it has a small amount of seating and a cute little bar . there is also a front sitting area where we enjoyed craft cocktails while we waited for our table . we ordered the brussels and chorizo stuffed dates as appetizers to share for four people . but was just enough to keep you satisfied before dinner . they both tasted delicious . i picked the portobello melt for dinner and i swear it tasted like a burger . i was n't able to finish it but the serving size was just right . i want to come by and try everything on the menu ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried the lobstah mac n ' cheese . it 's good but the price is a little high and the portion is about less than average for the cost . over all nice place and ambience . staff is very friendly . i love the fact that they offer take out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went on a friday night around 7 pm without a reservation and was told that it would be about a 45 minute wait . they directed us next door to astor house where we could have some drinks and appetizers , so that 's what we did . there , we ordered the gumbo appetizer , which turned out to be the size of a full-on entree for two . that filled us up , but after waiting for all that time for a table at tuck shop we were reluctant to just leave it at that , thus more eating ensued once we finally got a table . we ordered the salmon hand pie , which was good but not great . i also wanted to try to stuffed medjool dates which i heard a lot about here on yelp , but was left disappointed . my boyfriend ordered the skirt steak which was delicious . luckily we did n't order dessert because we got one for free when we got our check . overall , i had higher expectations but i still enjoyed our dining experience so i might come again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really enjoyed everything about this quaint little house turned eatery in the neighborhood , literally in the neighborhood . west coast salad was great . pineapple , jicama , avo , greens , whatever , in a great sweetish dressing . lamb meatballs were the best . 3 oval hockey puck like ( shape only ) sitting in yogurt . moist , wonderful . fish and chips were the special . it 's fish and chips , not incredible but 4 stars . not a lot of breading , a good thing . service was perfect . a cool date spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tuck shop you 've got nothing on lo lo 's chicken and waffles . i wanted to love your chicken and waffles , but it was too weird . cheese in the waffle ? the pork tenderloin saved the day for us . it is well worth returning solely for that dish . the atmosphere is great , the service was par , the price was reasonable . i would recommend this establishment to others and i will return . ( for the pork tenderloin )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wish i lived in phoenix , if only i could go to tuck shop every week ! the pulled pork sandwich was to-die-for , and the sides that came with it were great ! while you 'd usually find such fare at a down-home bbq joint , this meal was as classy as it gets -- i had a glass of wine to go with it . very classy place -- perfect for a date night or fun girls dinner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best date spot in phoenix . super cozy , great wine list , and service is excellent ! the manager brought us a complimentary sample of riesling which i usually do n't go for but it complimented the salmon dish so well ! thanks for being a great addition to phoenix !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good for dinner with friends and family . nice location . very big menu to choose from . i will recommend this place to anyone . got 4 stars because it takes longer to get food served", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wonderful ! the food was delicious and not overpriced . it 's small though , so make a reservation . brussels sprouts and beet crudo ravioli were stellar ! the mac and cheese was good , but not noteworthy . the star of the show though was the pork belly . outstanding !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brand new equipment . place is fresh , neat and clean . it 's a very quiet gym . you 'll never have to wait to use the machines . there are huge tvs but i 'm not sure if they 're working . they 're usually off . there 's no one at the door or reception . registration is online . you will be given an access code which you will use to enter the gym . so at night , you can literally be all by yourself . there are surveillance security cameras everywhere . there is parking inside the plaza too . there is also a macs convenience store in this plaza which is also open 24 7 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's new and relatively clean . a nice gym for someone who wants to do cardio and very little weight lifting . a word of caution , this location is very small , deceptively small . dumbells variety is not that great , they only have a flat bench press ( no incline ) , 1 smith machine , and very basic machines ( they 're really low quality , especially when compared to good brands like hammer strength and hoist ) . however , they do have 2 squat racks , i guess that was a plus . not a bad place for the price point , but generally , it 's not for someone who wants to bodybuild or for someone who wants to seriously lift or get a serious work out in .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "working at a nearby dealership , i had always heard a lot of good things about the food and folks at cafe de cadillac . our dealership started to order the food to be catered for our saturday work lunches . outstanding food ! fresh , fast , inexpensive and very tasty ! with that said , i have added it to my arsenal of week day lunch spots . i did n't know what to expect , but it is well placed within the service lane of cadillac of south charlotte ! there is also a small seating area . it may not seem like the ideal place to stop and order lunch in south charlotte , but those usually end of being the best places to get your grub on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite places to go for lunch . i 've had a lot of the stuff on the menu , the crab cake sandwich was off the chain ! the drinks they make are amazing . you can get a meal with a side and a drink for 8 bucks . also they change their menu a lot so you will have great selection . every friday they have bbq ribs and those are so good with the homemade sauce they use . you can have the chef text you the menu they have every day . if you work close by this would be the perfect place for lunch . i just wish they do n't close everyday at 2pm . also wish they open on the weekends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great hidden gem of a place . everything is made to order and the daily specials are only $ 6 including drink ! this place is actually inside of the service department of the dealership . there is seating available inside and out . the steakhouse burger is incredible .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "scottsdale pen is a fantastic store with a great selection . the owner , i ca n't remember his name , is extremely friendly and helpful . i feel very fortunate to have found scottsdale pen while in az on business . i am a fan of lamy fountain pens and there are no lamy dealers in utah ( where i live ) . while i was in the shop i purchased a new fountain pen , an ink well , adaptor and refills . the prices are very reasonable . i highly recommend this shop to anyone looking for a good , reliable fountain pen or any other kind of pen . the trip will be well worth your time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone runs into a poor experience now and then , and i guess we just did n't click as store and customer . ok , enough of the pen jokes . not appearing too concerned that the defective visconti traveling ink pot had leaked all over me and i did indeed walk around with blue fingers for days , the thing that irked me into a two star review is that the owner waited a week to contact visconti to get a replacement that apparently never came . when you charge someone msrp for one of these items , you tend to expect service if the unit is defective . i must be on another planet to expect this , so i wound up contacting the visconti distributor directly and have wound up spending an extra $ 20 for shipping outbound and return to planet phoenix . hey , my kon-peki blue fingers do n't look too bad , anyway ; it might even be good to scare the tsa folks as i check in tomorrow ; )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pens pens and more pens ! i came here looking for some ink for a fountain pen i recently purchased online . wow . i was n't expecting the incredible selection they had nor the friendly help i received . donald s says it best ... they have everything . definitely going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pricey without a doubt and admittedly the sort of place that not everyone will `` get , '' scottsdale pen company is a gem for those who fancy esoteric writing instruments - whether for functionality , or as an artistic statement . a beautiful collection that is extensive yet well culled and workers who are passionate and knowledgable these folks not only helped me find a mechanism i 'd been looking for in an old pen but also had ink available at a great price for another pen that i generally have to special order in any color but black . great stuff and a nice location for browsing after coffee at cartel i 'll certainly be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i asked if they had another item in the back because i did n't want to buy a used floor demo pen for a gift . the salesperson was very rude to me . gave me attitude as if i could n't afford any of their products . well it turned out the $ 400+ pen had barely any ink left . thank you scottsdale pen co for the most embarrassing gift experience !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i spent hours trying to find a good calligraphy fountain pen for my girlfriend online . after tiring myself out , i called scottsdale pen , and asked if they had fountain pens meant for calligraphy . i should have expected that they would , after all , they sell pens as their main product . when i got down there he already had calligraphy pen out and ready for me . it was the perfect pen for my girlfriend . she loved the gift , and was so surprised that i found the perfect calligraphy pen that she had been eyeing for a few months . ca n't beat that level of service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have purchased multiple pens , journals , and bottles cartridges of ink from jay at scottsdale pen company . it is my `` go to '' place because of the great selection and service . they are certainly complicit in helping my affinity to fine pens become a full blown addiction thanks to the wide variety of pens and price points that will meet everyone 's needs . : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after checking their website , i called the store to ask about a specific pen . jay , the storekeeper who answered my call , knew immediately of the pen to which i was inquiring , and was able to handle all my questions . once to the shop , jay assisted me with the pen , and was able to reassure me my choice was solid - then also informing me to warranties , refills and other incidentals regarding my new purchase . he was friendly , knowledgable , and even assisted me in easily finding the location of the store . a+ on customer service , and you can find a great pen here indifferent of your price range . loved the store and the service ! thanks ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super nice service in a fancy part of town and they do n't look at u like they do n't have time for you some of the merchandise is a bit expensive but your paying for quality", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my first `` real '' pen buying experience . i am not a pen connoisseur but after using a pen of quality from a colleague i decided to start looking for a `` higher end '' pen . with my 1st anniversary approaching trying to stick with the whole paper concept i asked for a quality pen . my wife and i went into the store and felt welcomed immediately . we told them our price range and what style of pen i prefer and we narrowed it down to a few . not once did we feel rushed or pressured to buy . when it was all said and done we walked out with a pen that suited me spending less than our budget . excellent customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection , good prices and a great owner . the best in the area for all fountain pen and related needs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just bought my first fountain pen . so what do i do within a month of owning it ? i bend the nib ! ! with my particular pen that 's a $ 70 replacement if you ca n't repair it . i got on the phone with jay and he gave me some great advice . i was able to repair the pen with him on the phone ! ! ! i will definitely be back for any supplies or advice i need int he future ! ! thanks jay ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bring your hubby here to pick out his own gift . done and done awesome service . the saleswoman had answers to our questions . my hubby was in geek heaven here ! ! ! purchased the multi pen of his dreams , and relieved me of having to find something to buy for him for his birthday . an all around win ! ! thanks so much to the knowledgeable staff helping him to get exactly what he was looking for . you made my gift giving season so much easier", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fountain pens can be entertaining and addicting . it is nice to have a local store that has all of the stuff you need under one roof . ink selection can become endless .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "exceptional service , unparalleled knowledge . great understanding of my needs and wants . personalized service , willing to educate and inform me . thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff was friendly , efficient and fast . restaurant looked clean from what i could see . our order was right and the food was good . of course i recommend this location . enjoy", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's in-n-out ... .simple menu , fresh food , and very tasty might i add . their fries are n't my favorite but their burgers and shakes definitely make up for it . i really do n't understand how the lines are always so long and take forever to go through . prices are n't ridiculous and the workers are pretty swell too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the flying dutchman @ in-n-out suns out , buns out , lets make this fun . it 's basically a double double , just minus the bun . i enjoy the dutchman , first name flying . i could eat 2 of these , without even trying . its become my go-to meal , as if you did n't know . it 's great if you 're on a diet , it 's no carbs , it 's keto . i want one now , make it two , please . that 's four patties , with four slices of cheese . what 's the price for one ? it 's less than three . that 's dirt cheap , it 's almost free . this location is busy , there 's line , there 's a wait . but here 's a positive , they stay open late . i ca n't wait for lunch , i may even get three . it 's great for protein , and dem gainz with a z .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i eat here at least once a week . i am lucky to have been eating in & ob my whole life while people who grew up here in vegas like my wife have not been . in & ob first expanded outside of california to las vegas in 1992 . kids today wont know what it was like to not have a in & ob as it should be ! the employees at this location are always friendly and my order is never wrong . depending on my appetite i will get a 3x3 or a 4x4 with chopped chilies . today it was a 3x3 with grilled onions and mustard and a side of fries . the inside and bathrooms are always clean . i 'm impressed that a place with such a limited menu can make a burger so many ways but in & ob manages like a champ .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not a meat eater but that does n't keep me from thick ass shake & hot fries . the few times i 've been here i 'm greeted respectfully . asked for my order by ma'am or miss . very well trained staff . quick with the orders . and have never had a wrong order . sooo clean . even the parking lot is clean . i 'm real big on clean . the windows and floor are cleaner then my house . this is just a well run joint .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum yum for my tum tum . on those days when a greasy burger will do and i can longer fathom the thought of washing dishes i can count on a quick delicious burger to satisfy the craving . the whole family can eat here for about $ 20 ! i remember having to drive to socal for an in-n-out burger , no longer the case with many of these places scattered all over vegas . animal style cheeseburger and a neopolitan milk shake for me please !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when i crave for a hamburger this is the joint ! you can get hamburger protein style if you do n't want all the carbs . i love it when they grill the onions but you have to specify it . this place is way better than 5 guys ( no offense , but true ) . the strawberry milkshake is very delicious as well and it 's at great loc by the freeway !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are always busy and there is at least 6 cars in drive-thru no matter what time of day it is , but it 's worth the wait ! indeed , their menu is limited but the burgers are really good . the beef patty is thick and juicy , the lettuce and tomatoes are fresh and never limp , and the in-and-out sauce completes the meal . keep in mind that you can personalize your burger , like protein style ( wrapped in lettuce instead of a bun ) or animal style ( extra spread with grilled onions on top ) . i always get a double double with cheese and animal style fries .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm sure you know in-n-out burger . in case you 're new here , they are a fantastic limited-menu old fashioned fast food burger joint . the burgers are of a much better quality than your average fast food . the fries are made right there on location using fresh potatoes . the milk shakes are made with real ice cream . the employees are super courteous , clean and efficient . it 's everything you could ask for in a fast food chain and then some . this location is right up there with the best of them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i havent eat a burger eversince i rmbr.. this totally out of my diet ... i told myself if im gona eat a burger again im goin to this place ... ..so here i come ! ! ! im excited to eat a burger with grilled onions and thier thousand island sauce is the best ... ..yayyyyy ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best fast food burger ... period ! it is worth the small wait for them to make your food so that it is fresh . the burgers are deliciously seasoned and the addition of raw onion makes them so delicious ! the milkshakes are also thick and tasty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't see the hype ! i 'd go to smash burger before in n out if i wanted a quick burger ! the cus service however is amazing , always accurate and speedy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service as always . staff here is always on point from friendliness to quickness . smooth transaction from register to eating . the burgers tasted amazing as always and the animal style fries were perfect this time . sometimes too much onion but always great . i asked an employee for a rag to wipe a dirty table . she asked what table and came and did it for me . things like that keep guests happy . keep it up you guys . you are doing awesome . if you are visiting this in and out is a must try : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast service and the burgers never disappoint . also the shakes are just indescribable , not too sweet but totally worth all the calories at the end", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'll never get tired of ino ! ! ordered with drive thru and sanja was in top of it.i know my order can be a mouthful to say , but she got it perfectly without asking me to repeat myself . just like the name , you can always expect to be in n out of this place ( minus the lunch rush ) and that 's exactly what happened . only reason why this was n't a 5 5 : - fries were soggy . i always ask for fries no salt so they make it fresh , but this was a bit disappointing ... . - no chopped chilies asked for them and sanja punched it in correctly but literally did n't find any chillies till the last bite . c ' mon , that 's just trying to ruin someone 's day : ( regardless , i 'll give location another shot . since it is closest to where i live . till next time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super packed and still pretty quick . do i really need to do a review of this ? try a normal double double and if you dont like it ... go somewhere else . you do n't need to be waisting my time by standing in line in front of me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's in-n-out . of course it 's gon na be delicious . can you ever really go wrong with one of these scrumptious hamburgers ? the service here is very good - fast , friendly , and efficient . however , i do n't know if it 's my imagination or what but the in-n-out 's in california seem to taste better . my go-to order at in-n-out is always a hamburger with grilled onions . although my burger was tasty today at this location , the bun was not toasted enough and the lettuce was a little too wet , which made the bun soggier . minor complaints , but enough to take a star away . but , the parking lot was big and the service was exceptionally faster than other places , so i 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "omg ... . here 's what you need to get : -4x4 -make it animal style -then go ahead and make it protein style -while you 're at it you 're at it you should get some fries and throw some animal style it 's way too ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really people it 's in n out burger do i really have to say anymore except . fresh and yummy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "far from the ca headquarters , this particular location tries but misses the mark of the usual standard . unattended bathrooms and a harried , albeit friendly staff do n't quite give the same great in-n-out experience , but you ca n't blame them for trying .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "in-n-out is the west cost king of burgers . cooked to order fresh and never frozen . i had the double double with grilled onion . if you do n't have alot of time on your hands come back another day because you will wait about 10-15 mins for this masterpiece", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i moved here from california and am glad in-n-out can be found in vegas as well . food is always delicious and staff is friendly . oh the shakes , they 're so good ! and the fries are the best fries in the world , they never get old . it 's a popular place though and is absolutely busy at lunch and dinner hours . even so the wait time is usually within an acceptable range , the staff definitely runs around working hard to get us on our way . do try to eat here since the food tends to get a little too cold for comfort if you get take out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've only had in-n-out burger a handful of times now since i did n't have it growing up nor do i have one close to where i live now . i get it anytime i can as i love this place too much . the menu is simple , yet fresh , affordable , and oh so good . this location is particular was extremely busy when i visited , but the staff was friendly and quick to keep the line moving and customers happy . my parents and i ordered the cheeseburger and fries combo . personally , i make my burger and fries animal style , so do yourself a favor and do the same . : ) yeah , it 's not the best burger i 've ever had , but for the quality and price , you ca n't beat this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in-n out rocks . what else can i say ? there is always , always a super duper long line here in the drive thru and sometimes you wait for 10 minutes and sometimes up to 30 . but you know that information going in . you always have to wait at in-n-out and that is because it is all made to order . at least the wait is not as long as fatburger . employees are nice and it 's a good location , you can drive in and out easily .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all i can fathom is hell no . i got two orders of fries . ( togo ) checked when i got home because i trusted them to not fuck up my food . odd totrust fast food i guess . both fries were incinerated . the smell that came from the bag when i opened it was horrendous . my grilled cheese was also burnt ! the cheese on it was hardly even there . the other burger was charred for 5 hours ( so it tasted like ) terrible . how dare you guys .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i go here for lunch occasionally because it 's relatively close . there 's really no other place to go at the time because everything in the area opens at 11 am . so , instead of waiting i go to in-n-out . of course you should know that the prices will always be relatively expensive , you pay about $ 6 a meal , i 'm not sure about just burgers . the food is good , do n't get me wrong , but it does n't stand up to other joints like five guys or even some burgers and standard fast food restaurants . a friend of mine found a hair in her fries , and in some instances the staff can be rude .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just waited close to 20 min in the drive through for a moderate sized line.. only to get cold food . the fries were dumped all over the bag and i was given one napkin . wo n't go back ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very yummy ! ! i always make a special trip so i can ear this food . 4 stars because it is n't fast ; average time ( they make it fresh ) is at least 15 min , at this location , from in the door to eating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great burgers and fries for affordable prices ! i 've tried other burgers but theirs are just awesome . fries are fresh and never too oily . best for drive thru for me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's like coming home . multiple cheesey burgery goodness plus a fancy t-shirt to boot . super friendly service accompanied by fresh burgers and fries . spot on every time . hence the reason a lot of burger chains copy their format for success . i heart in-n-out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my second choice for in-n-out just purely based on location.. the food is always fresh to order and accurate . my only thought for improvement would be the parking lot . the bottom line is there is not enough and the configuration is n't friendly to dine in , and more designed for the drive thru.. i will still frequent the drive thru at this location . but will stay away from dinning in..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything you 'd expect and you 've heard about in-n-out . outstanding staff who are very fast , friendly and attentive , my order is always right and the food is always outstanding . fresh beef patties and potatoes cut for your fries specific to your order . there 's always a long line , but they do a great job getting people in-n-out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i 've written for in-n-out before.. but not at this joint . so i came in around 11am looking for a snack hehe . more like early lunch . my friend had already decided upon her order , & the cash reg ' lady was quick on it . good . i love in-n-out . everybody & your future kids know that . what irks me this time.. the cash register lady was becoming impatient with me.. waiting for me to take my order in the most nicest way possible . it 's too bad i can read right through ya , sis . i mean , there 's no one else behind me , and you probably just started your shift , so can you give me a minute to order ? in-n-out = 4 stars . cash reg lady= no star .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the only place where waiting 10-15 minutes for fast good is worth it ! ! i 'd never heard of in n out till about 6 months ago and never understood why people where willing to wait so long for burger and fries . but after one visit i understood !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have n't eaten here then you must be a vegan or living under a rock . awesome food with great service..i love it ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time to this location . ordered two double doubles with everything doubled including the onions & lettuce . protein style . it was juicy in all the right spots & thevwait staff spot on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have a secret love affair with in-n-out . i converted my boyfriend , a loyal taco beller , to join me at in-n-out when we wanted a fast food fix . nothing is better . in-n-out also goes great with yogurtland ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time ever at an in and out burger . we do n't have them in the midwest . all of my friends said i had to try it . i 'm so glad i did . this was a great burger . what i miss for chicago pizza and italian beefs i definitely make up for in burgers here . i was delightfully surprised as to how good these little burgers and fries could be . i 'm kind of embarrassed to say i ate 2 double doubles by myself with a thing of fries and a vanilla shake . i was full to say the least and very happy . i will be heading back soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is great , but they 're really let the bathroom cleanliness be ignored at this location . graffiti in the bathrooms , not clean , and just an `` unkempt '' feeling come about you when visiting this location . i 'll still go here because i love in-n-out , but someone needs to get this location cleaned up .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food here . even when it 's packed , there 's always great , speedy service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally . they do n't have in & out burger ( yet ) in michigan . this was my first time . this is one of places that you hear people rave about all the time when talk of the best burgers comes up . pros : price . service ( 5 star ) . fries , thin and crisp . good burger . cons : no cons except it 's not the best burger ever . if i get another chance i 'll have to order animal style . 4.5 stars", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't eat meat , but i often stop for a neopolitan shake and fries . the staff is friendly , especially kira !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love in n out ! it 's one of my favorite spots . i try to come here only once or twice a month . i 'm not sure how healthy it is though but it 's soooo good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my first time at an in-n-out burger ! ! being an east coast guy , and ny in specific , i never saw any in-n-out , steak-n-shake , or any of those type of places . i was in vegas for a few days and had fatburger several times . then , while driving around killing time , i see in-n-out . the tales of this place are legendary ( up there with white castle ) , so it was a must that i stop by . the first thing i noticed was the insane line . i was determined to wait though , and shockingly it dissipated in about 3 minutes . next thing i see is the most basic menu i had ever seen : burgers hot dogs fries.. is that it ? i ordered a couple double cheeseburgers and fries , then jealously saw some people getting fries with sauces and cheese . that was n't on the menu but i guess if you go there frequently , you know .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worth the waiting in line for the delish fresh burgers & fries . animal sytle fries & protein sytle burger with extra grill onions are what i usually ordered", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ann arbor is pretty much one that consistent fast food joints that it 's the same wherever you go iv ate in austin texas , i i 've ate it in california and i ate las vegas . restaurants pretty clean people are nice and friendly and food comes just in time always a favorite for me being from the west coast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decent food for an amazing price . the customer service was good . my burger quickly became soggy which made me sad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the original menu ? the secret menu ? it really does not matter because these guys here will go to there utmost ability to get you the burger that you want and how you want it . i remember coming here after high school asking for a `` three patty , no cheese , grilled onions , protein style with french fries , but put some grilled onions on the fries . '' complicated , but they seem to know what is going on . i give a lot of credit to these folks for being able to put up with a bunch of high school kids who go to cimarron high school . i can only imagine the disaster that comes with teenagers , yet the service and friendliness is still to par .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "usually could eat in n out all day everyday but the last three times i 've been here the buns have been over toasted and burnt to the point i do n't want to eat it anymore .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow ! this place was crazy ! the food was great and the line moved really fast for how many people were in this little place at once . look up the secret menu before you go ! ask for free stickers if you try something off it . i had a burger combo with animal style fries . yes animal style ! animal style is this thousand island dressing with onions in it that they put over the fries and even on burgers i think . i did n't like it.. but the burger was really good ! do n't go in the bathrooms , it was a wreck in there and one was broken !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dude , really ? it 's in-n-out ... my favorite is the `` protein style '' double cheeseburger . which is ; instead of buns , they wrap the entire burger in a big leaf of lettuce.. i can eat this stuff everyday ! fries ? i like mine with cheese and grilled onions only and topped off with ketchup.. nom nom !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has to one of my all time favorite fast food spots hands down . the food is so fresh . double-double w grilled onions and animal fries..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i guess i had my hopes up after reading so much about it but ... did n't find it was anything special . it 's cheap so that 's good but the burger tasted to me like so many other chain burgers i 've had . maybe i hit it on an off day but ... i did n't get the hype . location was clean and service was fast !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the place if you want a delicious fast food burger ! i pity the constantly abandoned arby 's 20 yards away . that arby 's is all , `` dang , why are you so delicious in 'n ' out , with your simple , yet always deliciously diverse menu ? look at us , suffering and empty here . '' even the wait times are lower than in california at this location !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited while in vegas . daughter had checked out website and all the marketing and was eager to try as we do not have these in florida . we were all disappointed . average fast food burger , awful fries and shakes so thick you could n't use a straw .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been to a lot of in-n-outs , but this one was n't that good . it did n't taste like i remembered . i wanted to bring my hubby here for the first time but they screwed the orders up . i wanted our fries to be animal style and somehow it was rung up for the burger to be that way ... .. they did n't even animal style my burger ! i asked the guy and he said they 'd fix it for us despite the mistake ... which i 'm happy for . nothing will compare to the northern cali chains .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good as usual . we did n't think it would be as crowded as the one we went to in california since there 's so many in the las vegas area ... .wrong lol . ca n't blame the place for making a good burger ! ( :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a good burger , but nothing so special about it . it is just a very good home style burger .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "animal style fries , no spread , with extra extra grilled onions is my favorite . we often remark how fresh everything is - and how wonderful the staff members are ! this location is in a slightly sketchy area ... a lot of drive thru business but always enough seats for everyone inside . less wait time for me to get my order !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a fan forever of in n out . the burgers are always fresh and the fries are nothing but perfect ! ! ! when they are crowded there is someone outside to take your order before you reach the window . kudos for great customer service and awesome delicious food ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am impressed . this is the best in n out i 've ever been to ! there was initially some confusion with our order ( lots of amendments on our end ) and they get everything perfect . a+ for you . also , my bun was perfectly grilled on the inside . fries were crisper than i 've had most places including other in n outs . service was super fast and friendly as in n out always is . i did find it a little odd that they had an employee taking orders at the drive thru . usually they only do that when it 's really busy , and it definitely was n't . ( it was around 2:30 on a sunday ) . they could move around their parking lot signage to make things a little clearer , but other than that , this was great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good ! especially the shakes and fries ! burgers are good too and love how they make it to order but only one problem which is really not a problem is they are always so busy ! ! ! ! yummy for the tummy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "on a recent trip to vegas and desperate for a quick bite while out on a shopping day we stopped for the old standby ... ... burgers and fries at in-n-out . you can surely find a better burger if you 're willing to sit down and shell out $ 12 - $ 15 . but bang for the buck ... .i 'd come here way before i 'd drive through one of the traditional fast food chains . enjoy !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been to this location many times . the staff is always fast no matter how busy they are . always a short wait time after you order . getting a seat is a different story because they 're always so busy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love in n out but coincidentally in n out does not love me back . i 'll keep this short and sweet . the staff is awesome they 're all very friendly especially when it 's busy and the line moves at a decent pace but the last 3 times i 've eaten here over the course of 5 months i 've gotten food poisoning every time . last night was the worst . projectile vomiting my 3x3 protein style . chills . and heart burn to top it off . maybe in the rush they are n't cooking the meat all the way ? not sure . but i ca n't let myself eat here again . sorry in n out . love ya anyway tho", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went on sunday at 2 . the sign says they 're open , yet the doors were locked . dissapointing !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "out of convenience as i live nearby , i went on sunday at 2:30 . the sign says their open , yet the doors were locked . other people were trying to come here too ! you want a great vape shop , try one 2 vapor , its worth the drive ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "to be honest , i found this place `` unimpressive '' . it seems to be a `` skater '' place . the young man behind the counter seemed to be rebuilding a friends unit and did n't want to see me . when he did help , he and his friend started making off color jokes , making me a little hot under the collar . think i 'm gon na be passing on this store .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "! ! ! ! buyers beware ! ! ! ! ! ! very low quality product . high prices bought vaportech dabster quartz coil lasted 3 days . battery went out 2 weeks later . will not hold charge .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great prices ... knowledgeable staff ... best ejuice in vegas . the owner is a nice guy who goes the extra mile to make his customers happy . highly reccomend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best shop in vegas hands down brandon and paulo are the most laid back knowledgeable guys . they carry everything from starter kits up to mech mods and vv vw there juice section is bomb ! one love eerrieee mon", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here with some friends who were wanting some new juices . i do n't have a vapor myself but i do occasionally vape . we walked and and was immediately greeted . me beginning the only one without a vaporizer he was trying to talk me into it and i played along a bit and asked some questions while my friends were checking out the menu . he was very knowledgeable about everything and he was quick to let us try all the flavors and tell us his favorites and his not so favorites . there was a lot of money spent there that day , and it was so nice of him to offer us free sodas and water before we had to go back out in the blazing heat that is las vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the shop was cool , the guys are very cool it has it all but unfortunately missing one thing ... the juices were good on first 2-3 hits but later it got so bad i had to go elsewhere to get different ones , sorry guys you got ta good thing going , you know how to talk to people but you got ta get some higher quality juices", "score": "3"}
{"review": "better prices anywhere in town on vapes crazy cheap come b4 they 're all gone ! the s1000 is 94 bucks at my regular hookah place and it 's only 60 bucks here . i think that pretty much sums their prices up . crap load of flavors as well . guy even re wrapped my coils and wick for free . did it in 2 minutes . super rad", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was awesome . the staff was helpful , suggestive , knowledgeable , and had a great attitude . i live close and this is my new vape shop . the selection of starter kits , and accessories was extensive and thier variety of fluid is outrageous . pricing was great too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good selection of e-juices . this place screams laid back and relaxed , it maybe due to the hydroponics store next door , just saying . i did n't price check on mods or accessories but they seemed to have a solid selection and were helpful when it came to tasting a couple of different juices . ended up leaving with 2-15 ml bottles of ry4 at 6 mg. we forgot to order ahead of time from our usual store in texas and were only left with 0 nicotine at home which made john hulk angry . the 30 ml of juice will get him through until our order from texas arrives . it is nice to have a local vape store 10 minutes away with a good selection of juices and a comfy couch for trying them out . overall the place is clean , friendly and has a good number of supplies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one love is the best vape store i 've been to the staff there is cool as hell and their prices are not too bad at all", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm from new york and i did n't wan na get ripped off looking for vapes in los vegas so i went to a few and this one was the spot . paulo was extremely helpful and has a huge variety of flavors and vapes . he had two of the cutest and nicest dogs i 've ever seen who greeted me at the door . he was n't forceful at all and i felt like he cared about what i vaped . i 'd deff go again and i recommend this store to any one who wants to be taking care off .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great shop . lots of selection ! we try new juices but always go back to wino and sugar drizzle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was up in the north end and needed some vape juice . lucky i found this spot with top shelf vape juice and solid pricing . the owner is really cool as well , i will for sure make it back again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lush vapors are great but super low in vg so very thin", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent selection of hardware . nice , clean , bright shop . the fellow who helped me out was knowledgeable and very pleasant . i needed an emergency battery , so that 's all i purchased here but i 'll be back to check out what else they have to offer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only have been here once , just went in to get a couple of parts for my vape , the dude there was really helpful and chill , nothing but good vibes . i got some new oil , i could n't choose so he recommended their top seller . i 'm really happy with it and it 's a decent price . the guy even offered to let me try it . i 'll definitely being going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best place to satisfy all your vaping needs , 2 great guys with just about all the knowledge you need to start .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not very impressed at all ... i stopped by a few times when they are supposed to be open , but they were closed.. also their house juices are horrible.. i 'm not sure about their other branded juices , but i 'm not even going to go back to try them ... i did find a great shop though.. red rock vapors..they have the best hands down juice with great prices..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "with all the vapor shops popping up around town , i have had occasion to visit most . one love is my favorite . the guys are knowledgeable , friendly and helpful and their prices are the best in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the fact there has n't been a reality tv show set in a retirement home is a crime . i visit my grandma because i love her , but the stories i get in return are an amazing bonus . canterbury is a great place for a loved one . the place is clean , staff friendly and the apartments rooms a very nice size . i do n't think it 's anyone 's dream to live in a retirement home , but i 'm glad my grandma has a comfortable place to call home , and an endless amount of gossip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had double bypass surgery on the 27th of february . brought here to this rehabilitation center . most of the nurses here , has no compassion . the physical therapy personnel love playing semantics . they 'll also come in your room and go through your things . i told her i left the breathing machine at shadyside hospital . she taken it upon herself to come to my room , and go through my property looking for it . deep place . felt like i was a prisoner . more than a patient ! moreover , expect for this facility , to push you out , when you 're nowhere close to recovery . you 've been warned .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband recently had a colonoscopy here ( lucky guy ! ) and everyone was super nice , that procedure was on time and went as planned . in terms of visual aesthetics , st. joseph 's is a pretty blech hospital . everything feels dated and a bit dirty . i 'm sure it 's technically sterile , but it 's just not great . i was spoiled last year giving birth at mt . sinai , so i think my hospital expectations are just sky high now . bonus points for the gift shop has flowers , balloons and stuffed toys for embarrassing loved ones .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my mom was in icu a long time ago here and was treated very poorly by one of the nurses whom i ca n't remember the name of . to this day , at least 8 years since , i am scarred for life when it comes to visiting hospitals .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just waited an hour for my ultrasound . they told me 3pm , i showed up at 2.30pm to get all the paperwork out of the way ( and it always takes half an hour , because i have to go to reception to get one batch of paperwork , then go upstairs to patient accounts , then back to the reception , only then do i get sent in to wait for my ultrasound ) . i was ready and waiting at 3pm ; they finally called me in at 3.55pm . the technician rushed through my scan , and then could n't even give me any photos of the baby to take home because she could n't get the disc drive to work . eh . i know it 's a hospital and it 's not all about customer service , but really , an hour wait , after i showed up on time ? add in the commute out to roncy , and it took methree hours yesterday to get a ten minute scan . that is ridiculous !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm not a fan of this hospital personally . i went for a client visit and he was moved to their new wing - our lady of mercy - or as the staff refer to the olm wing . the easiest way to get to it is to leave the main hospital and walk allllllllllllllll the way around . if you try going through the old hospital to the new hospital you will get lost !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hospitals like st. joseph 's are funny : even if you 're treated well , you do n't want to come back anytime soon . or ever , really . but from my occasional experiences there , st. joseph 's is pretty good . it 's clean and modern , and they 're adding a huge new expansion after tearing down part of the old hospital . they still give out the same goofy little blue plastic patient cards that they did when i was a kid , though . i was just here with my mom after she fractured her kneecap . i was actually a bit surprised how quickly everything got done . the only delay came in processing the credit card to pay for the $ 20 crutches , of all things .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went there for something very simple , waited 6 hours . watched the nurses and interns gossip about their lives while people were screaming in pain . overall , the place looks filthy , unkempt , and dreary . the floor is chipping , the paint is peeling on the walls , and the nurses and some of the doctors are completely clueless . will never go here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff is really quite nice . since the front has been renovated it looks and feels modern . but , once you go upstairs to the rooms , a feeling of nostalgia takes over . it 's oddly comfortable . regardless of all that , i visited the hospital because my mother-in-law was in to have her kidney removed and she was treated really well . the doctors kept her posted on how she was doing and the nurses came whenever they were needed . as for the patients , as it has been mentioned by others , it really is teaming with ukrainians , slovakians and poles . it was really interesting to see . regardless , it is a well run hospital that should be top-of mind , if ever needed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "two reasons the place gets 5 stars 1- my daughter was born here 2- the staff in the natal centre was amazing . beyond that , you have to walk through the emerge to get to your ar from the natal wing when it 's after hours and on a sat night early sunday morning it 's pretty wild to say the least . in the natal wing they also ave a great lounge for new parents to relax watch tv and keep there lunches.. funny story , due to the location of the hospital you get a lot of hipsters here and one early morning after my daughter was born i feel asleep watching `` best of pride fc bloodiest ufc fights '' . i woke up watching shogun rua stomping his opponent and some skinny pants hippy tried to change the channel . sorry buddy , not happening . sit back , grow a sac and watch some head stomps !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great hospital , and amazing staff . i really appreciated all that the nurses did while i was in the hospital . you can tell that everyone who worked there enjoyed there jobs . i had a great surgeon as well . overall great experience ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "emergency and triage staff were great , even when my injury was minor they fit me in and got it done .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was treated very well in the emergency department . it was busy but all my tests were fast and efficient , they were all very knowledgable staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my experience with st. joseph 's . the doctors are top-notch and thorough ! the nursing teams are well-managed and courteous . i got real good service once during my stay.. once with an outpatient incident . ..i noticed there are too many non-smoking sites at the front and i inquired ( even though i 'm a non-smoker ) , about there being more side door-like spots for designated areas ; they were very courteous listeners . and their cafeteria is phenominal . nuff said .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish to express how very grateful i am for the care i received at this hospital . i had surgery and everyone i encountered during my stay and for my care were amazing . my surgeon and his team supported me all throughout my surgery and hospital seven day stay . each person i encountered was capable , respectful and compassionate . i consider myself extremely lucky to have received care here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "david is fantatic ! he 's also the owner of the business . he gave a very small window ( 1 hour ) of when he would arrive and he arrived right at the beginning of the time frame . i love not having my time wasted . it was a simple change of the circuit breaker but he went above and beyond ensuring the outlet was adequate as well and did n't try to upsell me on anything , but did give overall good advice on simple steps i can take to prevent future visits . the price was very reasonable too ! i 'll definately be using him for future electric needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have worked with dh & b for a while now and have always been pleased with their service . dave is an outstanding guy and truly cares about his customers . their pricing is very fair and their service is top notch . there are a lot of electrical contractors out there , but few of them take customer service seriously . the guys at dh & b always do a good job and are very kind and respectful . if you are looking for some electrical remodel work or wanting to hang a ceiling fan or whatever , i would suggest you give this company a call .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred to this company by rocky mountain restoration . i think the guy i spoke with is named dave , cant remember now , but he was super helpful ! i am needing some electrical work done for a remodel we are doing and was just trying to find someone to call me back . these guys not only called me back but came out right away to give me a quote . i have been very impressed with this company and would highly recommend to others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "4 new led can lights in my vaulted ceiling with a dimmer switch because man these things are bright . keep up the great work dh & b !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had dave 's crew come out to put in an outlet for me outside for some string lights i '' m going to hang ... not only did they do it correctly , quickly and for a fair price , they also put in another outlet for me for free - so i have it , and i did n't have to drywall anything ! thanks taj !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service from my initial inquiry to the reasonable quote to the service call to the installation of 5 new smoke detectors . michelle was great taking my request and processing the service call . and , sherman was knowledgeable , courteous and professional - quote to installation . you ca n't go wrong with dh and b electric . i 'll definitely call them for my next electrical project needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we needed outdoor lighting and this company came out and handled it with perfection . quality service and great prices . my wife was thrilled and i was the hero for it . backyard looks great and i know i have a great local company i can count on for all of our electrical needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed several ceiling fans installed and my dryer hooked up after i moved in april . i called dh and b because they are local , and i like hiring local . they came at the time promised , and quickly finished the work . they assembled and installed the ceiling fans i had purchased , and moved another fan from one room to another . the fans were not wired right before they came , but the electrician from dh & b corrected that and the fans now work like they should . their prices were very reasonable , and i have since recommended them to my friends when they needed electrical work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unfortunately my review can not include any opinion of their service ... .because they never showed up . i called on a tuesday and set an appointment with them to come by on friday between 9 and 10am to repair a ceiling fan . at 10:15 when nobody had showed , i called them to see if they were coming . i had to leave a message . well , nobody ever showed and i never even received a call back . maybe the job was too small for them . total waste of time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they are amazing ! ! ! if you live in mesa area -- recommend this company for any electrician needs . had them install 2 ceiling fans . very affordable and knowledgeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the absolute worst experience from the perspective of being the renter of one of their properties . - from the beginning of our association , mr. vidrine and his associates ignored our phone calls and emails . - despite the contract we signed , the property was not reviewed for as-is-damage ; not within the stated 30 days of our move-in or ever . - we emaild a list of the issues we found and received no direct response . - when we moved into the house in november , 2013 , we discovered that the air conditioner was missing . we telephoned the property management office immediately , but it was n't replaced until june , 2014 . - we 've been relying on them to rent the property since the end of august , 2014 and they have yet to do so . as of 10 29 2104 , the property is n't even listed as available on their website .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i can not believe how unprofessional this `` property management '' firm conducts themselves . they have absolutely no idea of what is going on with properties from one issue to the next . they act as if they have multiple maintenance firms that conduct repairs , do not and are not familiar with property issues , are not available to reach by phone , have not returned security deposit ... .. i rented a `` foreclosure '' property in horrible shape noting problems , thank goodness , prior to move in . impossible to reach to get things done and most important , robbing people of deposits seems to be the norm . so glad to hear that property owners are pleased with their service . if you are a renter ... .stay clear of this place . the lack of professionalism and in hindsight , the way they manipulate documents and request security is absolutely scandalous !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if only someone worked here to call you back ! days later a text or email that does not address the question is all you get . lease due to start but the home still has not been cleaned ! this was an issue during the showing . i was assured there was a professional crew that would clean before i moved in . i liked the home and could see past the dirt and food knowing it was going to be professionally cleaned . i 'm grossed out and furious that the house still is n't clean . now i 'm trying to get the property manager to respond to me ... ..still nothing . does anyone work there ? ? ? i could have made arrangements to have the house cleaned before i arrived if i knew they were not cleaning it . it 's a hotel for me tonight ( yes , it 's that bad )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used turn key property solutions and ron to both buy & sell my house . they did an excellent job and were very professional throughout the whole process . i recently needed to sell my house quick , because i was moving out of state and i had offers on the first day and closed on the house with perfect timing . professional and highly recommended . they will walk you through each step of your venture .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ron stoker and his team at turn key solutions managed my property for over 2 years , when i moved from las vegas to new york . ron and his associates were stellar in their oversight of my house . he secured a tenant literally the day after i moved out of my residence . there were several issues that came about while i was away , including the ac condenser having mechanical problems , the washer and dryer units working improperly and various hoa violations ; all of which were responded to immediately and resolved quickly . ron 's integrity and thorough property management practices enabled me to relax , knowing my property and interests were well taken care of . i highly recommend ron and his team for your property management and realty needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely stay away from this company ! ! ! we are now 2 months into our lease . have well documented issues with the property and have requested repairs countless times ... .zero response except `` were not responsible '' . we have windows screwed shut . housing code violation and they 've ignored us over and over . broken garage door opener for over a month and they wanted us to pay for a maintenance call even though it was broken when we moved in and documented it on our walk through report . that 's just for starters ... when we contacted the company president , his response was to ask that he be removed from the emails ! ! ! ! i have never seen a company care less about their paying customers . we were supposed to receive a $ 100 rent credit april-aug ... now in june they 're asking for full rent even though our signed contract says different . stay away from turnkey saticoy bay at all cost ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is by far the worst service ever . these people will take all your money and do nothing to the property . we moved into a house on 1745 mt hood . this house has a leak from the master shower that runs to the downstairs that we reported . never got fixed . they want you to pay for everything like it 's your house . they are crooks ! we gave them 1800.00 dollars for deposit and they said we owe them 466.00 they racked up fake prices to not give me my deposit . i will be taking them to court . they do n't want to fix anything at all . i left the house just the way i found it ! and there charging me for items that was damage before i moved in . all they do is just collect rent . do n't give them a deposit or sign a lease until you have a lawyer look at it or read it line for line . renter beware .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "let me say , i was really excited about renting til i did some research on this company ! scumbags ! thank you for the headsup from all the individuals who shared their struggles .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "having management my own properties in the past , i realize it is much harder than it seems . i have used turn key property solutions for 4 years . they have done a great job and i would recommend them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "here at upright garage door services ... we feel very fortunate to be a vendor for turnkey prop solutions..we work for many property managements and have come to realize they are n't all alike ... turnkey has a friendly , sincere , approach to all their tennant 's and a respect for the homeowners when working to provide the best results for all concerned..we treasure our business relationship with them and would highly recommend them to any homeowner looking for a management company to take care of their property or to anyone shopping to find a nice rental to make their home ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yeah , it 's a target , but wow ! i have never seen so much liquor on the shelf in a target store . beer , wine , hard liquor . really ? clearly the alcohol laws are different here and i do n't even really drink . too bad . it 's not a super target , but it 's big enough to pick up a few necessities and nice an dclose to the hotels . they carry the basics , have a small produce section and frozen , fast items . self check outs always a plus !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i avoid target , for the reasons i love this store . to be more clear , it is a known fact that one comes into target to buy a single item , then leaves with like 10 items . for this reason , i try really hard not to go to target . i buy everything . totally agree with other reviewers when they say how great it is to come by and look at all the clearance sections . when you see a great deal on something pretty cool , why would you not buy it ? while i 'm at target , i have to look at everything . do i need everything ? no . maybe ? well , this target has everything . it 's usually pretty quiet on weekdays , and i appreciate that . i 'm sure that can by said of many target 's but this one is close to where i live and that 's pretty important .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i agree with the other reviewers . worst target ever . and yes , i am a target connoisseur . this store is always crazy busy , you always feel like you are going to get run over in the parking lot , employees are rude , slow and unhelpful . the layout of this store if funky , too .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i think we can all agree we have a target addiction problem . i had to write this because i 've had really stellar customer service experience at this location . returns are always a breeze , i can call ahead and ask for assistance locating furniture items in advance . i even had a guy on the phone in the toy section help me shop ( and recommended items ) for my nerf gun needs , the day i planned a surprise ambush with friends on my husband-at an empty house we just bought . all around really great . also a tip for those with an occasional sweet tooth , tinkleberry cupcakes are sold individually in the produce section .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "better than the rest in terms of service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this target is my go-to for everything and anything i need . i love it because i know where to find anything my heart desires , but i have to admit that it has since aged . it 's not shiny and new like some other targets . because this target is mostly visited by suburban moms , it 's incredibly well organized . in comparison to the target on university ave that 's closer to downtown which always has clothes on the ground and shelves all mixed around , you will see that this is the far superior target . there 's a small eating area with the classic target options like the icee and hotdog , as well as a starbucks . also has a target optical which i have n't gone to since they changed doctors , but it has always been a good experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice target . not sure on the bad reviews . i thought it was easy to get around and find what i needed . i grocery shop here weekly and i have had pretty good service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my go to target mostly because it is very close to my house and i am here way too often . staff is usually pretty friendly including cashiers and the employees at the service counter for returns . they are usually very fast and seem to know what they are doing . the only this is they never have enough cashiers going and you tend to wait in long lines at this location . also their self checkout is awful . i do n't think i 've ever used and not had to flag down the employee , who is sometimes there or sometimes you have to wait forever for someone . example : if you use coupons you do n't just slide the coupons into the slot like at other grocery store self checkouts , you need an employee to type in several codes , and you can wait a while for those codes . i usually avoid self checkout if i can but end up waiting in line a while . other than that this is your run of the mill target .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a review for the cvs pharmacy in this location . i am a self payer so shop for best prices on my medication . cheryl helped me with on line sites and coupons allowing me to secure by far the best price i had seen ! shout out , kudos and thanks to cheryl ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i were driving by and decided that we needed to pick up a couple things on our way to verona and it was a pleasant experience . as far as targets go , it was a good store . we were asked if we needed help with anything and all of the customer service associates were really nice , on par with most target 's that i 've been to . all in all , this was a good target store that i would feel comfortable with stopping at again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "target stores overall are definitely my favorite big-box stores to visit . they do n't always have the lowest price on items compared to other stores , but they are usually quite reasonable . i have had both good and bad experiences at this store , which i typically visit at least once per week . most of the time i have no trouble with this store and have had good interactions with most of its employees . however , when i tried to buy a new tv they brought the wrong one out of the stock room . unfortunately , i did not realize until i was pulling my car up to the store that i had been given and purchased the wrong one , and i had to go through a bit of a hassle to get the correct one .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have issues more frequently than not at this specific target location . they are usually understaffed and the staff that is available is n't very customer friendly . i have gotten to the point that even though the location is more convenient for me , i will opt to shop at another target , or other stores in the area . i usually love target , but this location is awful !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this target has always been a bit awkward ( even when it was , for a time , known as `` target greatland '' ) . the layout is different to any other location i 've ever been in and i just find getting around difficult . apart from that , the product selection is good and it 's even got an extended grocery range . so , great stuff , but weird to get around .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love target - i do n't have to think about if they have it , chances are they have . also their prices are affordable", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you know what you are getting when you go to a target . you expect quality merchandise at a moderate price . this target has that . this target also had terrible service . i like target , but not this one . this morning i purchased a dvd that was in a locked security case . i stood at the counter for seven minutes while the clerk paged the manager on duty to unlock it . the manager never came so i lost patience and returned it . this store also never had express lanes open so you always will wait in line . i do n't mind paying higher prices if it comes with better service . i 'd pass on this target and go to costco , sams , or walgreens all within a 5 minute drive", "score": "2"}
{"review": "these guys are great as far as a chain store goes ( no pun intended ... ok , maybe a bit ) . i 've been in here a few times to shop for some basic bikes stuff for road biking or commuting . usually within the first 30 seconds or so someone will say hi and ask if i need any help . i do n't like talking to people when i shop ( obviously i need to work on this issue , but we 'll save that for my journal ) , but it 's always a good sign of customer service when they acknowledge every customer possible . i 've bought a few small things here for my biking needs and they 've always been helpful in helping me figure out the best options .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i only went in to buy a pair of cycling gloves , but after hanging around at the till point for five minutes trying to gain attention in order to pay for them , i decided that i probably wo n't be back here again . i think this place is a chain . why would i hang around waiting for someone to bother to accept my cash , when i can go to a great independent ( there is a good number of them in the city ) , get excellent customer service and a good deal ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not so fun bike shop , its big in space but dont have that much to choose from . and pretty boring brands . webb shop has bad customer service . in edinburgh look at ronde bike outfitters or alpine bike shop as alterntive .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "as an avid cyclister i try to generally use lbs ( locally owned bike shops ) who are generally amazing and helpful . but they do n't tend to stock a huge amount of things that are a bit more random . evans is a great one for those pieces of kit you need right now ( or maybe tomorrow ) at near internet prices . in store they 'll also price match pretty much anything with wiggle . recommend just saying that you saw it cheaper online and they 'll check for you . staff generally know their stuff to a limited degree . probably would n't get my bike serviced here though . their sales can sometimes be absolutely brilliant and it 's a great place to purchase a bike from if you 're on cycle to work want to try some different styles .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "reasonable chain of bike shops but lack any atmosphere for full on bike geeks , they do have good range of stock but the customer service can range from quite good : - ) ( i 'll mention grace here cause she is helpful and knowledgable ) to slow : - to ignorance of the products : - ( . handy location in town but prefer the bike coop myself .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "apparently perkins is a fairly popular chain restaurant in the midwest , but i just went for the first time this weekend . my friend and i were famished after landing in cleveland and perkins was the first restaurant we saw on our drive to youngstown . my friend had been there before and said it was decent so we stopped for a bite to eat . we each got a bowl of chicken noodle soup and shared some fried santa fe appetizer . it was n't anything special and reminded me a lot of friday 's , but it hit the spot . my friend did comment that they had amazing muffins as well , but i did n't try them .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok , best service ever ! at 10 pm on a sunday with nothing else to eat besides taco bell , it was nice to sit down and be taken care of . cheap and easy , just how i like it . it 's perkins ... you get what you pay for , but we had great service in ohio , so there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our visit was nothing short of terrible . my eggs benedict came out cold , so i sent it back . when i got a new plate , it was still cold - a feat i thought was impossible . my boyfriend 's meal did n't come out with the rest of the table 's food . they decided to give us 20 % off ( two whole dollars ) . when the manager asked us how our experience was when we went up to pay , we told her . and she proceeded to ignore us . not sure i have anything good to say about this place . i guess the tea was alright .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really appreciate something that never changes . perkins has been the same since i was in high school . i would ditch class with my girlfriend and we 'd come and drink coffee and split the appetizer sampler or the chicken fingers melt . in fact , the only thing that has changed is that there is no longer a smoking section in the back . breakfast is good- french toast and bacon , eggs benedict , build your own omelets- actually typing about it is making me long for it tremendously . the appetizer sampler is still a compellation of tasty fried nonsense , but it is satisfying . i like the idea that you can order an entire pie and eat it at the table . i 've never done so , but i have seen it done . the only word to describe the service is : fine . i believe they 're still open 24 hours , and i 'm noticing that i must have an affiliation for that characteristic . good food any time , as long as you realize that you 're eating at a denny 's in disguise .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the menu . staffing is poor . wife and i went in at 10:00am for breakfast . lobby had 12 people ( 6 were checking out,1 person being cashier hostess . ) that left 6 to be seated . the manager told to hostess to `` block doors '' . i asked and they told the patrons waiting it would be a 20 min . wait . keep in mind that had about 10-15 empty tables . this place never has enough staff . food good staffing horrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "perkins omelettes look exactly like they do in the picture on the menu -- like plastic . they actually taste pretty good ( not great ) , but the entire manufactured notion of the food preparation at this chain creeps me out , and makes me wonder how processed their ingredients are . the food is average , and it 's a great place to go if you 're searching for a 24-hour spot . the prices seem a bit high for diner fare , perhaps in part because they include extras like muffins or toast with their meals . the service is good and it 's clean , but nothing special .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great breakfast with fantastic service , try the sunrise burger . the coffee is fresh and hot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well , it is perkins so the breakfast fair is pretty standard . my boyfriend and i were in town only to catch a flight at the airport since hurricane sandy cancelled our flight out of philly . we waited about 10 minutes to be seated . but after that things were fine . i got the pumpkin pancake breakfast which was good . my boyfriend got the southern friend chicken and biscuits with gravy and they were good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we had been coming here for a while and it 's been getting progressively worse , but this most recent visit probably put us off this perkins in middleburg heights for good . food was terrible . eggs were cold , biscuits were too chewy and slightly stale . service was even worse . it took forever to get a hostess to seat us , forever to get our order taken , forever to get our food , and even longer to get our check . hardly an apology from this cranky wait staff .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service good , people extremely nice , , food is ok . the menu options are extremely limited ; about 1 3 of the choices you would have at denny 's or ihop . the portions are generous , and are served in a timely fashion . if you are on a diet and want to lose weight , go to their restrooms before you order . your appetite is guaranteed to disappear ; the stink is painfully evident even in the hall outside the restrooms , and is absolutely disgusting . probably wo n't return . hope they expand their menu , and clean the restrooms .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ca n't stress how disappointing my visit was to this location . in the past i lived in buffalo and visited the perkins in williamsville many times and always got solid food . today the server messed up our order so many times that we actually started laughing at each additional error . each noted error had to be repeated until it was right : the wrong salad was brought out and the next one had the wrong dressing . the server caught that a side was missing then forgot to get it . she kept apologizing and we kept smiling . a comedy of errors culminating in a meh and cold club sandwich . a lot of factors can lead to distracted workers so we did n't take it personally . however too many errors to go back given the available choices in the area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "staff is very friendly , other than that , they really need to clean . it smells like mildew musty , in the whole place . floors old carpet are visibly dirty . the bathrooms are dirty as well , no tp . portions are small and not well cooked , definitely not worth the price - for breakfast anyway . too bad , it used to be a good place to go for breakfast .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was just there this morning . i asked them if they had wifi because i had some work to do and they said yes , they had free wifi . after i ordered , i opened up my laptop and decided to get connected but it was not working . the nice server said that they would need to reboot it . 10 minutes later , nothing yet . the server said it takes a while for the system to reboot . 20 minutes later , no internet and no work done . do not come here if you are looking for a wifi connection . the food was so-so ... i ordered my eggs over medium and they came runny . other than that , the server was very nice !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the service is always great . the food is always good . the menu is loaded and varied . the deserts are fantastic . the wife and i go here often and have never been disappointed . one of our favorite places .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "5:30pm on wednesday , may 10 the food was plentiful , good and reasonably priced . service just ok . the bathrooms smelled like urine , the floor was sticky and looked like it had n't been mopped in a month . after i mentioned it to our server , nothing was done about it . there also seemed to be a sewer gas issue in the foyer . how unfortunate . i had gone to the perkins on tiedemann and had the same understaffed experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was great and came out quick . the smasher was very cheesy . service was friendly and pretty good coffee also .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very over priced got pancakes bacon drink and my friend got small breckfest price was 30.00 before tip 35.00 after", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this perkins by far has the best hashbrowns . the staff is always friendly to us no matter what time we show up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "on the road back from chicago we pulled off the highway for a place to eat . not a lot of options so we ventured into perkins . basic food - not very exciting especially after the places we dined in while in chicago . well it looks like vacation is over .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love the fact that this place is 24 7 , there 's not many places to get anything to eat late at night . also they have pie , so that 's always a good thing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the boys and i went here , and we had really good food , and the service was good , with the exception of the side dishes they totally forget to bring . its a good place , but its a little slow too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not my favorite place to eat . food is frozen and microwaved as expected . if it 's late and you have been having fun ? why not . but definitely not somewhere i 'd pick over anything else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no stars this place is gross , dark and i 'd never eat there . i went inside once , last year . i did n't even want to sit but i figured i would give it a shot . the place just looked dark and gloomy so when we got to the table it was sticky and there is a odor in the place . no way i could eat food there . i ca n't wait for the good perkins in brooklyn to reopen !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "perkins is not our typical stop ... however my boyfriend has been begging me for months for perkins potato pancakes and tonight i gave in ... i 'm so happy i did . our server judy was hands down the best server we have ever had ! she has been with the company since i believe she said 1987 which would explain the incredible service ! thanks judy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "manager should be fired , fired , fired . staffing is horrible . my family and i came in at 1030 at night after a long day at the icu visiting a sick relative . there were probably 10-15 people in the restaurant . the couple in front of me were able to get get a seat however , when she came back to seat us , the hostess told us we had to wait 20 minutes to be seated because they only had one server . i said there was no way i can wait around with a tired , cranky , and hungry 3 year old . it did not help . how about hiring some more folks ? ? ? anyway , that was enough to keep me away forever . on a positive note , they do give a military discount . they get the 2 stars for that .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the staff here are god awful . i have stopped into this location 3 or 4 times ( mostly because there is ample parking and winners in the same big box mall ) . each time - seriously - each time - the staff have been rude . the top two were : 1 . when they mocked what i ordered . really ? ! i jwanted a pike coffee . the barista made a comment about how i was n't ordering anything more fancy and rolled his eyes when i said that was all i wanted . 2 . the other time , they were somewhat busy ( aka more than 2 people for this location ) , and they took my name for my latte order . the girl asked me how i spelled my name . when i told her and she mispronounced it , and i corrected her , she gave me flack for the way it is spelled and pronounced . i really , really do not like the service here . just horrid . go to the second cup down the street or make instant coffee instead . yes , its that bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this starbucks looked closed from the outside on a saturday evening ! the barista was nice enough and did n't blink when i order the bold of the day . i really do n't like drinking the espresso based drink at starbucks ! the music here was soft and nice , the armchairs were fluffy and comfy ... .. wifi working perfectly ! and i took a power nap over my cafe verona ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . zzzzzzzzzz", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice for a quick stop and not nearly as busy than the one by best buy . nice staff , peaceful environment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a very relaxed location to spend saturday morning . great lighting , spacious , clean , and friendly service . nothing better than a nice cuppa in an easy environment to start the weekend . easy breezey . : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "an awesome place to bha in toronto . what 's bha you ask ? beer , hockey , and apologize ... it 's the canadian gtl . why is it a great place to bha you ask ? they 've got a great suds selection of both bottles and drafts . there 's plenty of tv 's and great music as entertainment , and the crowd is completely local so you 're going to get nothing but sweetheart canadians chatting you up as you sit at the bar . highly recommended for a chill sunday drink . ask for alesia if she 's around . she 'll her sassy charm will make your visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dope little upstairs tavern in a residential zone . truly a neighbourhood bar . pool table , buck hunter pinball and karaoke night - what more can you ask for ? they have one of flavours of the month on tap : spearhead ipa . when i went back to the bar to grab a second round , the bartender told me he accidentally overcharged me on my first round and discounted my second round . stand-up bartender in a unpretentious neighbourhood bar . i like it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as a gluten free foodie , sometimes life can be rough ! but monarch tavern is the greatest place everrr ! ! ! ! im kind of obsessed with it . visiting from texas with my family , this meal was my favorite the whole time we spent in toronto . its a really sweet old historic dive bar . great vibes . the owner was so friendly and knowledgeable about gluten free . they have a great gf beer ( locally brewed nickelbrook ) and they have gluten free poutine , grilled cheese , fried pickles , burgers , grilled cheese burgers ... . omg . i dream of this place . ca n't wait to go back . ca n't say enough good things . if i lived in toronto i would come here to eat or just drink and hang out all the time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here for wednesday choir ! choir ! choir ! if you do n't know what that is , google it . if you want to come , join the fb page and learn the damn songs : ) cheap 5 $ pints and some good service behind the bar . great space that i 've never been to on a regular day- but an intrigueing enough hidden location that i would try to find myself back here on a regular weekend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice old school tavern with a big selection of canadian beers , mostly from nearby toronto and the pinball machine ( indiana jones ) seems to give a free game every couple minutes so you can save your loons ( did i say that right ? )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've only been to `` upstairs at the monarch '' but loved it . it 's a great place to go if you 're a fan of sports and they have huge t.vs on every wall . the best sports bar i 've been to , it does n't have any of the cheesy gimics . everytime i 've been the chef comes around with samples of meat based food ( i 'm vegetarian ) , my boyfriend assured me the sample food was amazing - he 's definitely wants to go back just for the food now ! the price of the beer is just average - $ 7 - with no daily offers other than a beer and food for x amount , but they have a good selection and the bartenders are really friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't like the college crowd and find yourself in the area ... ..ding ding ding . dark , old school d\u00e9cor , these guys do n't even try to be modern . food is pretty good and if its not to your liking go to either bitondos or san fran sandwiches next door and bring that in and enjoy . good selection of beer , some pool tables ... .not bad at all . good place when you want to go out but not really out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "popped by to watch a friends band play over the weekend and had the privilege of trying out some of their dishes . i must say that their burgers are quite amazing ! do n't know how chef jubert does it but it 's rare that i find such a juicy and savoury burger . ca n't wait to try out the other food on the menu . especially the filipino street food ( which is apparently juberts specialty ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly staff and well priced drinks are always a winning combination . the house 's sound system is unfortunately underpowered for the room though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a rare toronto old school spot . good hamburger , very nice bartender . jean chretien hangs out here when he 's in town . you should too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cheap and nice local . good bartenders , cozy vibe , ca n't go wrong .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "brand new kitchen after the departure of baju . bunz is asian street food plus a healthy smattering of pub favourites . had the bao . damn good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great neighbourhood pub . friendly bar staff , reasonably priced drinks and best of all , amazing pizza and meatball subs at the pizzeria opposite and sandwich shop next door that you can eat in the comfort of the lovely monarch ? ! truly winning combo ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was there to watch a play . the room is quite nice . it is a bit far from any good location . guinness for 8 $ . wide variety of drinks available . bartenders were nice enough .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the monarch tavern is a great toronto institution . there is usually a lot of room for big groups , the beer is pretty cheap , and the entire bar is a good environment for hanging out with you friends . they also have really good food . in particular , come here for the grilled cheese sandwiches and not the over-hyped `` grilled cheese '' at kensington ! ( ahem , got a bit too enthusiastic there ) . my favourite of them all is one that has caramelized onions and mango chutney , though the one served with wasabi mayo is also quite yummy . all grilled cheese sandwiches are served fries and a small salad , filling you up nicely after .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a old toronto landmark the monarch is still a friendly , comfortable authentic old neighborhood watering hole . bring your sandwich upstairs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm really quite surprised by all these good reviews . just off the beaten path of the bustling college street nightlife , you 'd hardly notice that this place exists . from the outside , it appears closed - no lights , no one outside , and a barred doorway . things do n't get much better when you finally do find the open door that leads to the upstairs . there were a few tables full of what appeared to be college kids and some unmemorable music playing in a dingy open room . our server could n't have been less interested in serving us and rarely came by the table even while our glasses sat empty . when we finally decided to leave , we could n't even find the server as he was sitting down having a pint at the bar . shitty service , shitty atmosphere . i would n't go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "guys ! monarch tavern has a super selection of draft beers ( including special monthly cask choices ) , a chill vibe , friendly staff and ... wait for it ... . metallica pinball ! ! ! also , if you check in using the handy dandy yelp app there 's a special yelp discount in it for you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good beer . friendly staff . apparently a karaoke night , which gets them one extra star ! there 's also a pool table , a pinball machine , and great tunes as well . local hangout .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here last weekend to meet some friends i had not seen in ages . they had a lot of good beers as well as a special double rum and coke for cheap . good staff and good deals", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the beer is good , the staff is friendly but the place is old and horrible . based on the other reviews , i was expecting more of this place . i arrived at 10pm , the kitchen was closed and the freezers were broken so they only had few options of beer available and nothing to snack eat .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is n't fancy , but the service is prompt , friendly and a 5 5 ! i like to come here for some pinball and they have a wide range of beers without the crafty hipster atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "karaoke thursdays , delicious grill cheese- i had the majestic , cold beer and friendly service . what more can you ask for ? oh ya the parmesan chips are amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if your looking for a private gym with an exclusive and personalized approach , then results only might be the right place for you . it 's not your normal gym or personal training environment . the gym is run by bobby kelly , former trainer to the president , and he offers something i have never seen before ... .. a real personalized training program for people that need more than a monthly fee and an useless ocean of fitness equipment . ( it useless because i do n't even use most of it ) i must warn you , results only is not the cheapest place in town and that might explain the exclusive group of attendees . i hear that there is a waiting list now . all `` name dropping '' aside , results only is a unique and focused training environment for people serious about losing weight , getting in shape and keeping fit . this is my best alternative to an unused gym membership . it might be yours too . if you can get in there..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fabulous place to workout ! ! ! ! ! perfectly pushes you just out of your comfort zone to get the results you want ! ! ! ! 2 thumbs up for sure ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the circuit . i get a mixer of strength training and cardio without having to think about what 's next .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first time paying for a fitness gym , as opposed to a big box gym or y. i wish i would have had this gym and these trainers much earlier . the other members are welcoming , fun , and supportive . bobby , kelly , and tj , frank and heather work with you where you are at , push you to do more and adapt to your limitations . this is the first place i have been where i absolutely trust the trainers and the workouts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "results only ... you actually get results here ! trainers are fantastic , every single one of them . never a dull workout . they mix things up and keep things simple and all you have to add is the hard work . it 's truly like having a personal trainer without the personal trainer price . cheap , no , but you go , you have fun and you get results . got ta try it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "melissa is a genius with lash extensions ! she is clearly passionate about what she does and makes me feel like a total beauty every time i come for a refill . the lashes last for weeks , she 's fast , she 's consistent , professional and just so talented . i would n't go anywhere else and i always recommend her when i get compliments on how great i look ( people often do n't realize i have lash extensions until i tell them ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! ! ! it 's a beauty one stop , shop ! having some beautiful classy girls working there and spreading their beauty advice is always a bonus of course ! ! the girls at 6 degrees are always up to date promoting the latest beauty tips and techniques at such an affordable price . i highly recommend it ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love coming here ! the girls are all so nice always . i get my nails done by florence and she 's the absolute sweetest .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this spa ! ! the girls do an amazing job with lashes . i usually make my appointments with kristen . kristen has been doing my lashes for almost 2 years and always does an excellent job . she is very much a professional and always makes sure that you leave loving your lashes . i refer my friends and anyone who compliments my lashes to the spa . it 's very clean and the girls are just so friendly and accommodating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to flo for monthly facials for over a year ( i followed her to 6 degrees from her previous spa ) i have very sensitive skin that gets red at the slightest touch , and i have gotten severe sunburn like reactions from facials elsewhere . with flo , my skin feels amazing - smooth and soft and not at all irritated afterwards . she really knows what she is doing , and has the right products available . flo is also really really nice and such a sweet person . some people become friends with their hairdressers ... i have become friends with the person who keeps my skin looking its best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great space . warm and friendly . melissa and the team are the best . only place i trust with my lashes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly and very accommodating staff . affordable , very clean , relaxing and professional . i had eyebrow microblading done by vanessa and she definitely has the eye and skill for perfection . i have yet to try their other services as i noticed and intrigued by all the other customers leaving with such joy and satisfaction . definite go to spot for all your beauty needs . i am so happy i discovered this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good bagel place in charlotte . long lines though and they do not move to fast . the bagels are pretty good though and if you have the time to wait it is worth it for a good bagel . i went there more than once and the second time i stopped in around 9a they had run out of half the bagels .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this location is always poppin in the morning from the uptown rush , but they are always pretty fast . they have a good selection of bagels and they always seems to be fresh and in-stock . my go to options are : 1 : blueberry bagel with strawberry smear 2 : everything bagel with veggie smear you ca n't go wrong with these- trust me . i 've tried the cinnamon sugar bagel , but nothing compares to panera 's version . also if you 're a coffee person they offer hot and iced coffee in a couple of flavors : regular , hazelnut , french toast , dark roast and vanilla ( on rotation ) . i had the ice coffee today and it was surprisingly really good ! it had a chocolate hint to it . i 'll be sure to be back to get it again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you show up downtown charlotte around founders hall on saturday morning , there are n't that many places to grab a quick bite to eat . caribou coffee is closed , taste is closed . i found this bagel shop open and stopped in for a bacon , egg , cheese bagel , to bring back to the office to work . atmosphere was nice , service friendly and fast . i would recommend for a quick breakfast on saturday mornings .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "anyplace that serves breakfast is awesome in my book . i know bagels are n't really everyone 's `` thang '' but i like the breakfast option in the heart of uptown . right in the epicenter , this place does serve up breakfast ( as you would normally expect a bruegger 's to do ) ... it also serves lunch ! ( which i have never taken advantage of ... soon maybe ) . the breakfast crew is always nice and the line moves like clockwork . you can be in and out in a couple minutes and back to your cubicle desk ( sigh ) in no time . i also like that it is located right near the overstreet mall bridge connection to the epicenter ... the bridge is n't enclosed , but fresh air never hurt anyone ( except during winter when it can get pretty frigid on that walkway ) . as far as breakfast bagel sandwiches go , they offer a variety ... i actually like their sriracha egg sandwich . nice to start the morning off with a kick in the pants .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bruegger 's is decent when you have a jonesing for a bagel but my experience there has never really been memorable . maybe b c bruegger 's bagels really does n't roll well off the tongue ? who knows . this location always seems to be more busy then they are able to handle but they offer a pretty sweet selection of lunch sandwiches , soups and salads with pick two combo 's like other establishments . they main reason i go there is because they have frequent bagel specials if you sign up for their email club ( this is the main reason i am giving them three stars as opposed to two ) . if i can get three bagels for free , i 'm a fan and will visit your establishment . i 've never been too impressed their coffee , which is sad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just do n't know how this place is still in existence , the bagels are the worst , plain and simple . i tried several different bagels and they 're just not good and the spreads are n't much better . i only come over when i come across a coupon and it 's not even worth the time then ... ... ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bruegger 's schmooger 's . this place is whack . can i get a real bagel place in uptown ? it 's a typical chain bagel store . they serve crazy bagel concoctions that nobody eats . they serve a small selection of sandwiches . their cold cuts are so-so . the only thing that they have going for them is the wednesday dozen special for like $ 8 . other than that , i am forced to go there because of the lack of bagel shops in charlotte . bagel spot ... ..we need you ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very good location with friendly employees and delicious food . i had a toasted asiago parmesan bagel with lots of cream cheese and was very pleased with the taste . my husband was thrilled with his baked potato soup & chicken salad sandwich . this was a really good brunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every time i come here i am disappointed . their bagels are like hockey pucks . it is however convenient and if you want to be the new favorite employee at work wednesdays they have bakers dozen for $ 6 . not for me but if you are feeling generous cruel i 'd def treat my employees to some .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for being a typical chain bagel shop , brueggars is a decent place to grab a bagel in the morning because of its location in the epicenter . this location also seems super slow though . i feel like i wait in line so long whenever i go ! regardless , i usually order the same exact thing ... ... bacon and egg on a skiny wheat bagel . ( fyi- the egg is premade ) . nothing spectacular , but gets the job down when i need a quick-ish breakfast and do n't wan na cook myself ! ps- the coffee is actually pretty good . they have seasonal types like pumkin , kahula , and coconut !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here twice , they had average food with pretty good quality meats but my wrap and sandwich were nothing to brag about . i was n't impressed with teh bread or wrap they used either . i ordered a sausage , bacon , ham , egg and jalpeno cheese wrap for breakfast and a roast beef sandwich another day for lunch . they have lots of fresh fruits , special juices , and kettle chips bagels too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't think ill ever try this chain ever again . the only thing even slightly decent was the coffee . advertised fresh cracked eggs but was surely misled they were pulled from a holding tray . disappointed to say the least how does a bagel place run out of plain bagels ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bruegger 's has the best bagels in charlotte for breakfast ! my faves are the cinnamon sugar bagel with cream cheese and the jalape\u00f1o cheddar bagel with egg and cheese . their bagels are larger than einstein 's , and they are much more generous with the cream cheese . while i have never tried their bagel sandwiches for lunch or their coffee ( b c i always go to caribou ) , their breakfast bagels are arguably the best !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this bruegger 's location has always gotten my order correct [ hard not to when you 're watching them making it in the line ] . the staff has always been friendly , and you can get in and out with a sandwich or bagel in a matter of minutes . great uptown location in the epicenter for those walking through or ones who work here . i got the chorizo jack breakfast bagel [ seasonal special ] and that thing was dynamite . highly suggested for anyone who likes some spice in their life . a fresh-cracked egg with pepper jack cheese , chorizo sausage and jalapeno cream cheese on a guajillo bagel . bomb.com", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had never set foot in a bruegger 's before this week but decided to try and satisfy a bagel craving while uptown at somewhere other than einstein 's . i got a cinnamon raisin bagel with plain cream cheese . the bagel had a crispy outside and soft , chewy center with plenty of raisins . i actually liked the `` dense '' cream cheese better than the whipped variety that einstein 's offers . so , really 4 stars for the bagel itself . the star knock down comes from the fact that , with only 2 people in line ahead of me , it still took 10 minutes to get the darn thing . hard to comprehend really ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "slow ... .ice coffee in a soda paper cup ? western omelet on a salted bagel ... not so good . had much better bagels . safe to say i wo n't be coming back here for breakfast .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "maybe i am a bagel snob - but coming from ny nj i think i am entitled to be so . these bagels are something that would come out of the freezer - small , overly doughy chewy , and no flavor . oh and if you want to get an egg sandwich - be ready for a pre-made egg that comes out of the microwave . i mean really - how long does it take to put an egg on the grill - a whole whopping 3 minutes . are we that lazy that we need to nuke our eggs . never again - i rather eat cold cereal ( with no milk ) from the hotel .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place would usually be 4 or 5 stars , but this morning the girl making my sandwich was either stoned or hung over . there was only meat on one half . also she was leaning on the prep counter on one elbow while she lackadaisically made my sandwich with the other hand . she could n't have conveyed any better that she did not care to be there or the quality of my $ 7.50 sandwich . if i had not cared about the quality of service and my food this morning i would have gone to mcdonald 's . this place is normally a favorite . disappointing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good bagels , friendly service , and a good price . i 've been to bruegger 's a few times and have always enjoyed their bagels . they are a good size and have a decent variety of both cream cheese and bagels . the staff is generally pretty friendly too . this location is in a fun spot right downtown as well . i do n't have them by me , so i usually stock up when i 'm near one . i like being able to grab a few packs to take home and they sell the batch from the previous night , $ 3.50 for 6 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "strangely , i have eaten here several times and never had a bagel . sometimes i have even gone with the explicit intention of getting a bagel , but it has never happened . typically i am diverted by their sandwiches which , based on the other reviews , are much better than their bagels . the food has never been bad , but the store does have a strange vibe to it . this corner of the epicentre is usually quiet and although the store is new it has a lonely and neglected feeling to it . i do n't mean that there is something acutely wrong , but i always feel as if i should be going somewhere else . somewhere populated .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "being a transplant from nj to nc , i come from the state that makes the best bagels ! this place is the closest i have found to nj bagels . the staff is awesome ! so kind and tends to the needs of each patron . thank you again for all the hard work . customer service is not an easy job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a toasted pumpernickel with red onion , tomato , green bell pepper , lettuce , and hummus . it was outta-control-delicious ! the bagel was perfectly toasted , the veg was fresh and delicious , and the hummus was outstanding . staff was very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in town for a convention looking for a brunch type local . brueggers bagels hit the spot . i ordered the `` western '' breakfast bagel . egg , bacon , cheddar cheese and fresh red onions & green red peppers toasted together . fresh oj on the side . mmmmmmm", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came in for a quick breakfast san which- had the wrap with eggs and turkey sausage.. this was probably one of the most tasteless breakfast wraps i have ever had.. and no option to add any veggies ? pass .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "probably one of the best bagel spots in charlotte which is n't saying much but still a solid breakfast option", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very friendly , good prices , delicious bagels . nick was incredibly friendly and made our visit exceptional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this could be a great place to get a bagel really fast but it looks like their organization is a little messed up . i ran in to get a traditional lox and bagel . the lady did a nice job , the bagel was good . the person next to me that got a western omelet was looked and tasted really good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love bruegger 's bagels . the staff was very friendly and i was able to get what i wanted very quickly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite bagel at any bagel spot . smoked salmon ( i ordered extra salmon ) cream cheese , capers , cucumbers , red onions . you ca n't go wrong .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when i went i had no clue what to expect but i was not expecting anything out of the ordinary . i had the most amazing bagel sandwich and a delicious soup ! it was perfect and well toasted bagel . the soup was also one of the best chicken soup ever .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the cinnamon-sugar bagel is to die for ! i live in st. louis so i 'm pretty loyal to st. louis bread company 's ( panera bread ) cinnamom crunch bagel , but this one blows it out of the water ! i also love how quick this place is ; they are always ready for the morning rush . i will be going back to try other things on the menu as well ; wish we had some up north !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious bagels ! staff was very efficient and friendly , will be back here many times !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was decent , almost like a subway type place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "boba in a food court ? why is n't this more popular ? ! name is weird , apparently it 's an attempt to highlight that they also serve nuts for snacking- boiled peanuts ( regular and cajun style ) , and some others , for $ 3 each ( did n't ask for portion size ) or 4 $ 10 . weird . the drinks are good-sized , priced average : about $ 5 each . they have boba and jellys to add to milk teas , smoothies , and milkshakes . tried a honeydew that was super fake-tasting with way too much artificial sweetener- almost tasted too tart , like it had green apple in it or something . the peach milk tea was solid- lighter flavor , not too sweet , good portion of boba that was nice and soft .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow what amazing customer service ! i learned that it 's a small family business that values their workers and specialty drink recipes . my favorite that the owner brian made me was the orange cream-cicle . definitely worth the try ! my boyfriend loved the honeydew boba . whenever we come back to vegas this is always going to be our go-to spot . also a little tip for you party animals , the nutty boba has awesome hang-over drinks ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rob did a great job on our driveway . it 's exactly what we wanted and looks fantastic . we are very pleased and highly recommend you give them an chance to work on your project .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we thank rob & roland so much for the beautiful job they did with our paving project . we had an original idea , and rob has a great eye for an improved version that we are so happy about . they arrived at a good time of the morning and not disturb our neighbors , worked hard every day . we had a couple other quotes and felt rob was going to do the best job . we highly recommend his work and hope all others have as good an experience as us . thank you so much rob & r", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommend arizona pavers for your hardscape landscaping needs . rob , the owner , and roland did an outstanding job of designing and installing pavers on our driveway and creating lovely , flowing garden paths and walkways in our front courtyard and backyard . the result exceeded our expectations . the guys were at all times professional and courteous . from my initial phone call to the very end rob was responsive to my questions and concerns . both he and roland were good humored and made every effort to keep the worksite tidy . rob 's price was very fair and he delivered more than he promised . my husband and i could n't be happier . great job , rob !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been wanting to try ethiopian food so a friend took us here . the place was a bit small and run down . we got sat and the server was n't the friendliest . we got waters and a platter that had a variety of meats and veggies , as well as the beef sambusa . we loved the sambusa , they came out piping hot with a nice dipping sauce . the platter was good as well . it just depends what you like i guess . the meat dishes were good except for a dish which was mostly bones lol i was n't fond of the spinach dish either . i did like the injera , it was super filling . i thought the dishes would have a lot more spice and flavor but most of them were quite bland . it was still a good experience , i 'm glad we tried it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "glad i tried merkato . i 've tried abyssinia and now have another good option . the neighborhood is n't the greatest , but if you can get past that , food is great and service was super friendly . had the veggie combo together with fimi tibs which is served on grill ( like a fajita sizzling plate ) . the girls working were both super friendly , happy to explain things , bring extra injera , and fill water . i 'll definitely be back and look forward to trying some their chick pea ( garbanzo bean ) dishes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here for dinner on a sunday . there were few other tables occupied when we arrived . we ordered a chicken doro wot . wanted to order a lamb dish , but since they ran out of lamb that day , we ordered a beef tibs . the portions are large , i think my husband and i would have been full with splitting just one dish . the chicken doro wot is delicious , much better than the ones that i have been in some popular ethiopian restaurants in the bay area . the beef was a dud , it was dry , chewy and we could n't finish eating the dish . if not for the beef , i would have given a 5 star , considering that service is fast and friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so much food ! great customer service . their coffee is wonderful and very interesting in how they prepare it . a little bit of a sketchy neighborhood but what you use to scoop your food , that little sourdough pancake type thing is what will bring me back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was really hoping to like this place because i love ethiopian food , but our vegetarian platter came out cold , the sambosas were tasty , but the wait staff could be more attentive , and that could 've been why are food came out so cold", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went here with a bunch of friends for a b-day party , and everyone was happy ! it was most people 's first ethiopian food experience , and all bellies left satisfied . the kitfo ( finely chopped raw beef with spices and clarified butter ) , yedoro wot ( simmered chicken dish ) , yemisir wot ( spicy simmered lentils ) , and sambusa ( pastries filled with lentils ) were all delish , although the gored gored ( beef cubes cooked in a rosemary wine sauce ) was the best ! the atmosphere here is better than meskerem , but the food is pretty comparable . they have a stage for live music , but the night we went they just had ethiopian music videos playing ( you can learn awesome dance moves to impress on the strip after dinner ) . ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am so glad that i read previous reviews and ordered what other people ordered . this was my husbands and my first time trying ethiopean food . we have been talking about it for at least 2yrs so needless to say i was very excited to try this place while we were in las vegas . we ordered the vegetarian combo and the kitfo , as well as the puff pastry appetizer that was filled with lentils . everything was amazing ! the injera made for an overall great dining experience . all of the staff was very friendly and attentive . do n't let it 's humble outward appearance fool you . if i had to change anything it would be to have cloth napkins and maybe some updated menus . overall a great first time experience and we will be returning ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very interesting meal ! this was the first time i had ethiopian fare and ordered way too much by accident . everything is eaten with your hands , and the food is spicy but not bangkok spicy . try the vegetarian platter , it will easily serve two adults . i ordered the spicy beef as well but it was more then we could finish . next time i 'll have to try the coffee and popcorn , looked juicy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3.5 stars . it was a cool experience trying out some new cuisine and eating with our hands . we ordered the lamb tibs as per recommendations and some savory beef stew dish . both were poured on a large metallic platter that was covered with a round piece of brown spongy bread . you tear off a piece of bread , grab some stew or tibs , and then consume . the salad that came with it helped mix up the flavors , but nothing memorable . the waitresses were nice enough , and came to check on us once in a while . a cheap new experience in gastronomy . however , i do n't think i 'll be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so good ! vegetarian platter is amazing ... so much food and all healthy too . also recommended by the owner was the spice tea that cleanses out the system . great place in vegas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have a nice coffee ceremony here $ 20 for 4 pax . they roast the green coffee beans right in front of you and then grind them and make coffee . the girl , amy told us about life in ethiopia . it was a very fun cultural experience . i gave them 1 star less because i wanted the food to be spicier , but it was n't . we ordered the veggie combo and one of the side dish was way too salty . they gave us more red lentils and fixed the problem for us .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "update : came back another 2 or 3 times . taste & portion size have been consistent . also , in case you are wondering , the fish dish is called fish goulash ( sp ? ) the one thing that keeps it from 5 stars is the language barrier ... just tried placing an order for 1 veggie combo + 1 fish dish for pickup and it took more than 5 minutes cause i could n't recall the name of the fish dish initially so i described it and the woman who picked up put me on hold to consult with someone in the background it sounded like ... not a big deal but they should probably have someone who is more fluent in english handle the orders since they definitely have waitresses there that are more fluent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just enjoyed a fantastic dinner here . i was really impressed with the friendliness and knowledge of the waitstaff . i learned some new things about ethiopian food . i got the vegetarian combo and it was awesome . i really liked the spinach . the decor is kind of old fashioned but it 's definitely a worth while mom and pop type of place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! ! ! really fantastic food in general . it 's hard to find late night vegan eats , so this was a gem after the 51 's game . the outside does n't look appealing , but once you step inside the staff is friendly and attentive and offer comfort food at low prices . my husband and i shared the vegetarian platter which was more than enough . it came with lost of options to nosh on . i 'm not sure what everything was but something that tasted like bbq lentils , a creamed chickpea that tasted like creamed corn , and a sweet and spicy sweet potato just to name a few options on the platter . it all gets eaten with this sourdough crepe like bread . we each also got a veggie appetizer which was a fried dough pastry filled with lentils that reminded me of an indian samosa . it was piping hot when it came out , and was our favorite part despite my husband not being too fond of lentils .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first ethiopian food experience was not a bad one . food was decent and service was ok . asked for water was given a bottle of water which they charged us for . i am assuming vegas water is garbage anyway so it 's probably better we received bottle water however a notice of a charge would have been nice . all and all an average expierence with decent food", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first timer at ethiopian food , i was scared and skeptical , but it was awesome , the lamb was by far the best i 've ever had , i have never tasted those kind of spices before , and the ethiopian beer was good too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food , pretty good service , and ( for vegas ) a unique atmosphere . anything lentil based that i 've ordered has been darn tasty . i do n't eat meat , but all the veggie dishes i 've eaten here were great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was a little skeptical the first time i came in so i am updating my review as i have been back multiple times , the ethiopian food is soo on point its rediculously good ! the service is ultra casual and chill . this place is by far my favorite ethiopian restaraunt , and i highly reccomend it . the spice is perfect n the raw beef is delicious ! worth your hard earned $ . my wife says she looves the cabage dish !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite places ! i live the meat and vegetarian platter with lots of injera . today is their last day at this location - they are moving to tropicana and arville . i will definitely follow up them anywhere !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i are pescatarian , so no meat . merkato has a delicious vegetarian sampler for $ 10 that fill both of us up . the flavors are more pronounced than at other ethiopian places , which is good . i 'm told they have excellent meat and fish dishes , too . one star downgrade due to the place does n't look that clean , and the wait staff can be slow to serve non-native customers . but we 've been here several times , and do love the food , and the value is amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never had ethopian food before , this was so flavorful and i 'm hooked . the veggie combo was so good , my friend ordered the chicken , beef and lamb , the flavor was amazing . i will definitely be here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i drive past this place everyday and have always seen the parking lot packed . after reading the reviews it lives up to the hype , food was awesome . got the veggie sampler and house hifto , tons of food , a lot of i have no idea what it was but everything was good . i am definitely going to return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as of december 26 , 2016 , this restaurant has re-opened on arville 1 2 block south of the orleans hotel and it is excellent . delicious and plentiful food , very friendly staff , better location , and the food is more interesting and varied than what i have had at many other ethiopian restaurants . we got the vegetarian and meat sampler platters and it was more than a very hungry family of 4 could scarf down . under $ 30 for all of us , a great price performer . take a short walk from the casino and enjoy some fresh air and some delicious ethiopian food , where ( unlike the buffet ) you are encouraged to eat with your hands .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is excellent and the staff is very nice . and it 's cheap ! ! ! i highly recommend this restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall was decent . as we walked in , we were greeted by a wall of incense smoke . so bad , that you would think the place had caught fire-no joke . since we were the only ones in the restaurant , i asked if they could please turn the incense off and open the doors which they kindly did , as far as the food went , the vegi platter was really good and the added beef tibs were just about inedible . the meat seemed to be reheated many times over the past few days . if i would return , it would be only for the vegi platter .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just like others have mentioned , the incense is a little on the strong smokey side . the vegetarian platter was delicious . too much food for 2 people . i ordered a white wine and it came in a single serve bottle and tasted on the sour side . my dinner partner ordered a jack and coke and they had no idea what that was . i do n't think they serve very much alcohol . we did n't get to try the coffee but will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we like ethiopian food and tried some in different town , tucson and san diego . this is one of good one i have been to , may not be the best one but very close to the best . we have been to the other ethiopian place about 2-3 blocks away and compared to that one , this is much much better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the food here . out of the three ethiopian restaurants i 've been to in vegas ( abyssinia , merkato & blue nile ) , this is my favorite food-wise . the shiro wot is spicy and delicious . the servings on the vegetarian combo are pretty big . we always leave here stuffed and happy . my only complaint about this restaurant is the service . it is not the worst service , but every time i 've been here , it has taken a long time to get our check after the meal . once , it took 20 minutes after we asked for it - they started helping a new table instead of bringing us our bill . this is a small price to pay for how good the food is here . i will definitely keep going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is unlike any other . ethiopian food is very rare to find i feel and so this place is definitely one to go check out ! there 's no utensils and instead you use this bread called `` injera '' as a `` fork '' . i forgot exactly what it was called but it resembled an empanada but with lentils inside . it was absolutely delicious ! we got the veggie sampler and a chicken dish and a beef dish . they were all really good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh man the food was awesome and very much affordable.. we had a veggie one and the tastebuds went dancing in the mouth when i visited here first week of april n selam , she is sooper cute and her innocent smile with a dimple on her face & curly hair would make anyone fall flat for her and i have completely fallen in love with this stranger of my life . not sure if i ll meet her again in my life , if so m not missing my chance to propose her : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice restaurant . the service was a little slow , but friendly and nice . the food was well seasoned and spicy ! i was n't sure if i liked the bread served with the food or not . it 's spongy and a little gummy . i was craving a contrast of some texture ! all in all , i definitely recommend the experience !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came late on a thursday night for take-out . ordered a dish described as chicken cooked in butter and garlic sauce , priced $ 8.95 . got a drumstick in a heavy sauce . wrapped in a savory crape . it tasted good but the portion of chicken was pretty poor . i would have been happy with a single breast . tasty but insufficient .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my wife and i were recently in vegas and were craving some good ethiopian food , so we found this place on yelp . we took a taxi from the strip and arrived . when we arrived we went inside and all the lights were off and a strong smell was present ! the waiter said we can sit anywhere . we waited about 10 minutes and no one came to our table at that point the lights remained off and we could n't take the smell anymore my anxiety level peaked and i told my wife i will not risk and eat here and we left . a word to the wise this restaurant is not in a good part of town ! if you do n't have a rental car or a taxi waiting for you do n't go ! we did n't realize this until we walked out and had to walk back 2 miles to the strip and we were being looked at like a piece of meat !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is of their new restaurant at 4970 arville street . we tried the vegetarian platter and the mixed meat platter , as well as the beef sambusa . everything tasted great ! there was a good selection on the menu . the honey wine was homemade . the service was good -- everyone seemed excited that we were there and that we were enjoying our food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you love funky , authentic , inexpensive `` hole in the wall '' ethnic restaurants this is a great stop . it is open super late - a lot of ethiopian cab drivers stop in for grub . they have live music at times . the service was attentive and easy . you get so much food - a vegetarian platter for $ 10 easily feeds 2 . a family feel . i would definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to merkato last friday . ordered the salmon dish with rice and injera bread . good meal ! good price ! big portions too ! better than the abyssinia restaurant ! i will be back ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't come here if you 've never had ethiopian food before . the wait staff wo n't be able to guide you or describe anything since they have difficulty with english . come back once you are familiar with the cuisine . all the lamb tibs are incredible , grilled to perfection and seasoned just right . they have the second best doro wot i 've ever had ( 1st is a place in oakland ) , and the lentils ( shiro wot is what we got ) were delicious as well . i did n't have any beef dishes so i ca n't speak for those . they do have ethiopian coffee and tea , despite the menu not saying so .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my first ethiopian dining experience was absolutely fabulous . so many sumptuous flavors ! and amy our waitress made the whole expedience so much fun ! be sure to have a bgi beer ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is amazing ! only thing , i would say is do n't expect amazing customer service here . i 've been going here once or twice a month for over a year and no one recognizes me ( which is n't a big deal ) servers are friendly ( sometimes ) , but most do n't speak english very well so it makes it hard to order sometimes . also make sure you sit close to the bar because once they give you your order they will not check on you to see how you are doing or even to just refill your drink and it can be hard to get someone 's attention . i get the awaze tibs which is beef and peppers . i would recommend this for anyone that is n't very adventurous with food but wants something delicious ! i 've tried other places but this is the best as far as food quality . also food is cheap for how much you get . great place for dates ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my wife and i ate here on a monday night while i was on a business trip . the venue is about a mile east of the desert inn road hotels where we were staying . service was friendly and prompt . my order of kitfo and gomen was excellent . i like my food spicy and they met my expectations . my wife opted for their fish selection , flavored mildly , and it was well prepared . i brought my own wine and offered to pay a corkage fee . they let me do so , but asked me in future not to bring my wine , but order theirs . i am picky about wines , so i probably will not return for that reason , especially since there was no ethiopian honey wine on the menu as an option . parking is easy and the price is very reasonable . i rate this restaurant as average as compared to other restaurants of this type that we frequent in other cities .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love ethiopian food and this place was great . i so wish someone would open a place like this in santa fe or albuquerque . only here for 3 days and we 're definitely going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are not a person who loves flavors and heat on demand then this place is the right one for you . i went there once and since i had order the lamb medium as in spice level goes , i decided to give them a break and this time ordered extra spicy lamb . guess what ? it was not at all hot . some other server came to ask me how the food was and i informed her that i had ordered hot and i got extra mild and the waitress said i understand you and then just wanted away ? ? english is not what these guys speak and the service is pathetic .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "out of town couple who love ethiopian food went here based on a recommendation from an ethiopian cab driver . our general rule of thumb - if the cab drivers eat here , it will be good . we actually came here twice during our week long visit to las vegas because we enjoyed the food so much . food was fantastic , inexpensive and generous . the veggie combo - which we usually order at ethiopian places - had something like 9 items on it ! ! ! the service was friendly and accomodating if a little uneven . clearly a family run restaurant that probably caters mostly to the local community at a relaxed pace . the only reason i did n't give it 5 stars is that overall the restaurant could be cleaner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "to say the least this place is authentic . i would highly recommend listening to your waitress . they will advise the correct portion sizes we brought a group of six friends to this place and the price was very reasonable . the food had some good choices and pictures describe it all", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a decent place . i deduct some points for the ambience and locality , which makes this place seem shady . when it comes to the food , it 's a good place , although i could claim to have had slightly more flavorful ethiopian food . it has good hours for the city that it caters to . from the crowd that was flocking here , it seemed fairly authentic ( i do n't mean to be racist , but it 's a good indicator ) . they serve you mineral water bottles so you can be sure they mean good . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came here on the recommendation of a local ethiopian ; the food and service did not disappoint . they have a combo plate which i would suggest if you 're in a large group and do n't really know what you 're getting into . all the dishes we had were very good , and the sourdough sponge bread stuff you eat everything with was awesome . honestly , i do n't know enough about the finer points of the cuisine to offer a detailed breakdown of good vs. bad other than i liked what i had , and it was reasonably in line with my previous acceptable ethiopian food experiences . my one complaint is that they did n't have the honey wine that i 've had at other places . they did have two types of ethiopian beer , though , so that was good . one of the best things about this establishment was the value . we fed 4 adults ( with beers ) for a very reasonable price . would totally come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a definite diamond in the rough ! authentic food and attentive staff ! if you have n't tried ethiopian food yet , start here for a great first impression .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phenomenal ! excellent service , delicious food , and a fantastic coffee service , all at reasonable prices . what more could you ask for ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there yesterday , the food was delicious , i ordered them beef ribs and my bff had them kibee , the bread was awesome ... ..going back real soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the hireawiz team helped transform our non-profit 's web presence by creating an attractive and easy to navigate website ! the site has also been simple for our team to update . the hireawiz team is professional , courteous and very responsive . thanks hireawiz !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i trust cliff totally ... he has done nothing but good work for us . we have been using hireawiz.com since 2008 and he has made a real difference for our business . want proof ? ... go to www.57gold.com and see what he did for our precious metals business ... 5 stars ... gary = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hireawiz team are awesome , knowledgeable , helpful and great costumer service if you are looking for a web design company in phoenix or seo company just give them a call and you will thank me . they helped us with our website graphic design , gave us free tips on how we can save money and do some stuff ourselves and the most important it worked for us to get more leads ! ! thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hireawiz is awesome ! cliff is a great leader and attentive to our needs . cliff and his team are very smart and courteous . they complete work in a timely manner and strive to ensure we are happy with the results . they corrected issues with our archaic data system and had to examine and sort through thousands of lines of code ! they recently created a new web-based application for our subcontractors to submit yearly application forms and quarterly financial reports . we would highly recommend hireawiz !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hireawiz is hands down the best arizona web design company ! they did an excellent job translatiny my vision into a beautifully designed website . one thing that really stood out to me was their ability to work under a tight deadline for when my site needed to be launched and simultaneously providing personal and extremely friendly customer service . if you 're in the market for a website , do not hesitate to go with hireawiz .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hireawiz did an awesome job redesigning our website . and even gave us added benefit when they sped up the time table and put up our new website because the old one was compromised while designing the new site . we have since recommended hireawiz to several of our clients that have also had positive experiences ! they have earned our trust and will earn yours too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is cute . cute ! tables and chairs are festively colorful and it really brings out the cheer . you wo n't need to order appetizers because you 'll get yummy chips and salsas ( red and green ) and a small tortilla with ceviche . ca n't remember what fish platter we had because the menu is plentiful long , but it was a white fish served with veggies mixed in with rice . very delicate and pleasing . and how , the molcajete ! requested the waiter if we could have it served without red meat or poultry , so he brought one with seafood only . sizzling hot , tasty , filling . took home leftovers and ordered a whole fried fish to go as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best mexican restaurant i 've ever eaten at ! next time in phoenix will be back ! friendly service and good prices !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went with the family for something new . ordered the house special molcajete , all i can say is wow . it had shrimp , octopus tomatillo sauce , beef , chicken and fried fish . every food group you could possibly imagine ! : ) we go the green sauce , the red sauce is a lot spicier than i expected . if you want delicious mexican food you ca n't beat moriscos play hermosa . do n't be afraid of the location , my wife and i were a bit worried as it does seem like it 's in the middle of nowhere and in a shadier area but well worth it ! . make sure to check is as well and get that free slice of cake ( we grabbed the coconut one mmmm ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything was so good - service , food , atmosphere . i had the caldo siete mares ( seven seas soup ) . the broth was so good and the fish was so tender . also a huge bowl . looking forward to going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered the molcajete caliente it was very good had lots of flavor to all the food that was in it , the horchata was very good to they put some fruit in it , the waiter was very nice and we got a free 3 leches cake", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love this place . the authentic feel to it , the food , the ambiance is amazing . definitely one of my go to places for mariscos ! ! ! you ca n't go wrong coming here . although the area is a little sketchy it 's a good place to eat and unwind ! ! trust me ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean ... fresh ... . friendly ... . delicious . hey yelpers get here and devour til your hearts content . awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best mexican seafood i have ever had . and , i must add that i live in los angeles area and we have tons of mexican seafood places , but this place is by far the best ! ! ! ! they also have a very friendly staff as well ... i travel to phoenix all the time for business and i 'm not having another trip w o eating here..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are my goto for street tacos . asada steak , chicken , pastor pork , and chorizo meats are the choices . street tacos start at a buck and are every bit delicious , but he also makes quesadillas and burritos . the salsa he offers , which comes is 4 varieties ranging from a cool green to a sweet and spicy pineapple habanero give them a boost of flavor , not that his marinated meats any more flavoring . the taco stand is right in front of the grove apt complex and is there most days starting around 4 maybe and open until 8 pm and friday and saturday until 10 . try these guys , there a must !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the pleasure of trying these at a school fair & they were wonderful ! we had the beef street tacos & the taco melts . will have to look for them now anytime we need a taco fix . so glad to have found them !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these tacos are so good ! they came to my apartment complex for the first time so i thought i 'd stop by and check it out . i tried the carne asada and shrimp tacos , and oh man i wish i had ordered more ! they were so tasty and had so much flavor like tacos should have . the carne asada tacos were only a $ 1 each and shrimp for $ 2 each ! they 're a bit small for some people 's standards but they 're what street tacos usually look like . loved them and i hope they come back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the showroom was absolutely beautiful ! ! great pieces ! ! i 'm a fan of showrooms that have actual rooms set up and they do ! ! the prices were very reasonable . so why only 3 stars ? i walked in with my 3 kids and the sales woman was slouched down in a chair near the front counter speaking with the woman behind it . i was never greeted just told `` if you need something let me know '' . she stayed in the chair the entire time i was there . i 'm not about pushy sales people so i was rather glad that she did n't follow me around the store but it looked extremely unprofessional that she was slouched down in a chair and never even bothered to stand up . i will return to buy furniture because of the actual furniture but not for the customer service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "extremely disappointed horrible experience . with so many other options in town i suggest not to bother with this store . unfortunate i have lots of ea furniture that we wanted to update and revive with a few new pieces however our visit was a waste of time . rh has an amazing gallery and friendly designers ! we will visit them instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff is friendly and helpful-but beware ! ! ! ! ! i spent over $ 10,000 on ethan allen furniture , after only nine months my dining table had terrible swirl marks , scratches , and looked like it was five years old ! after three attempts i finally got someone to contact me . a man from arizona came to my home only to tell me that `` unfortunately on flat surface pieces , there 's nothing that can be done '' . he told me what i thought were scratches were `` rub '' marks -and he would have to resurface my table every month ! oh , and also mentioned that the smell from the chemical they use is horrendous and toxic ... and i was left in my home , with a `` too bad so sad '' kind of goodbye . i will never buy another piece of furniture from this company . it 's not worth the price ! i wish living spaces was opened sooner !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "highly recommended ! look no further ! adam is responsive and knowledgeable realtor and you wo n't regret having him as your realtor ! he is also splitting half of his commission to be used toward your closing ! you ca n't find any better deal than this anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was lucky to get a referral to meet adam . he has a great concept where the buyer gets 50 % of his commission . working with adam to buy my house was a smooth transaction he 's very patient and helpful in finding the right home . i highly recommend you use him you will be glad you did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently had to relocate out of arizona for employment . i chose adam botticello based on a referral from a friend . adam and 50 50 realty made selling my house an easy and convenient experience . they provided us with a bunch of comparable properties that had recently sold in order to decide on a price . i ended up going with their recommendation as the data supported the price point . within two weeks we have a full price offer from a qualified buyer . the property even appraised at the exact price adam suggested . all said and done we received our wire within 60 days of adam listing our property . adam knows the market and had my best interest in mind throughout the process . he was always made himself available and promptly answered any questions i had . he even assisted with getting the repairs done that the buyer 's lender required . 50 50 delivered great service , even better results and i would recommend them to anyone looking to sell or buy a house .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough wonderful things to convey how much my husband and i enjoyed working with adam . he did a fantastic job helping us find the right home , was super-responsive , and able to answer all our questions about the area and the market ( we moved here from out of state ) . he actually worked to find us a house , plus he saved us $ 5200 . you will get more than your money 's worth working with adam .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a regular getting chopped here . i have to say ... i am very upset with my last visit . a person who never cut my hair ... it felt like i was making her work and her attitude sucked ! if i did n't have to ask her to go over things the hair cut would have been 8min . i could tell by the way she was cutting my hair she was not at work . she even forgot the hard part , did n't offer a wash , did n't offer product , did n't do her job . if i 'm paying 21 $ for a cut at least make me feel like a customer . do n't get your hair cut by tori ! bad news !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "looking for a quick trim before the holiday i ran to supercuts during lunch and was pleasantly surprised . paulina was very talented and was able to get me in and out of the chair in no time flat , fixing my issues my regular stylist had made at three times the price . i 'll likely come back for another trim the next time i 'm in need .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "heather at this supercuts is awesome , she always gets the blend perfect and makes sure every detail is spot on . if something is not quite right she will see it and take the time to get it right before she lets you get out of the chair . my hair grows fast and i like to keep it short , so i come in here about twice a month . my only complaint is that sometimes heather goes on vacation and i have to walk around with a shaggy mop for a few days , but all is fine when she returns . get the tea tree treatment after your cut , it 's well worth the extra $ 7 . your hair and scalp will feel tingly clean and it 's super relaxing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly and efficient with convenient hours and within walking distance of my home . prices trend a bit higher than some of the other chain salons in the area but i 've been quite pleased with my last three visits here in all but one regard - the horrendous pop-music playing far too loudly . never faced by more than a fifteen minute wait for a walk-in and with my bank , post office , and smith 's just down the way suffice it to say i 'll be a regular here as long as i live in las vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so today i decided i would treat my mom and myself to get a long deserved haircut . we both want to grow out our hair but the ends of our hair was so dry that it made it so difficult to comb out . i have been going to supercuts for years but never at the same location . this location has the friendliest service i have seen in the last 18 months . the young lady who cut my hair she was talking me through what she was doing and then we talked about other things throughout the time she was cutting my hair . i am so pleased with the service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all my boys are soccer boys and love the fro-hawk . ... vicky and cindy are the ones i have found are really good . heather too ... . vicky is really good .and knows how to fade the fro-hawks correctly . ... and we have been there ever since . ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a great experience in this supercuts . i was running some errands and happened to pop in to see how long was the wait . in context i been so busy this few months that it was great to get a quick cut .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was told wait time was 35 mins i waited 1 hour and 30 mins for a hair cut . i always get a good hair cut at super cuts . i wish they would of told me they cut hair slow . i would of went to a different super cuts . recommend going to a different location not enough barbers working here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "other than having to wait a while even though we had an appointment , we love it . yolie is a great hair dresser and always cuts his hair well done", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thanks layla , great cut ! hard to find someone to cut my hair the way i like ... and i did n't even have to wait i will be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new staff recently taken over this salon is not worth my time ... i found my hairdresser and the others are gon na follow ! amelia , cody , and roxy are at suite 1 if you guys are looking for the original crew ... i love them !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "jodi is the best ! she is professional , fast and gives you want you want . i have looked high and low for a great hairstylist . i honestly never thought supercuts but believe me it 's the best haircut you will get in town , regardless of how much you want to spend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amanda was great . i brought in a photo of how i wanted my hair trimmed layered up and she rocked it . wait time was fast and pricing was great . i do n't see the point of hair salons when i can go to a supercuts hence why i keep returning . thanks again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to a family practice before coming to dr. stark , they treatment planned a lot of unnecessary things ( bridges , etc . ) so then i decided to get a second opinion with dr. stark . once i walked in i felt better , i was so comfortable and going into the treatment chair i felt relieved because she explained all my options , she went over what would benefit me rather then previous office just wanted money.. dr stark is the best ! im so excited to keep doing treatment with her . love her and her staff best dentist i 've ever been to !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going here for years and will continue to go here even though i love in henderson now . dr stark and her team are well worth the drive ! i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr stark is the best dentista in the whorld . she did sealants for me and i did n't even feel a thing . she is gentle and efficient and perrrty too . you will really enjoy being worked by her . she and her staffers are the gentlest beings that happen to be dental professionals on the planet . go to her or else ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr.beatrice is the best dentist in las vegas.i go to her for over 5 years . last tuesday i called at 11pm left a message on a voice mail that my tooth has broken and in the morning i got a call from the office concerning about my tooth that they are goona see me as soonest i can get to them.dr .stark new that i have to work that day and made sure that i go to work ready and happy.she helped me right away and what i love abut her that she is a family person.what a wonderful person she is : ) always happy and ready to help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , friendly staff , you have to go here ! dr. stark fixed my broken tooth and i got a new crown the same day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super friendly staff ! dr. stark is amazing and always gives you options ! unlike any other dentist ! i would recommend them to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred to dr. stark by a friend and i am so glad . dr. stark and her staff are very friendly , knowledgeable and helpful . janet was wonderful with my deep cleaning and laser treatment . dr. stark did an awesome job explaining each procedure before working on me . she even pulled a tooth and it was completely painless . i highly recommend this office", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great doctor who really knows whats best . also has a very helpful and friendly staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great dental office . dr. stark is a painless dentist i felt no pain when she was working on me . her office is so elegant and clean thank goodness up to date equipment and clean . they explained into detail and how much everything was going to cost before doing my work . i love this office . thanks dr. stark", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in today to get my teeth cleaned , nikki the office manager is so sweet and helpful . they did an amazing job today cleaning my teeth . linda took her time cleaning my teeth and now they feel amazing . i would recommend this dental office to all my friends ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommend ! ! ! most people are terrified to go to the dentist in the first place , enhance dental is a very warm welcoming office . the dentist is professional and her staff is amazing . dr stark is very gentle and you do n't feel a thing . the hygienist is very sweet and gentle . the office manager niki is very professional and kind hearted . janet is very welcoming and sweet . highly recommend this dental office . get place great staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr stark and her assistant are great . i 've been here three times and have had great service . my only negative comment is during my last visit 3 employees were arguing about completing a task-one refusing to do something because `` it 's not her job . '' this was in front if the lobby where everyone that was waiting could here . very unprofessional behavior . that aside , dr stark is a great dentist .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down the best dentist i have ever been to ! dr. stark and the entire staff are amazing . everyone is so nice and inviting , plus there are never hidden costs and she is so fair and transparent with any work that needs to be done . i recommend dr. stark to everyone i know and most of the people that i work with all go to her ! best dentist in las vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great dentist . beautiful office . professional staff . i have been going to dr. stark since 2011 , and i highly recommend her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having to go to a dentist in the past was a frightening experience . previous dentists seemed more concern about billing and insurance than anything about yourself . dr. stark and her staff make the dreaded dentist fears all pass away . i believe dr. stark has healing hands and is genuinely concerned about your experience and the quality of care . i have never been to a better office with people who actually love going to work . my wife who also went to dr. starks had diabetes and after a pulled tooth she has been removed from metformin and novolog and her a1c is almost normal which is now controlled with diet and exercise . if you are looking for the best dentist in nevada just call and make an appointment and see for yourself . your fear of the dentist will long be just a memory of the past .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for more information go to friendsofstewartpark dot com or friends of stewart park mt horeb facebook page", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid , convenient market . lots of selection , reasonable prices . stopped in to grab breakfast . lo and behold were a selection of banh mi . i spotted two bins marked identically ( vietnamese pork sandwiches ) , except one had `` spy '' written . no clue what that meant , so i grabbed one ( i would n't last long on survivor ) , and an aloe drink ( decided against beer ) . paid about c $ 4 , in cash . the drink was good , and the sandwich was fine for what it was , where it was . the sheen on the sandwich freaked me out when i first unwrapped it , but it ended up being satisfying overall , with pickles , cold cuts , and jalapenos .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i tried this place this wednesday night . the tea was as cold as the sink water . no taste at all . i ordered a simple meal of sea food and rice . i did not enjoy it at all . not enough vegetables and meat and rice ! i left there still hungry . at a normal asian restaurant , i ca n't barely finished my plate . i have to ask for a bag to take it home . i was really disappointed by the quality and service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wanting to try the world 's hottest ramen noodles , i headed here hoping to find it , it was disappointing that even with their vast assortment of ramen noodle and different types of noodles , i did n't find what i was looking for . however , what i liked was the surprising items they have for sale such as ready to eat counter and so forth . l. john dory twitter : @ ljohndory", "score": "3"}
{"review": "homewrecked baby , love this place , the food so fresh the chips so toasty , clean place , nice family gathering option . if you like mexican style food this is for you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the burrito was pretty good . soft drinks were $ 2.79 each . moe monday is not as much of a deal as it used to be . the pork still makes a darn good burrito ! the restaurant appears to be clean and tidy . the restroom was clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this moe 's is about as good as they get and i 've seen some tore up moe 's here n there . they are pretty much fast food so i never go in with a high standard set . just wish they would let the welcome to moe 's chant die !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the employees at this location are incredibly rude . the rice is always hard and the veggies are always mushy . not a pleasant atmosphere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they can make a platter gf . over rice , they did change gloves and all . food quality what is expected from a fast food restaurant . good to know that in a pinch where no better restaurant available you can eat at a moes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered the vegetarian burrito , no cheese or sour cream , added saut\u00e9ed veggies and olives with tomatillo salsa . what i got was a flour tortilla filled with mushrooms , onions , peppers , and olives ... . nothing else . they messed up on all of my co workers meals as well . 5 bags of chips and no sauces or salsa what so ever . when i called they told me i have to come back in to fix it , but before my at work i have no time and was told basically `` oh well ! ``", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bought the bowl with chicken and all i can say about it is bland ... bland ... .bland . no seasoning whatsoever . even the cheese dip i bought on the side was funky tasting . welcome to no 's .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my food was not good at all , the meat was chewy and undercooked . the customer service was not good either . the restaurant was terribly dirty and had trash all over the floors ! it made it hard to eat inside when we were eating in such a filthy food place . we will never be back to this location again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "delicious burritos , burrito bowls , tacos , salsa bar , friendly employees , quick service . food is way better ( and healthier ) than the average fast sitdown food . would highly recommend moe 's and the concord nc location specifically !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is seemingly the best ( only ? ) option for vegans in the area . it 's not a vegan restaurant , of course , but there are a few vegetarian dishes that can be made vegan with the omission of cheese and sour cream . the art vandelay burrito is cutely named , and is one such option . the quality is average ; i would have enjoyed it more if it had been served hot . the dining area was clean and larger than average .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the service was n't all that great . the employees were kinda just not enthused at all and kinda sassy . the gave me hardly any meat with my tacos . i 've been to way better moes than this one", "score": "2"}
{"review": "egal ob man sein lieblingsgetr\u00e4nk aus dem asia urlaub sucht oder sich sein lieblingsessen nach kochen m\u00f6chte , hier ist man immer gut aufgehoben ! das riesige sortiment hat f\u00fcr jeden was dabei : chinesisch , vietnamesisch , thail\u00e4ndisch , indisch uvm ... die auswahl an tiefk\u00fchlprodukten jeglicher art ist beeindruckend : dim sum , durian , schweinefleisch b\u00e4llchen , fisch ( f\u00fcr sushi ) , meeresfr\u00fcchte , rindfleisch ( f\u00fcr hotpot ) , ... was diesen supermarkt aber von anderen asia superm\u00e4rkten unterscheidet , ist die auswahl an frischen kr\u00e4utern und zutaten ! da geht das herz eines jeden hobbykochs auf ! erw\u00e4hnenswert ist an dieser stelle ist auch das unglaublich freundliche und hilfsbereite personal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "der erste gedanke war `` wow , ist das gro\u00df '' . der zweite gedanke : `` endlich ist stuttgart eine richtige gro\u00dfstadt '' . der beta-supermarkt ist ein richtig gro\u00dfer asia-supermarkt mit einem riesigen sortiment . so gibt es beispielsweise mindestens drei verschiedene arten von baby-auberginen . oder mehr als 10 sorten tiefgefrorene dim-sum-ingredienzen . oder viele unterschiedliche arten japanischen rettichs f\u00fcr sushi etc . dazu nat\u00fcrlich die 20kg-s\u00e4cke reis etc . ich bin begeistert . der markt liegt in wangen direkt gegen\u00fcber des obi-markts im ersten stock eines unscheinbaren geb\u00e4udes und ist mit der u-bahn u9 und u13 haltestelle `` hedelfinger strasse '' auch ohne auto gut zu erreichen . \u00f6ffnungszeiten sind mo.-fr . 10-20 uhr , sa . 9-20 uhr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gro\u00dfer asiasupermarkt mit u.a . frischem thai-gem\u00fcse , was wir sehr gerne selber zu hause machen . es gibt spezialit\u00e4ten aus allen teilen asiens , preislich durchaus in ordnung . \u00fcberwiegend nettes asiatisches personal das auch gerne ber\u00e4t .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hier findet man ( fast ) alles was das euro asiatische herz begehrt . nette hilfsbereite und l\u00e4chelnde mitarbeiter . bin immer wieder gerne hier", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gut sotierter laden mit reichhaltigem angebot . man sollte \u00f6ffter hingehen , damit man die verschieden lieferzeiten der lebensmittel kennt und zum beispiel wei\u00df , wann die gr\u00fcnen kokosn\u00fcsse kommen . hab ich auch schon wieder vergessen : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "egal , ob man zutaten f\u00fcr chinesischen feuertopf braucht , chinesische maultaschen , thail\u00e4ndische currypasten oder japanischer sake - hier findet man wirklich alles f\u00fcr ein richtig gutes asiatisches essen . der reis ist auch recht g\u00fcnstig im vergleich zu deutschen superm\u00e4rkten .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ich liebe diesen laden ! die auswahl ist gross , der aufbau in sich logisch und gut zu verstehen . egal , welche asiatische k\u00fcche der hobbykoch bevorzugt ( bei mir sind es thailand und vietnam ) , hier findet er eine reichhaltige auswahl . die beratung ist freundlich , kompetent und von hintergr\u00fcndigem humor , wie in meinem fall mit der krabbenpaste . voll stolz dar\u00fcber , endlich eine ganz bestimmte marke entdeckt zu haben , meinte die reizende dame an der kasse , ob ich wirklich wisse , was ich da ausgesucht h\u00e4tte . das produkt sei nur etwas f\u00fcr echte thail\u00e4nder . auf jeden fall ist es eine freude , hier zu st\u00f6bern , sich inspirieren zu lassen und am ende doch viel mehr zu kaufen , als urspr\u00fcnglich gedacht .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wenn man den eingang erstmal gefunden hat ( b\u00fcro-eingang rechts vom hilti-shop ) macht der laden richtig spass . gr\u00f6\u00dfte auswahl an asia-food die ich kenne . neben dosen , t\u00fcten und tiefk\u00fchlware gibts auch reichlich frische kr\u00e4uter & gr\u00e4ser und sogar durians , die legend\u00e4re stinkfrucht . die preise scheinen mir moderat . hoffe , der h\u00e4lt ne weile durch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like it . everything is in english ; books , classes and retreats . you decide the class or practice you want to pursue , or can ask for advise on which ones to take.. some cost no $ , some have a minimal charge . very open about it , and its inexpensive when there is a charge ( less than a movie ticket , which is my benchmark ) . i also like a sign indicating everyone is welcome , buddhists and non buddhists alike . they teach you to meditate at your own speed , and if you do n't go back nobody puts any pressure on you . i do n't like that there is very little parking around the area , so sometimes i end up having to park blocks away , or pay at the commercial ones .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went for the first time this week . it is a very beautiful temple with a peaceful atmosphere . the people there were friendly and welcoming . looking forward to returning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for some reason my review has been taken down on this page . i have been to kadampa meditation center canada and found it to be a beautiful and inspiring space in the heart of toronto . the teachings are excellent and inspiring and the folks at the center are very kind and helpful . highly recommended ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the kadampa centre is a temple about a particular faith , buddhism along the new kadam path . i do n't believe it is a cult , as brian d. says , but it is about a faith and meditation structured along that faith . the shambhala meditation centre on bloor offers open mediation most days , the kadampa centre 's general classes are structured around buddhist teachings . hope this helps .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so warm and friendly ! great relaxed environment with incredibly deep and profound spiritual teachings . normal and effective approach to spriritual transformation !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been visiting red wagon for several years now . it 's always a safe bet for in-season fresh produce & fruit . the fruits vary from great peppers , eggplants , cucumber , pumpkin , corn to fruits like juicy watermelon . peaches , apples . this place is a very family friendly especially for the kiddies . they are well known for their pumpkin festival that usually begins first sunday of october ( 12 -5 ) complete with hay ride through spooky woods ( kid friendly ) , hay maze , corn maze , caramel apple dipping , and a very nice pumpkin patch . at times it can get busy , however sunday early afternoons are a good time to go . i have taken many a great fall pictures of my little one in the pumpkin patch . for experiencing a typical ohio fall afternoon at a farm , this is a good place to go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i wanted to find a place to pick our own pumpkins . we called red wagon farm to see if we could pick there - they said yes and that they were open until 6 . when we got there , all they had were a bunch of pre-picked pumpkins behind some plastic fencing . when i asked them to point is to the direction of the pumpkin patch , the woman said she did n't even know where they were grown on the property . all they had were the pre-picked selection . we promptly left . could have gone to walmart for the same experience and gotten them cheaper . waste of an hour drive .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a great choice for the little , little ones . there is a play area for the kids , hay maze , a fun hay ride , plenty of pumpkins for sale , a store farmers market and a stand where they have food . while this farm has a lot less going on than the 'other farm , ' it 's also a lot more affordable . i did have so much money left over from the ( lack of ) entertainment , i was able to go a little crazy inside the store . we had a very moist and delicious pumpkin roll , it was n't made on premises , but was still made locally and it was really special . pumpkins , popcorn , apples , apple cider and some fresh veggies . my niece is 3 years old and she had an absolute blast . in the end , that 's all that matters . it 's just not an all day thing , after an hour or two , there 's nothing else left but to go home .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a great place for the family ! the have a pumpkin patch , hay rides , a corn maze , a children 's play area , hot food , cider , and a pumpkin lifting challenge in the fall . they also have strawberry picking in the summer which is a lot funner than it sounds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hay ride , corn maze , play area for kids . the market area is n't huge but the produce looked great . they have $ 10 all you can carry pumpkins ; i 'm not sure if it 's a better deal , but it 's pretty hilarious to find huge pumpkins and watch your sig other try to pick them all up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to take the family . the pumpkin fest in the fall is great , a lot of fun for everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite place to pick strawberries every june . you can pick 1 bucket which is equal to 4 quarts for only $ 10 . you definitely have to go when they first open as they run out of you pick fields early . if they do you can buy a quart of berries for $ 5 . inside they sell other products including a yummy strawberry lemonade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for family fall fun ! we enjoyed the pumpkin patch , good food and awesome hot apple cider . they have cute photo opportunity areas with a `` how tall this fall '' and other wooden cut outs for your little ones . the pumpkin by weight area could use more pumpkin size variety . its free to visit , no charge parking but remember to bring enough in cash or plan to make a minimum $ 10 purchase at each register in order to use credit debit card per their terms . separate register for food , pumpkin , hot prepared food , etc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well i like to give a place at least two visits before i complete a review unless something is outstanding . i really enjoyed the food and the service was great . the space was nicely decorated as well . sadly i went with a friend on saturday and they had closed the previous monday . so zing is no more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my 11 year old , who is very rarely a red meat fan , says zing is now his favorite place for a burger . my husband said he could have eaten an entire plate of the homemade potato chips . my favorite , the mac and cheese..yum ! hubby even got an order of the chorizo mac & cheese to go..ate it for breakfast this morning . food is delicious , service ( and they were busy ) was fantastic - will definitely go again . looking forward to trying them for breakfast !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had lunch there today and loved it . greeted at the door by the proprietor , who stuck out his hand and said , `` my name is james ... .welcome to my restaurant ! '' the food was very good ... the price was right ... but the best part was the old world feel of genuine hospitality . if i lived closer , this would be my daily hang-out . try it ... .you 'll love it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what an incredible way to end our spring break trip to az ! we got to see our beloved texas rangers beat the dodgers on a beautiful afternoon and then we had the best meal , service and hospitality ever at zing ! our party of 5 enjoyed 3 cheese grilled cheese , monte cristo , mac and cheese and those ever-tantilizing sweet potato fries with tiger sauce . we loved it all . james , the owner , and our server made us feel like family and the chef even came out to talk to us . we highly recommend zing for the food , atmosphere , drinks ( something james whipped up special for us ) and all at a cost that made it a tremendous value . do n't miss this spot the next time you are anywhere near the phoenix area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . favorite things : the delicious blueberry pancakes the tasty chorizo and egg tacos the fantastic burgers the surprisingly good milk mixed drink that james makes the yummy champagne martinis the wonderful desserts the excellent chili with a gazillion ingredients the outstanding service the friendly wait-staff the food and drinks are wonderful but what will always keep us coming back is the great service and the people ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an awesome place ! the atmosphere is very comfortable , the service and food were excellent . the owner james came to meet us and tell us about the food and restaurant ... i have never met a nicer restaurant owner ! we felt like we 've known him for years ! my husband and i got burgers ( i got the cardinal , he got the diablo ) . both were excellent and extremely tasty . i got the sweet potato fries , which were perfectly cooked , but maybe just a bit too salty for my taste . next time we for sure will try the cajun mac-n-cheese , it sounded delicious . and i have to say that they have a great music soundtrack that they play in the restaurant- you have good taste james ! we eat out often and will definitely add zing to our dining rotation . ha !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every now and then i obsess over certain things- food , shoes , clothing , songs , etc ... and now i 'm totally obsessed with the cheese fries at the new zing 's ! i do n't usually like real cheese on my fries , but the wonderful lady chef thoughtfully perfected the cheese by melting real cheddar into their awesome mac n cheese sauce . so it 's very flavorful and actually quite dangerously good . and did i mention they 're just $ 3 ? love , love , love !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing all around . like a good burger and do n't want to drive to delux , or just want something new . delicious food that sets the bar at a real reasonable price . try the monte cristo . amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was brought here by a friend of mine who raved about the veggie grilled cheese sandwich . i had fully intended to get the same sandwich myself until i saw that they offered a monte cristo . i have n't had a monte cristo since the last time i was at disneyland ( at the blue bayou ) so nostalgia won out . my sandwich and home made potato 'chips ' were fantastic ( i added a little malt vinegar and salt to them ) - and for a drink i had delicious iced green tea ( which somehow tasted like fruit loops ) . i 'll be back next time i 'm in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "glad to see zing opened in downtown glendale . have been there twice and have had the same thing , and only because i am a sucker for a good burger . and the burgers are really good ! ! ! ! i ca n't wait to try breakfast . zing is a welcomed addition to the downtown area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love zing . seriously i eat there all the time . the burgers are perfectly spiced , juicy and meaty ! i always get tiger sauce for my fries and it 's so good . ( if you like spicy food ) last week i had the philly cheese steak ( it was a special on the menu for the week ) so good ! brought it home and ate it alone so nobody could see me pig out on this one ! lol . i enjoy american food when it 's done right and zing does it right ! - p.s- i even had a salad once ... omg best croutons i 've had in my life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little place in downtown glendale . nice service and atmosphere . a little different take on the menu , it list the type of sandwiches , then you decide if you want chicken or a burger on it . yummy sandwiches . another hidden jewel in glendale .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great atmosphere , friendly staff , reasonable pricing , pretty good food . there is a wide variety on the menu . the burgers taste like what i make at home , but saltier . i think their secret ( as is mine ) is montreal steak seasoning in the patty . i could be wrong , but it tastes like mine , but much saltier . they need a diaper changing station in the bathroom - at least they have highchairs ! the mac n cheese is yummy , the coleslaw is bland , the fries are pretty good . ask for the dipping sauce to add an extra bite . ( as far as burgers go , i prefer smashburger . )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went for a weekend buffet . biggest pet peeve of mine : when weekend buffet is more expensive than weekday buffet ! like really , how much more will i eat on the weekend vs the weekday ? ? i understand the economics behind it but it is annoying . okay . well since i aired that , i will still visit mint on the weekends if i was in the area ( maybe just give the $ 30 bill for 2 a side eye ) . love the variety . my bf is a meat eater unlike myself . he never complains when i drag him to buffets at vegan indian restaurants but i feel bad for him . so i have been looking for places that have buffets and both vegans and otherwise . mint indian cuisine fits the bill . the food was on the spicy side ( a plus for me ) , a good variety of desserts , and my favorite sambusa ( aka samosa ) . love that they have dosas for order . will try some next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i found this restaurant lovely with very friendly staff and authentic south indian food . with my experience at eating in indian restaurants in us soil ( which is many ) i have picked up the knack to choose the dishes based of the staff cook . as i realized the staff is from south i made a conscious effort to order accordingly and the dishes turned out great.. below is the gist of experience . best dishes : dosa , sambhar , rasam , biryani authenticity : 9 10 service : 9 10 ( they are a little easy during lunch buffet , at dinner you feel as though you are eating at your grandma 's place ) hygiene:8 10 ambience : 8 10 tip : for dinner they have some attractive offers such as buy one dosa get one free on tuesdays", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my fiance and i really loved the food at karaikudi , and were hoping for a similar experience with the changes to `` mint . '' the prices went up by at least $ 3 per dish for vegetarian main dishes and several of my favorites are now gone . the samosas were decent , but everything else was somewhat unremarkable . add to that the fact that the server disappeared after taking our plates and we had to flag someone down to get and pay our bill . i was hoping that the changes would be subtle and it would still be the best place in town for indian food : not so much . everyone was very nice , but i ca n't justify paying more for food that is n't as good and subpar service . we will not be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went here based on the reviews from yelp and i have to admit , this place is so good ! my boyfriend and i shared 2 dishes , chicken tikka masala and spinach dahl . excellent flavor . we will definitely be back ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were greeted quickly and seated within 1 minute of our arrival ( the restaurant was very slow ) . the staff treated us very nicely from start to finish . always kept the water full and checked on us a few times . we ordered the samosa which was great . the two sauces that they provided were very tasty and great compliments . we ordered the chicken tikka masala and the chicken kari ( both requested spicy ) . the tikka was mild and the gravy was a bit on the sweet side for us . the kari was mild as well and lacked the pepper flavor we were looking for . the chicken in both dishes were hit and miss . the dark meat was cooked fine but the white meat was inedible . you could not cut it with a fork or bite through it . was not good ! we also ordered naan which met our expectations . we would recommend this restaurant for sure ! we believe we had a bad night for chicken is all . it happens and we understand that . cheers always !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i got tired of their repeating menu on the buffet . also during their weekdays buffet items are not many as they offer lesser price compared to the weekend .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been waiting for a dosa since 1 hr and when ever i ask them they say 5 mins.worst service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent food , especially the chicken tikka masala . i have been there three times past month , the only reservation is the tandoori chicken flucates with taste i think with different cooks . the taste is very good when they i think steam the chicken . good people work there also .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mint indian restaurant fantastic indian cuisine and a maitre d ( sam ) who will guide you to the best consumer experience you are likely to get in scottsdale . if only we could find more maitre d 's like sam .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great south indian food . came back for the weekend buffet and thats great as well . a special mention to the servers here . they are the most nicest people you will meet so kind and generous . chandru leads the way with his amazingly kind attitude and special effort to make guest feel really happy . 4 stars for the food and a top star for customer service . thanks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well we could barely understand the server.. had to have her repeat several times.. no draft beer and beer we had was warm ... ipa not good warm ! dinner was ok ... ran out of water long time before server returned ... will probably stick to marigold maison , closer to home , better communication , more welcoming and better beer selection", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good indian food around scottsdale area i should say . its not authentic but sure worth the money .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had lunch with our family today . buffet food was outstanding ! service was excellent ! ! highly recommend it . our family will be back for sure ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've read the other reviews . today i tried mint because because i just moved here and it 's near my house . we love butter chicken and saag palak paneer . i 've had a lot of trouble when i 've moved finding versions which compare to the one from palo alto , ca . this was not the same , but the flavors were delicious and very complex . the take out did take forever , but last i checked indian food takes a while . i thought the staff were polite . there were a couple who did n't appear to speak english . maybe culturally we should forget that this is not a 5 star restaurant and expect that type of service . i find ethnically chinese restaurants get bad reviews for service . i 'm looking forward to trying other dishes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "military friendly ! went there for lunch with my husband because we were in the area . not only the food is delicious , the service is exceptional as well ! someone instantly bought our lunch and the staff treated us as special guests . very grateful and humbled !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was bland ( buffet ) . what 's worse was the glass that i was served water in smelled horrible . i see lacking professionalism .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great greasy spoon ! so much food ! some days i think about ordering my meal with out the home fries , but then think again . the staff are amazing ! ask for stacey , she 's so much fun and is always fast ! she 's just about to have a baby and this girl can still move ! it 's a great hang over place and the prices are reasonable . on the other hand the bathrooms leave something to be desired .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a nice variety of food and all-day breakfast is nice . however , i went there on lunch and got back to work late . service was n't slow per-se , but it 's not good for those on time constraint . still , it 's great for groups who all have something different they 're itching for ! not good if you have allergies , though . they may have changed it since i went , but i notified the server of my food allergy , but she did n't check with the kitchen to see if there would be an issue with my meal , so i got pretty sick after .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wimpy 's diner is the best place to go and have great food and a lot of fun with the staff . the girls are amazing especially annette and chris jenna and karen 's daughters the whole entire family it 's just amazing the atmosphere is warm and inviting . the food is always hot and delicious no matter what you get to eat it is always tasty and delectable i know because i have practically eating everything off of the menu . i recommend this restaurant to families to anyone or groups and friends gathering together for a great time the cooks nick and chris are fantastic . i have to admit that for the past 18 years it has been my favorite place to go to and i highly recommend this restaurant to the people of newmarket and surrounding area you always have smiles and laughter when you go into wimpys diner . i love you guys at wimpys you 're fabulous . hooray ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is very cool ! great 50 's diner vibe with booths , jukeboxes , funky old signs and art . service was mostly friendly and efficient and the food was pretty darn good . one of the best veggie burgers i 've ever had ! big portions . huge step up from your regular fast food joints , $ 13.00 veggie combo , while it appears pricey , is actually pretty fair for the quality quantity you get . call me a fan !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's good breakfast place or hamburger place to eat in or dine out so give it try when your here the service is very good", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location has fallen out of favour . stopping in for a nice breakfast , there was not a lot to praise . starting with a cup of decaf , i was told they only serve instant decaf . strike one . the 3 egg breakfast came with a mound of fried potatoes , that were throughly over salted . strike two . like many , i enjoy pb & j on my toast . the waitress brought the jam , but no peanut butter . being allergen free was the excuse , but i do n't buy it . wimpy 's on yonge in aurora still serves peanut butter . strike three . back to the minors for you !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "was in the area and had a hankering for a burger . thankfully a wimpy was nearby , and they never seem to fail me . the service here was quick , friendly and efficient . food arrived quickly , piping hot and fresh . they had a few other little things that was new on the menu that we tried and they were just as tasty as we expected .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this spot anytime i 'm in town and looking for a morning bite . the food is always consistently good , the staff is always super friendly and it 's a fun atmosphere with all of the 50 's & 60 's memorabilia on the walls .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent place for a big weekend breakfast . you just have to get there early cause sometimes it seems as if most of newmartket like it as well . portion size is ample and the food is delicious . it 's not fancy high dining just solid diner greasy spoon fair . great service from old fashioned waitstaff that are friendly and helpful and call everyone `` hun '' . prices are reasonable and you do get your money 's worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the real greasy spoon diner concept . fun place to pig out . large portions and a reasonable price . not for the diet or nutritionally concuss . staff is very friendly and helpful . this is a family owned restaurant and it shows in the attitude . try the liver and onions . they got it right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so happy that they have a moroccan restaurant close to me ! we had a very pleasant experience here : ) the decorations were great and the seats are comfortable . we had their tea , favas salad , baked fish , lamb , panna cotta , and pastilla . the food was very flavorful and the presentation of it wonderful ! the portions were neither too large nor too small , i left feeling satisfied . the staff were all wonderful and they were all moroccan so you knew the food was authentic . they also have belly dancing ! this restaurant is a must try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally a restaurant in vegas that serves authentic moroccan food ! ! went there with friends last night and had so much fun we will definitely go back soon ! atmosphere was great bally dancer danced around all night the owner alex was very nice and came out to give recommendations and explanation on he 's moroccan dishes . kira was our waitress super nice and smiles a lot : ) we had the moroccan salad plate and the spreads and the swiss chard for start and short ribs lamb mechoui and lamb shank for main course we finished with moroccan tea , cream brolle and almond filo for dessert needless to say that everything was super delicious and we had a blast ! ! ca n't wait to go there again i definitely recommend this place to everyone who loves good food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this place . saw it while we ate at the outback the previous night and decided to go all in tuesday night . well worth the risk , the ambiance , the smells , the seating , the presentation were all amazing . i honestly could not have asked for more , maybe hot topless waitresses , i mean we are in vegas right ? food was amazing , old man got meatballs which he said were amazing . the smaller older brother got lamb chops which he said were great . i had the lamb couscous . marvellous meal , worth the price , and i did not have the shits afterwards !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent meal , terrific service even the wines were unique , high quality for a good price . overall a great night out . we had the carrot salad which was different then any we had before and quite taste . followed by lamb and beef both very flavorful , loved the side of cumin and red pepper hummus . argana is a must , do n't miss this hidden gem in our local neighborhood , we were in and out in less then 90 minutes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first visit to argana and i liked everything about it . i have never given a 5 star review and i rarely give 4 star reviews . we started with the spreads and pita . the olive spread was excellent . also shared a chicken pastille with nuts . at first i thought it was a little dry but the more i ate it , the more i was addicted to it . for dinner i had the chicken tagine . i would have liked just one more potato wedge but it was one of the best chicken dishes , of any cuisine , that i have ever eaten . i hope more people find this hidden gem . it 's the kind of business that makes vegas a great place to live .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! wow ! and wow ! we read the yelp reviews and just had to try this place . the reviews are 110 % correct . service was great and food unique and wonderful . we started with spreads and harira soup . spreads were creamy and great with warm pita . soup was marriage of flavors ( tomato , lentil , chickpea and lemon ) . entrees were short ribs and lamb . both melted in our mouths . on to desert ... cream br\u00fbl\u00e9e and pinna cotta . creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e had delightful crunchy crust and pinna cotta was refreshing and tasty . we will be back soon . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best moroccan food ! ! ! love from entries till dessert ! ! ! no matter what you order you will not regret it but love it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful meal , decor , entertainment ( belly dancer ) , and drinks . we hot the royal couscous . all the meat was very tender . for appetizers the moroccan salad and hummus . both great . my husband was born in morocco and really enjoyed this place . we will be back for sure ! they even have a great moroccan wine ( see photo ) . it was a friday and not too busy . the owner even came around to check on all the tables which was a nice touch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called to set up an appointment after purchasing a groupon . sounded like something fun to do before getting married . no place on the groupon it said can not be used on your wedding day . ( i was not using on my wedding day . ) nikki s. said the coupon could not be used as it she was building up her clientele in las vegas and she could not do $ 180.00 session for $ 25.00 . then why advertise ? very miss leading . i have now read her profile and reviews . i 'm sure she does great work but i will not be going using the services . she was rude on the phone for no reason .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "she was super sweet with a rockin personality . constant smiles with endless humor . nikki was very professional and made me feel so comfortable i did n't even get the chance to be shy . oh by the way have you 've seen my awesome tan ; ) no tan lines !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nikki rocks ! so excited she was able to come and make me look fabulous for my out of town wedding . from the airbrush tan , to hair extensions , to my eyelash extensions and my day of hair and makeup it made my perfect day even more perfect . thank you nikki for all you did . you are the best . even thoug we do not live in the same town i always schedule hair appointment when i go to towncause she is by far the best around . beauty in vegas came to chicago and i could not have been more delighted ! amazing work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased the groupon for airbrush makeup and lashes . as a result of getting a beauty treatment from this salon , i awoke the next day with an extremely painful swollen eye and had to visit the eye doctor . the eye doctor prescribed me antibiotic eye meds and told me to avoid returning to the salon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really would not recommend nikki . the air brush make up was nice but she did n't like it when we told her we did n't like what she has done and kept saying she was the professional and she knows best ! a few of the people in the group got the eye lashes and they all barley lasted until the wedding was over . they just did not stay on . nikki was very pushy with offering other services and never told u the price until after it was completed and it ended up costing a 4times as much as it should . look at other options when considering beauty i would not recommend at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i recently had a great experience with nikki of beauty in vegas . i had a living social coupon and decided to use it for my 40 birthday dinner night out . nikki went above and beyond making me feel comfortable . she knows her stuff and during the appointment i asked many questions . she explained everything during the whole process of the makeup session . for an additional cost she did my hair as well ! i got so many compliments on my makeup and hair during the evening . i will continue to use nikki when i need to attend events . she is amazing and she has found a new customer ! thank you again nikki !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "makeup & hair stylist nikki segal of beauty in vegas is amazing ! if you are in need of beautiful and professional hair & makeup for a special occasion while in las vegas , check out her website and look at the photo gallery . they come to you and that 's greatly appreciated . also , air brush makeup , pretty cool !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had my make-up and eyelash extensions done today . got the groupon and set up my appointment for early this morning . sundays and mondays are by appointment only so if you go by and you see the closed sign but have an appointment , she is there ! nikki was very friendly , very professional , and very knowledgeable . she explained each product and made sure i was happy with the shades before fully applying everything . the extensions are really cool . i 've never done them before and these are the clusters ( instead of the individual lash extensions ) so they were faster and still look really full . the whole appointment took only about 30 minutes from start to finish . i 'm very happy with how everything looks and even though she did warn me that i need to keep the lashes dry for the next 24 hours and avoid bumping them ; they 're staying on amazingly well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my hair & makeup done and my daughter 's hair done for my wedding . nikki was great at answering all my questions as quickly as i emailed her . price is pretty good too . kim & pam arrived at my hotel room as scheduled and had us done in no time . i hate getting my hair & makeup done , but they were very professional and made it fun the whole time . thanks girls , you were great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought i had wrote a review on nikki but when i came to yelp to look up her number to call her to schedule another appointment for my birthday this week i saw i did n't . well i got a living social deal for $ 30 and like jessica k said my paper did have the fine print of not for a wedding and nikki did tell me that once i scheduled my appointment . i have never done airbrush makeup but nikki was sweet and walk me through everything . she even told me everything she was doing . that 's why i am going back . i want that same glamour photo she gave me for my anniversary for my birthday . i wish i could post a picture but what i will do is change my profile picture to show what she did . i loved it . only reason i did n't give 5 stars is because my lashes did n't stay on all night . not sure if it 's because i wear contacts but they did n't stay on all night . but the makeup did and i loved it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nikki was so amazing with my gorgeous makeup ! she also sprayed tanned me and the color was gorgeous . she is so professional and runs on time . i highly recommend nikki ! thank you for making me feel pretty !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really great teas , but make sure you get it less sweet in my opinion . the normal sweetness is wayyyyy too sweet . i sometimes go as far as getting 30 % sugar . grass jelly is the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "downtown chatime location gets 5 stars largely because of their quick service and that is exactly what the finch location lacks ! because it is a chain joint , the drinks do n't taste any different to me compared to the other two locations ( yes , including newly opened markham one ) . the staff at this chatime are just so slow at making drinks . i thought i 'd cut them some slack for being a new location but after more than a month of opening they 're still relatively slow . note ! ! ! ! the washroom is very inconspicuous , causing patrons to often mistake the door entrance . as much as it 's slightly funny to see people walk into the staff backroom instead of the washroom , this kind of lack of human design should be fixed asap for the ease of people 's chatime experiences . so to all those visiting this chatime in the future and want to go to the washroom , the door is hidden on the wooden wall on your left !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down , best bubble tea franchise . i wish it had more and nicer seats .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh god where do i start . so my friend and i were so looking forward to getting some chatime after dinner . we order , get our drinks for takeout , and leave . just as we take our first sips in the car , we find that the tapioca is severely undercooked and impossible to chew . what the heck . i 'm lucky to not have experienced indigestion after the many attempts to just suck it up and literally , suck the tapioca up . i ordered the matcha latte drink , and it was so powdery . i know that with matcha it 's generally difficult to get the consistency right , but damn this drink was like sandpaper to the throat . really disappointed , and wo n't be coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best bubble tea in the gta ! the very first chatime opened in the downtown core near bay and dundas over 2 years ago and they have been booming since ! the north york location is by far the best offering consistency and quality bubble tea . you 'll find lineups out the door but it moves pretty quickly . i like the fact that they have a top 10 menu which allows newcomers to try any of these drinks that wont disappoint . if the weather is warmer i usually get the honey oolong milk tea or hazelnut milk tea or on a colder day , their hot drinks such as the sweet potato almond milk tea is my fave ! truly authentic bubble tea that tastes great every time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't even want to give chatime half a star . i bought honeydew milk tea with aloe vera jelly and it was disgusting . my drink looks and tastes like regular tea even though the label says honeydew milk tea . the aloe vera jelly was also disappointing . the customer service was horrible . i was hoping to order my drink in the super cup and instead of explaining that i am unable to order certain drinks , i was given a vague answer . i had to find out why by myself through the internet . it would have been much more convenient to the paying costumer if they could at least explain or answer my questions . the music was so loud making it easy for the employees to dismiss me . this place is not worth my time and money . i will not be coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my new favourite bubble tea in toronto . if i worked lived any closer , it would be dangerous . everything i 've tried on their menu is great . the flavours taste natural , not overly sweet and i love that you can customize your sugar and ice levels . prices are cheaper than a lot of other bubble tea places at less than $ 5 for a large drink without tax . my go to order is the milk tea topped with red bean . the green tea smoothie 's so thick , it 's actually quite filling . the roasted rice tea has a great smokey flavour and the chocolate hazelnut tastes like nutella ! there is always a line though , sometimes out the door . there is n't much seating and it 's almost impossible to grab a table . the tables at the front of the store is usually surrounded by the queue of people waiting to order .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "k i am really pissed with the cashier staff at this time . the only reason i came here was that i had a buy one get one offer from vicinity . i told them my phone number and showed them the message on my phone . but they said i needed to provide my card . i 'm like wtf . vicinity allows you to use your phone number in place of your card like almost every other place . so pissed off i just wrote this review right as i got into my car . i would be too pissed a mood to drive home if i did n't . fyi to the owner if they actually care . it 's 8:26pm .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like that you can customize things like your sugar and ice levels in your drinks . their drinks are also consistently good , but my favourite has to be their most popular , the milk tea . i ca n't remember what it 's actually called , as i just order a `` number one '' . as for extras , i only order tapioca . their bubble tea is honestly the best i 've ever tried . the decor is also modern , but the bathrooms are hard to find . and prices are moderate . however , on weekends , particularly in the evening , there are literally lineups out the door . and it does n't help that the staff do n't make drinks quickly . however , in spite of the aforementioned , their bubble tea is still good enough to make me come back over and over again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love chatime ! ! i usually drop in early sundays and the man behind the counter in always very friendly the bubble tea always tastes delicious and the store always looks bright and clean . two thumbs up every time ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally got to try the famous chatime ! ( i mean i had to . have you seen my bubble tea list ? if you have n't then you should ; ) ) like many other taiwanese tea shops popping up you can customize your ice and sugar levels , which is always a bonus . i tried the matcha bubble tea and also their taro bubble tea . both were great , with special kudos to the taro one because for once it was n't the fluorescent purple powdery kinds , and i can taste legit taro in the drink . i also like that they have a large menu , since sometimes you do get tired of the same ol types of bubble tea . over all , loved it ! plus they have a points card , so will definitely return to earn a free drink !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good : you ca n't go wrong with chatime . it offers one of the best bubble tea in gta . most of the drinks are consistently good . bad : it may be busy during weekend . parking is difficult to find .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chatime seems to be popping up everywhere now . this location is great if you are in the yonge finch area as it is just south of the finch subway station . parking might be an issue , but here are paid meter parking right outside the store ( free parking after 10 pm ) i guess i was lucky to be here on a weekday afternoon with practically no one around.. no line and i got served immediately . just like most of the chatime i am been to , the staff here never looks like they are happy to work here ... i do my roasted milk tea with pearls ( $ 4.70+ $ 0.50 ) . ps they have donuts for sale too ... i do n't know if i really want a donut with my bbt though..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this location is very busy but it 's a great place for bbt . my fav : grass jelly roasted milk tea .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this chatime is in a very convenient location just a short walk from finch station . it gets really busy during off work hours . even during work hours there is a short line between around 5 minutes wait . thy always play mandarin and taiwanese music , the staff are not too friendly but they seem efficient . whenever i come to chatime i always order a matcha latte or a matcha redbean milk tea with tapioca . their drinks are usually consistent good quality .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've had chatime in australia , which seems to be more ubiquitous than here in toronto , and you 'd think for a multi-national company it would have some standards on how their beverages taste but sadly there 's just no continuity . i find the milk teas in toronto to be more stronger in tea side when compared to the milk teas of the said company in australia and that to me is a bit off putting . the only good thing is the consistency of the drink : not too thin watery but not too thick milky - too thick can be off-putting while too thin can make it feel like you 're drinking water than milk . please chatime : standardize the way your milk teas taste cos i have the feeling that you ai n't using the same tea as your shops in other countries .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place can reach full house quick and you tend to get trapped in between herds of students but the rain made way to a line-free 2 minute wait to bubbletea # 1 50 % sweet and less ice . chatime made me like bubble tea again . one standard color for their straws which makes life easier and in hygienic ready to grab plastic . the choice on sweetness level demonstrated giving a damn about their customer 's daily dose of sugar and personal taste , or being set apart from the many bubbletea joints in toronto takes tea time with ice to the next level . good quality tea base and their taro drink really is the non chemical induced stuff . i got so used to the fake version that it ended up overwhelming me . sadly , not the best tasting one coming from someone who loves ube ice cream cake and anything taro . other faves # 2 and the matcha latte . i will try all flavors because i 've got tea swag like that . tips to follow ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you live in north york or frequently visit this area then its safe to assume that you are familiar with the infamous chatime lineup . today i decided to try it out and see what the fuss is all about . it was cold so i ordered hot tea and milk . it was warm and fresh . service was quick and friendly . prices are reasonable but keep in mind this is k-town and you can easily get bubble tea for $ 3.99 anywhere else . decor is brought to you by ikea . if you look up you will see wooden rectangles hanging from the ceiling ( i thought that was fascinating ) . washroom door blends in nicely with the wall . free wifi . k-pop was playing in the background . a ok overall . i still fail to see why the lineup and what the fuss is all about .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i and my girlfriend visited to my relative in north york on sunday . at the end of the day , i bought two bubble tea , one for me and one for my girlfriend . 2 hours later , when we were in highway to comeback home , both of us had stomach ache . so , we had to take exit highway , and drive round and round to find public washroom . the quality of bubble tea took us to this bad situation , so i never come here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the markham location is opening this month ( october 2013 ) . sorry about the confusion . they tweeted me saying `` we will let you know as soon as we are ready ! ''", "score": "4"}
{"review": "customer service is horrible . it is just located at a very convenient location . honestly , if there was a ten rens across the street , i would go there in a heartbeat .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it looked crowded , but service was quick . i was n't able to get a seat , but it was a nice area for a walk and the weather was good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they opened a chatime in north york ! ? dangerous . the great thing about his location is that it 's so close to me , off the subway and the best part ? not too many people inside . usually when i go to the one downtown , there 's always a bunch of people sitting inside . my friend and i quickly got a seat inside . the one thing that was entertaining was that people were searching for the washroom . it 's located next to the garbage and sort of hidden inside the wall . you 'll see . my recommended drink ? logan and red date .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here once and the milk tea was quite good . i got the large pudding milk tea and the taste from the drink to the pudding is like soya-based . it was very unique . i think this location has the best milk tea compared to other franchise location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love chatime ! they also have millecrepe cake and other desserts . i get taro slush with coconut jelly . if you love taro like i do , be warned that the taro milk tea has a grainy texture that i did n't like hence why i get the slush . the flavours are more rich than other bubble tea places . sometimes there 's a long line , other times you can order right away . just depends on timing and luck", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the milk tea is okay but the straw and the packaging drove me nuts . i paid 5 dollars ca n't u repackage my milk tea with something that wo n't let me spill the tea everywhere", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a few weeks ago when i ordered milk tea with tapioca at this chatime , i ended up with milk tea and half a cup of raw tapioca ... as in tapioca so hard i had trouble using the straw and could barely swallow after chewing for ages . i have n't ordered any drinks with tapioca from this location ever since . i also once got extremely ill after drinking their milk tea ( it could n't have been anything other than the drink seeing as i had n't eaten yet ) and it does n't seem very clean there so i suspect my drink that time may have been contaminated ( so gross to think about ) . i 've actually been brave enough to venture back and give them another chance , and at least i have n't experienced food poisoning again . to be fair , their roasted milk tea and winter melon tea is quite delicious . it 's enough to keep me going here but i would n't recommend the tapioca .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is our go-to bubble tea place ! our favourites are : chatime original , roasted milk tea , strawberry milk tea , qq grapefruit . stay away from : hazelnut chocolate ( very artificial tasting ) . they also let you choose your sugar and ice level , which seems to be a new fad coming in from asia . we always get less ice and find that 50 % sugar is plenty sweet enough , and in some cases ( strawberry milk tea ) still too sweet . also was n't a fan of their energy drinks but that is a matter of preference . if you go often , definitely get one of their loyalty cards ( 10 drinks any size = 10 stamps , and get the next regular sized drink free ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location introduced us to chatime and we love it ! this place is always busy and service is pretty efficient . the best is # 2 , the roasted tea with grass jelly . wish they had more fresh fruity flavours . parking here sometimes is a pain and watch out for the fire hydrant right in front of the store !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i come here often . i 'm addicted . my favorite drinks are : grass jelly roasted milk tea jasmine green milk tea honey green tea red bean green tea smoothie ( brain freeze will occur ) mango green tea there service is a hit or miss . the cashier may or may not be friendly . but they make their drinks within 2 minutes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious bubble tea , quick service , and awesome customizable options . i wish chatime came to the states . if you have n't already , try the mango green tea -- it 's my favorite . lychee green is pretty good , too . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best bubble tea in the city ! caramel milk tea with grass jelly is my favourite . i 've enjoyed everything i 've tried so far .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grew up in the area and this bakery has been a staple of the community and is my goto for bakery , deli , and specialty food items . family owned and operated , fragapane 's has long been reliable for delivering outstanding service and products . the variety and quality of their pastries is unmatched . delicious and fresh but still rustic and comforting . their canolli , eclairs , seven layer cake , danish , donuts , napoleon-its all great . bread and rolls too . their potato salad is something of legend to those who know it . it is the best . pizza , deli meats and cheeses and other side items are great too . ive used fragapanes over the years to cater many events and their accuracy , timing , and preparation is always superb . cakes , deli trays , pastry trays etc . always well done with exactly what i order . i ca n't say enough great things about them . their commitment to authenticity and quality is unwavering and i prefer patronizing local establishments that provide a warmth and uniqueness thats hard to find in today 's economic machine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "buy the frozen pizza dough , add some pastries , and all will be right in your world .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious baked goods and deli sandwiches ! ! i try to just get what i go in there for but i always walk out with more ... i included their take out menu since it 's not posted anywhere !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would like to say `` thank you so much ! '' for the birthday cake i ordered for saturday ( : i asked for the wedding cake with chocolate cake instead white it was so amazingly good ! we loved it ! i just moved here from southern california and i found the bakery i will only be going to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a great experience and best donuts in cleveland , hands down ! i go there for all my bakery needs and i always need donuts on sunday when i can ! hopefully the service and quality stays the same because i 'm happy whenever i go there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they 're there when i need them and always with a smile . i use the chagrin falls office mostly for business travels and i usually get a better car than i signed up for . i will continue to stick with them for all my business and personal travels . besides , with a pnc and dunkin donuts across the street , who could ask for more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff at this location is truly top knotch , peter , karl and brandon . these guys are all about service . i rent from them about every other week for business and they get me in and out quick and the invoices are always simple and easy to understand . they have a nice variety of cars available including pickups and luxury vehicles however you need to book those in advance to ensure they have it for you . cars always run great and are super clean . be sure to note your fuel before you leave as most of their cars dont have a full tank of gas which is different than renting from an airport location where the fuel tank almost always starts at full .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this enterprise location in the highway auto garage building is like a local shop ... friendly , they know me , and it 's easy to rent there . all my car rentals are through this enterprise location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an update for my local enterprise i see i entered one a while back with an `` on the road '' version ... mike m. 's experience dovetails with my own and tali as a manager . she has very solid common sense and a positive attitude . i 've experienced quite a few managers in my past 10+ years of renting from this locale ranging from great to `` not so much '' . hope we hold on to her for a little while , however , something tells me that will not be the case and some other location will become the beneficiary . she has a nice team there now though to carry it forward ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in a huge bind when my brand new subaru crosstreck was hit by a rock on the freeway the same week i bought it and i was supposed to be taking in on a road trip in 2 days ! chuck worked out a great deal for me , beating every prior quote i had received and because of the rain coming our way , he hurried to my house to get the job done on time so that the weather did n't ruin anything . he was so nice and professional and i would highly recommend his services ! he did a great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pride auto glass came out to fix my truck window and i was very impressed with their service , they were able to fix it a lot faster than i expected and the technician was very professional and friendly . they also took care of the insurance part all i had to do was ok it over the phone . i was really surprised that he even vacuumed out all the broken glass pieces from my truck . i highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just wanted to give a big double thumbs up to chuck at pride auto glass . my truck took a rock to the passenger side front window from some fool around midnight on tue wed . i called chuck at 11 am next morning and he was there installing my new one at a great price shortly after noon . prompt , convenient , courteous and professional service means i will use and recommend chuck pride auto glass from now on . thanks chuck !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic service ! chuck was out for my windshield repair within 2 hours of having called him . friendly and professional . i would recommend him to any of my friends and family if the need arises . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service . very friendly , fast and professional . pricing was very competitive and straight forward i called and asked for a price and thats what i paid . i could n't have asked for a better experience overall . i would highly recommend pride to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chuck at pride offers excellent service ! he was convenient , fast and friendly ! what started as a small chip , soon turned into a large crack due to the az heat . chuck came to my house that same week and took care of everything ! he also went to my husbands work weeks prior to replace his windshield as well ! you wo n't be disappointed ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service . i 've had chuck come out for two different car windshields and each time the experience has been great . he 's super friendly , professional and i had great results both times . the price he quotes is exactly what i paid , and he 's always on time . highly recommend to anybody", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was a little eerie walking into this place at 6 am and having 3 old guys stare at me while i walked from the side door to the counter . this was my first visit to a country style in probably 15 years . i was n't really impressed with the muffin selection as they all seemed to be really boring options ; nothing fun like tim horton 's fruit explosion muffin . i did n't let this fact affect my rating though since one little location in etobicoke ca n't be blamed for a corporately mandated muffin menu . i gave these guys 3 stars because it was a pretty standard experience . they got my order right , i did n't get coffee instead of tea . the staff greeted me , were n't overly friendly , but were n't grumpy either . the place was clean and tidy . nothing super fantastic about the experience and nothing poor about it either .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first time trying one of these grilled sandwiches at country style . i got the tuscan turkey . i really liked the pictures that tell me what 's in it without a description . it 's on a square flat thin kaiser but toasted . the bread to stuff ratio was pretty good . and you can have different sauces like peppercon ranch , honey mustard etc", "score": "3"}
{"review": "in search of a particular greek cd , i found this place . greek city video has more than just video 's . they have a large selection of cd 's , books , toys for kids , some clothing and more . funny thing , they sell religious christian items and anti-christian books ; hunh ? they carry cd 's of the most popular albums , documentaries and movies in greece . the store is organized and clean which makes it easier to browse . i find most of their items to be overpriced , as i 've found the same items that they have in other stores for less . the staff is helpful but do n't come off too friendly . however , once in a while you have someone working there who is always watching you which makes looking around a little uncomfortable . overall , greek city video is an okay store to purchase greek cd 's & dvd 's , if you want to get ripped off .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "you 're really not going to find much browsing in this store , it 's more of a place you come to if you 're a greek expat or greek-canadian looking for books , cds and sports gear from greece . i have been studying greek language for the past 9 or so months now , so i come in here often to browse the book selection . lots of children 's books but they have a good assortment of adults books , both by greek authors and english ones translated into greek . my only complaint about this store is the prices . damn ! i know these items are being imported from greece , but i ca n't justify paying $ 40 dollars for a novel or $ 20 for a children 's book . or $ 30 for a cd ! it 's a great place to pick up a gift for a greek speaking friend though , if you are willing to drop considerable cash .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went in once just to get a sense of greek culture . especially in terms of movies . however , the person working there rushed me out of the store because i was n't greek .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "walking by this store i spotted some chess and checkers games in the window so i thought i 'd pop in and check it out . the store was not what i was expecting but still interesting . the front part of the store has children 's clothing and some toys games . the far wall is lined with children 's books all written in greek . the back part has hundreds of greek cd 's . i did n't venture upstairs . the gentleman working was busy with another customer but still said hello when i came in and thanked me when i left . if you 're interested in classic disney vhs tapes ( in english ) that are still in their original cellophane wrapping then check these guys out . they 're collectors items now and are selling at $ 50 each . february food-free yelping challenge 16 29", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am such a weakness when i step into a european bakery ... when i see all those big , chubby , doughy bread all on display.. i want to smell them and just could not decide which one to get ! epi breads ... i can smell those oh so fresh oh so carbs oh so soft oh so textured bread when i step inside the store ... all butter croissants ( $ 2.10 ) - quite flaky and buttery outside - soft and doughy inside ... i have to come back and try the other offerings , which looks mighty interesting ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my favorite thing they used to make is the small individual apple pies . sadly they did n't have them last year . they make some great butter tarts and they 're so large , one could feed a family of four . i 'm slightly exaggerating . the flourless cake has a bitter flavor so is not good for someone who wants a sweet treat . the last thing i tried was a peanut butter cookie , which was the worst peanut butter cookie i 've ever tasted . it was so bland , you could barely taste the peanut butter . that would be the only criticism i would have . otherwise , order ahead if you 're buying something during the holidays before they sell out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "how do you combine spotty customer service and excellent food ? i guess 4-stars would do it , mainly cause i only spend there 5 minutes at most , versus enjoying the food . so : the food is excellent . i 've mainly had their breads and pastries , and the pastries are simply amazing . i do not think i have ever had a yummier croissant in my life ( with the exception of real french bakeries in montreal ) . they are all delicious , but my all-time favourite is the chocolate and almond croissant . just unbearably good . the service can be somewhat spotty -- usually , the cashiers bakers are really nice , but the older lady ( who i reckon is the owner ) is quite moody . sometimes she 's quite nice , at other times she 's super dismissive and unfriendly . that 's what taints the overall experience for me , but as i said , the pastries are excellent so i 'll led that one slip . but she for sure needs to check herself every once in a while .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we definitely paid too much for such a loud , noisy night ; i do n't think i got any sleep . our room was right next to the ice and vending machines , but i honestly do n't think the metallic rhythmic noises came from there . it seemed to stem from the bathroom shower area . be forewarned ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they will literally do everything in their power to rip you off . i am being charged for an extra 10 nights . they refuse to refund ! be careful !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a little worn - but staff is nice . cheap place to stay for a night . no bugs ! getting back on i-80 is a bit difficult .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i give this place a 2.5 star . the only real bright spot was the guy at the desk at night , super friendly and helpful . lets see , where to go from there . the pool was so cold i am pretty sure a polar bear would have objected . also , if you have bad knees or any trouble navigating stairs , find someplace else , there is no elevator , i do n't mean it did not work , there is no elevator , at all ! our sink was clogged but fixed , there was a high school girls team who felt the need to play hide and seek , loudly but one call to the front desk and it was over . our ac sounded like a diesel generator . the area was quiet , no issues there and there is food close enough , but you will need to drive , nothing is walking distance . if it comes down to this place or the motel six , this place wins all day , any other place not so sure .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do n't need to write too much about this hotel because its not worth it ! 1 ) you get what u pay for 2 ) run down & outdated 3 ) the bathroom was disgusting the tub was stopped up , hell damn near to my knees ! we went to the front desk and asked for a new room ! he claimed there were no vacancies ! ! ! so we had to stay ! first thing in the morning we checked out ! i 'm calling hotwire for a refund as soon as i finish this review ! trust me spend the extra twenty bucks for a place hotel !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "is it the westin ? no . but for the money it 's quite fine in our opinion , we 've stayed a few times and have no complaints or problems . unfortunate the few posters here had such a bad experience but go by the numbers , there 's 300 some odd reviews on tripadvisor that land this place squarely as `` average '' .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped into this salon to get my my nails done and ended up having a facial here - i will be definitely coming back to marieta . she cleaned my pores really well , and my skin is glowing . it was kind of painful since my skin was pretty clogged with about a million little blackheads , so i had this yucky dullness . after my facial i did have some blotchiness for the rest of the day and into the next , but then ... my skin looked amazing ! i think most facialists do n't give you a really deep cleaning because they are afraid to hurt you ( then maybe you wont come back ! ) this was the only facial where i thought i got my money 's worth . the atmosphere is nice enough , nothing special , and there 's no tea lemon water or anything , which is kind of a bummer for me at a salon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have been looking for a stylist for some time to cut my hair ... many fails ... . went to salon esprit and talked with theresa , explained what i wanted ... she asked me several questions ... . once she understood ... she went to work ... . in about 20 minutes , she turned a wind blown mess into exactly what i asked for . i 'm so very impressed and happy with their professional , exquisite service . they have as a client forever ! thanks to theresa and shelly ... awesome service ... if you 're reading this `` looking for a salon '' ... stop looking ... you just found it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amie has been my stylist for 2 years . she has cut , colored , highlighted , brazilian blown out , and repaired damage that i have caused while trying to get the green swimmers hair removed on my own . she tries to make herself available on short notice as often as possible . i love her bubbly personality and her ability to make me walk out of the salon feeling beautiful ... every time ! staff is friendly , stylists are all professional and it 's a clean environment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amie has cut and highlighted my hair several times . she does a great job . the prices are very reasonable , and it is easy to get an appointment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband purchased a salon gift package for me here . i have received a facial and massage . the ladies are wonderful ! ! ! very helpful and knowledgeable , i will be returning many times in the near future . the facialist even gave me her personal number in case i had any complications or questions . i thought this was fantastic , and put me at ease since i have not received many facials . the only reason i do n't give it five stars is because the decor and ambiance could be updated changed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great salon , excellent prices and you love the work they do . ask for sherry i use her i wont go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in for a cut and highlights . the highlights looked orange when she was done and i mentioned it . she told me it would not look so orange after a few days . well ... that was crap . i also asked her to even out my ends because my hair was growing out and i no longer wanted the front longer than the back.. but when i went to get my hair done somewhere else , she said she did n't fix anything and it was still longer in the front . i also sent my grandmother over there and she was very unhappy about cut as well . she talked me grandma into buying all these hair products and gave her a cut that required more maintenance than my grandmother wanted . needless to say , we wo n't be going back here !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i saw teresa for a haircut on my first visit to this salon and have no complaints ! i had really long hair almost down to my crack and had been afraid to let anyone touch it except for an inch or two off every few months . i brought some pictures on my cell phone of what kind of cut i wanted ( layered ) and am super happy with my results . i was n't pressured into buying any products and it was a real laid back although professional environment . i will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cindy is the absolute best for a facial . i come once a month for a chemical peel . her prices are extremely reasonable and she gives the best neck massage i have ever had . my skin is glowing . she also is the best eyebrow waxer . cindy will take the years off of your face !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in for the first time this past weekend and loved the results . i sat in becky 's chair and she took her time and asked me questions about how i wanted my haircut and colored until she was satisfied that she understood exactly what i wanted . she even took notes ! i was very impressed . she was patient with all my questions about the science behind hair coloring , hollywood gossip , and family . she is definitely a pro i absolutely love what she did to my hair and i most certainly will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great salon ! coming from chicago they do an even better job for a third of the price ! my hairdresser , brittany , does an amazing job on my highlights and cut and always has great recommendations that leave me walking out loving my hair ! you wo n't be disappointed if you go here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looking forward to my nail appointment with susan today .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mary rose is the best ! every time i come see her she always does a wonderful job and i leave a very happy customer . she really knows what 's she 's doing , and is very knowledgeable . the salon staff is friendly and inviting , and it 's always clean and tidy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "going to a new salon can be nerve wrecking ! i did a full weave , trimmed off 3-4 inches and i love it ! rachel did an awesome job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred by a good friend to tara and i have never let anyone do my hair , other than family , since i have been fortunate to have hairstylist in my family that are amazing . now i live in az and it 's hard for me to travel back home to get my hair done , if i want a cut or color ... . so i trusted and went to tara and she is amazing ! salon was clean , everyone there was super friendly ! she cut long layers and did a subtle ombre and it 's exabtly what i asked for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! emily j. rocks ! nice building , relaxing environment , and very professional . great prices for their services ! i 've only gotten haircuts ( around $ 25 ) and partial highlights ( around $ 65 ) here , but now i wo n't go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not speak for the entire salon , but i want to give 100 stars for dex nolan . i ca n't stress enough how talented she is . she is a master nail technician and quite honestly , my nails have never looked better ... and they last forever ! she also does massage and gives the best , most therapeutic massages i 've ever had ... and i 'm quite the massage connoisseur . : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i get my nails done there . dex nolan is my nail tech . she does and awesome job ! i like that they call to confirm my appt . great place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "emily and amy are a great team for weddings ! for my wedding , they arrived on time and got right to work ! they did the hair of all 6 of my bridesmaids , the flower girl , my mom and 3 aunts , plus me ( the bride ) . everyone was pleased and they were very reasonably priced . i 'm so grateful that i did n't have to worry about my hair or my bridesmaids ' hair for my big day . book them and you wo n't regret it ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this salon because it is close to my home . everyone is really nice . i see becky and she always finds a way to get me . so appreciate that !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "salon esprit is warm and inviting . theresa s. is professional and fun , making the most of my time in the chair ! ! i 've been a customer for over a year and can not imagine going anywhere else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are seeking a top notch facial - look no further than cindy sierzchula with salon esprit - she is professional , her service is luxurious , the neck and head massage unmatched - i loved her ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a lengthy search , i found an incredibly professional and talented nail tech , and thought to share . susan tevis has done my nails twice now , and her work is beautiful ! i 'm extremely particular , and susan is exactly the person for me . she 's not a `` one size fits '' all nail person , but listens to what you want and then makes it happen ~ beautifully !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love my hair dresser bethany and how friendly everyone is at this salon . highly recommend it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this salon ! the staff is fantastic and jeska kills it every time ! she gave me the best haircut i have had in years ! not only was she friendly but very knowledgeable in her craft ! i will for sure be going back to her in the future . thank you jeska ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never had anything but my nails done here which is why i 'm giving a 4 rather than 5 since i can not personally speak on the other services . but dex , who did my nails for about a year while i lived in town was amazing and deserves 5 stars ! ! she was always on time , kept my appointments , worked quickly and did a great job every time . my nails had never looked better ! wish i did n't move away ... i still have n't found anyone as talented as her . miss you dex !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service ! they have a very large space , a bit wasteful as it is empty in the middle , but i 'm not complaining ! chinese nail salon , all of the workers are chinese . i have gotten my eyebrows done twice , and both times my eyebrows looked great . they do n't rush at all , and it does n't hurt very much . not a very busy salon , probably because it is far away from harbourfront , about a 10-15 minute walk . right by a shoppers drug mart and a coffee time . there is also a streetcar stop right outside , just make sure you are on the 509 . do n't want to rant on and on , so i 'll stop after this . they also let my dog in ( who is medium small sized ) in which was very nice of them . do n't need to book an appointment for eyebrows or manicure , just walk in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there once without an appointment , they took me in right away . there was a short wait since there are only 3 girls working at that time . the owner helped me with my mani and another girl did the pedi , both of them gave me a lot of time to choose the color , i was not pressured . i will return to this place if i did n't move away from the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's is really surprising this little waterfront 'gem ' only has managed to get one review . it is a little bit out of the way , but if you are in search of a yorkville quality mani pedi at a koreatown price ( $ 35 ) then stop on by . the staff are attentive , and precise , yet you do n't feel obliged to stop playing games or texting on your phone while your service is in session . your hands and feet look like a million bucks when you walk out of the place maybe due to the hot stone massage , full on foot sloughing and use of opi and essie polishes . over all you get more than what you pay for at this place , and the lake harbour view you enjoy while your hands and feet are drying has to be one of the best mani pedi views in the city . i had may nails done on saturday morning and i 'm still looking at them and smiling on thursday afternoon . totally worth it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i go to this place as last resort . it 's not the best but it 's not the worse . my polish never seems to last here , i 'll get them done on a monday and need them done again on thursday . again , this is only my last resort place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good stuff ! and they give a heck of a foot massage . for $ 35 manicure and pedicure it 's good value for money . not as intensive and detailed as an expensive spa treatment but again , good value for money . clean place , nice staff and good work .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i live close by and go here every once and a while . vs the other nail spot at queens quay and spadina i like this place better because the wait is less , the stay open late to accommodate your appointment , they 're gentle with my nails , they take out my ingrowns if i need and its less crowded . i 've read a review that said theyre rough ? i 've never experienced that . get the guy in there to do your nails or speak up when someone slips and is rough . like most places i 've been to , some people need to be directed on what you 're comfortable with . i have eczema so i always say i have sensitive nails before the appointment begins ... anywhere . as for the actual nail job , this place does n't have as many clients so the actual job of polishing artificial nails is n't top of the line , buts its good in my books .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for a pedicure during the week . price was $ 25 , quality was subpar . they have a good selection of polishes , but they did a really poor job on the pedicure . even though i was the only person in the salon , the service was rushed . they did a bad job scrubbing my feet , nail shaping was n't great and while they did have a hot stone massage , which was nice in theory , the stones were scalding hot and i had to tell the tech to remove them from my feet as i was getting burned . literally . i do n't expect luxury from a cheapie nail salon , but after 1.5 weeks , i already have several chips in the polish , which is ridiculous . i would not return to this salon , nor would i recommend it to anyone . there are much better options for the price , although not so much in the immediate area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went in for a fill , the fill and nail polish were done very poorly . i would not give this place a second try .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i randomly came across this place walking along the lakeshore one saturday afternoon . i decided to give it a try because it was n't busy and it was $ 35 for a mani & pedi . i would like to a good review because they were really nice and they took their time doing nails , but my nails chipped the same night and they just kept on chippin ' . not only did my nails look like crap after 3 days i started getting really bad hang nails around my nails , which has never happened before . i wish i had gone back to complain .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i work very close to this business and i needed a really quick manicure . after reading reviews on the two places at queen 's quay & lower spadina , i decided to give princess nails a try . i went with a friend . i got a standard manicure and my friend got a gel one . both jobs were quick , instructions followed and result impeccable . $ 15 for a standard manicure and $ 28 for gel is pretty amazing too ! definitely going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "people hate this place but i actually enjoy it . it fulfills my need to gamble but it 's with kids and the prizes are inexpensive chinese plastic toys . i have no idea why this is appealing but it 's fun . my daughter and i had a blast playing air hockey , giant connect four and a ski ball . i guess it just reminds me of going to chuck e cheese when i was a kid . they have laser tag and bowling too ! my daughter loved it and we had a great time connecting .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simply terrible , the kids had fun but i did not . we were the only ones there on the day that we went . there was no music playing and a lot of the games were broken and keep money from the kids . i had high hopes for funfest because i remember going here on school field trips and having a blast . this place is in need of some serious repair . everything seems really out dated and used . like the owners are just too cheap to replace or fix what needs to be fixed . the bowling is very expensive here . i had to pay $ 70.00 for bowling they charge extra for using the bumpers . funfest is gross and run down . i am giving two stars because the pizza was good and it 's very spacious inside .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice bowling and laser tag -- horrible customer service ! ! spent over 200.00 in bowling , beer , and laser tag for 6 people and asked to play teams rather than solo . associate nicely said no . manager also said no with an explanation of `` it 's for your safety . '' i said everyone playing ( 10 ppl ) want to play teams ... his response , `` you make your own teams once it starts . '' in the dark ? ! ? ! bottom line , care about the customers want and do something about it ! ! spend your money elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "our group got there at 11:00pm . for some reason , they charged us $ 22.00 each for the all-night pass , but it did n't start until 12:30 . we just had to sit around for an hour and a half since everything was closed . weird ? yup . will we go back ? nope .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "by far one of the cleanest establishments we 've been too . we have been here on a weekly basis for the past month and every time we 're here during the day the staff is on their hands and knees ( literally ) cleaning and scrubbing every nook and cranny ( the lights , the bar seats . ) you ca n't beat the early bird bowling special with two hours of unlimited bowling for only $ 8 a person . great for kids . the food is not the best but certainly expectable for bowling alley food . we will be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pricey ! ! 28 bucks for 4 pretzels and small sodas . most games are $ 0.50 - $ 1.00 ! ! even dave and buster 's is cheaper !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i thought the pizza was decent . the bowling is good too ... first time here . it 's neat because you can take s picture for when your name pops up when it 's your turn ! the bathrooms ... are disgusting though . they reek . there is shit literally encrusted on the toilet seats ... every single one . also , a piece of shit on the ground . mind you , we came at 11 am ... so it 's not like it was `` after a long day '' ... i think if the bathrooms were more sanitary , i would be a bigger advocate for this place . not sure if their prices are a good deal either . i would n't necessarily advocate for this place . but it was n't terrible . update : bartender was nice update : toilet leaked on me", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we went back with a group of friends for the late night bowling last saturday night and our trip was a complete 180 . great service , clean lanes we had a great time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "funfest is a great place for bowling ! no matter if you are a family , couple , group of friends . really great staff and really fun . highly recommend this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our oldest has been having his birthday here for the last four years . continues to be a hit with the kids and since we like donuts over cake this place is great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fun time in the vip room , but everything except the bathrooms is updated and they are gross ! ! do your business before you come . do n't take the risk ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we had our company holiday party here and let me tell you , it was like having a 10 year olds birthday party with how much fun we had ! the arcade games were great and there is lazer tag ( sadly we did n't get to play ! ) the pizza was the best bowling alley pizza i have had in a very long time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i took my family there for a night out and we had an absolute blast . the staff was really nice and even helped us get started at our lane . my kids used the bumpers and the cool thing was that the bumpers went up for the kids and down for my wife and i . the other cool thing was my kids appeared on the giant video screens over the lanes as they must have a camera . it was like being on the jumbo tron at a ball game . we also played games and laser tag . the food was pretty good and i noticed that they have all kinds of specials for the family that we will surely taake advantage of in the future . i had a great time as my my did also .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i dare you to try and order food and drinks at the bar area here on a saturday night . not possible on under 3 hours . place is an absolute joke and only exists because the closest bowling alley it 's in lower burrell", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the most high tech bowling i have ever seen ! they play music video along side of the bowling screen and have images of pittsburgh above the lanes . they have cosmic ( glow ) bowling as well as bumper cars and laser tag . i am unsure of pricing since i was there for a fundraiser . overall , very clean with friendly staff and spacious lane areas for hanging out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fyi the free game of bowling offered by yelp is not accepted or recognized at zone 28- they young man behind the bowling counter even asked the manager who said no this offer is not accepted . i took my 6 year old daughter and 4 year old nephew- we bowled and it was a lot of fun and the lanes have bumpers accessible . then we hit the game area where the kids played ice ball ( skee ball ) for about an hour . only 25 cents per game ! the place is a lot of fun and both kids left happy- i really wish the yelp free bowling offer was accepted", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for some reasons they would rather put qvc on than the penguins playoff game . not sure why they ca n't have the penguins game volume on in the bar and have the game on both tvs during the playoffs . even asked the manager and he told the bartender , `` you know how i feel about that . '' might i add there is only two people in the bar area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "super fun ! this place is always clean and welcoming , and their bar is amazingly well stocked for a bowling alley . they have tons of beers on draft . the only downside is that it is a bit pricey .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went there this weekend with my niece for the first time since it was remodeled . we bowled in the vip area and it was so cool ! it was nice to have more privacy and less people around when trying to chase a three year old around . i highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are visiting from new york and decided to bowl with family . on the bowling end ... what a great experience ! fun atmosphere and music ! the bartender however had to have been on drugs . there was literally one customer in front of me and she took forever ! i only ordered two beers ... they cost $ 9.01 . how bizarre . she took a lifetime to count back my 99 cents . i am a bartender and feel justified saying they should hire a drug free employee , it 's a shame to let her ruin an otherwise fun time !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love all the employees at this business . they are all fantastic ( for the most part ) . but it is extremely expensive . you must be sure to always get a coupon before you go here . whether on their facebook page or their website . the games are getting better slowly but surely . bowling is always fun : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when i lived in pittsburgh for a couple of years , i visited this location a few times for different ( adult ) birthday parties . the laser tag was always a blast , and the food was good , especially the pizza . i also thought it was fun that they served beer here . i know that they work with a lot of local nonprofits on fundraisers , which i think is excellent for community involvement . i 'm looking forward to seeing all of the new additions scheduled for 2015 , excited for bumper cars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited funfest for a `` family fun day '' the kids and adults , both enjoyed the time spent . we found a groupon for funfest ! how fabulous is that ? ! ? saving cash . bowling was fun . the pizza was delicious . we had an absolute blast !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the nicer bowling alleys on this side of the city , but there are some major staffing and logistical issues . even on busy nights the bar is usually staffed with only one bartender and it takes quite a while to be served . melissa was also one of the rudest bartenders i 've ever dealt with , very bad attitude and does n't seem to know pleasantries such as `` please '' and `` thank you . '' the check-in process for a lane is also unusually slow and convoluted . they have a special that starts at a certain time on weekends but require the lanes to be cleared before it begins ? ? even if you do n't mind paying the normal ( higher ) rate , you 're required to give up the lane by the time the special starts . they 'll make you wait 40 minutes until the special starts to get a lane . if they could clean up the logistical problems and establish some basic customer service , it would be a great place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my wife and two kids were looking for something to do for the weekend so we decided to go bowling . number 1 : cosmic bowling is not fun it 's just annoying even my kids found it annoying . number 2 : it is waaaay too expensive . the following week we went to the bowling alley in west deer and had a much better time and far less expensive . the laser tag is a joke there as well . that used to be a pretty cool place but has gone downhill . the kids that work in arcade are just plain rude . had enough of that place they will never see another dime from me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "previously known as funfest , zone 28 has a slightly new look and feel , with some familiar favorites . - bowling , which has better computer systems than i remember and more kid-friendly features ( e.g . automatic bumpers , tons of low-weight balls , etc . ) - bumper cars and laser tag - brand new sports bar - vip bowling area ( can be rented for private events ) - snack bar - three party areas ( can be rented for private events ) - billiards too - arcade , which is packed with games for all ages - and most dispense tickets ( tickets are easy to keep track of on your game card ) my chief complaint is the price as compared to other bowling alleys with similar amenities . zone 28 is rather expensive for a small family . expect to spend $ 40-60 just to bowl and grab a snack or play some games .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went to fun fest for some late night bowling . two games were 25 dollars ! what ? the atmosphere was strange . everyone from families to people in their 20s out drinking . right next to an arcade with kids playing , it looked kind of dumpy . although the lanes were pretty cool , i probably wo n't be back", "score": "2"}
{"review": "while walking around caesars palace , we saw the food court with every restaurant closed until 11am , except for smashburger . since i 've never had it before , i had to try it because all my friends were raving about it . they only had breakfast options , but who does n't want a big juicy beef burger topped with bacon and eggs after a long night of drinking ? the first bite was heavenly and just what i need ! the cheese was melted and dripping as i was eating . the buns were delicious too ! about 3 4 of the way in , i was stuffed , but i made myself finish it as it is a crime to waste good food ! too bad i did n't get to try their lunch menu , but i will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not gon na lie , i 've only been here when i 've been really drunk , so it 's good for drunk food if that 's what you crave after you leave the club . for me , smashburger usually does the trick . i just get the regular cheeseburger with everything on it and fries , and that 's good enough for me . i 'm not going to try and get all fancy with my food after i 've been drinking at a club for 4 hours and i just need something to eat . food is good , the location is good , it 's a little overpriced for what you get ( again , it 's on the strip so of course it 's going to cost more ) , but the service kind of sucks . oh well , i guess i ca n't blame them after they 're constantly dealing with drunk and obnoxious people all day lol . anyway good place to go to if you just need a quick bite or in my case , a place to eat after drinking for hours on end !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would encourage you to try a different place if you want a burger . the burgers and fries were just very mediocre . just pass , never again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "of course everything is expensive - you 're in vegas at caesars . smash fries are awesome but i got regular when i ordered the other . too tired and it 's too crowded and loud so forget it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ralph came out , gave us a fair quote , and we hired him . they painted our walls , baseboards , doors , and the garage . they also were able to get us in rather fast , which was nice . the paint looks great and my house looks brand new . the only room for improvement would be in the cleanup . the shower door and our floor had some paint , also some of our furniture was n't put back . other than that , they showed up on time , worked hard , and the painters were friendly and professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend red rock painting ! the owner , ralph is professional and prompt . he came out to our home , as we needed the exterior painted and our fascia repaired in a number of places . a week later , his crew was at our house , patching cracks and prepping our house for paint ! his pricing is competitive : not the lowest , not the highest - but we went with red rock because ralph guaranteed his work for 5 years . ( other painters said two years . ) his crew treated our home with respect and they were very careful not to damage plants and mature fruit trees as they painted around our perimeter wall . now , our house is gorgeously painted and i have a painter to recommend to folks who need one . definitely a 5-star experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ralph at red rock painting did a great job and was very easily accessible via text and phone call along the way ! would recommend him for others looking for a painter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "look no further , this is the painting company to hire ! ralph and his team is professional , experienced , and on top of everything . the painting crew was helpful and answered all my questions or concerns . their craftmanship and attention to detail exceeded my expectation . my project went smoothly and was completed within the quoted timeframe . i highly recommend red rock painting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ralph and his crew did an amazing job at our new home is east mesa . they were very affordable and professional . they fixed all drywall holes left from previous homeowners and repaired all holes from existing curtains and window covers . i would recommend ralph and his crew to anyone looking for honest price with quality work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "responsive , reasonable , responsible and great communications . when i needed a rental condo painted red rock accommodated my crazy schedule to get an estimate together quickly , was flexible in what they bid on and the work schedule . they finished the job ahead of schedule and work was done in a high quality manner . they were always easy to reach and returned all calls in a very timely manner . i will use these guys again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hired red rock to come out and paint a side of our house that had got discolored and wanted them to paint to match the rest of the house . i am so pleased with the results ! ! also , he was on time which is much appreciated . i will be hiring them back for any other paint job we need done ! great job jose ! ! ralph , i enjoyed working with you as well ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh no ! looks like twice upon a time has closed ! i came here just one time but they stayed open later for us even though we clearly walked in after the hours listed on the door . they even had the best attitude about us looking around late and did not try to shoo us out at all either . there were lots of items to browse through from books , toys , puzzles , games , cups , mugs , electronic devices , clothing , figurines , and a pile of yarn . i was able to snag up a pretty sweet snoopy & woodstock glass that i cherish . friendly , kind , and unique . it is disappointing to see that they are gone now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looks like they have gone out of business . too bad considering the 75 percent off sign hand written on the door . looks like i missed out on some good deals !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went by there today , february 12 about 4:30 . they were supposed to be open until 6pm . door was locked with a sign on the door that said `` if we 're here , we 're open . '' i looked inside and it appeared the place is cleared out except for empty racks and such . another thing about this entire shopping center , there is absolutely no place to lock up a bike .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so i finally ordered from this place after looking at the menu on eat24 website for awhile . the menu is pretty standard : pizza , sandwiches , salads , chicken wings . i ordered the medium wings which were super yummy with homemade ranch dressing on the side . i also ordered a small 10 '' pizza . the pizza was just ok , kinda bland . the only thing that made it good was it was the only place i know of around here i can order a small pizza , a true small , good when you do n't feel like a huge pizza but still want a slice . and the min order was only $ 10 with no delivery fee . i do n't mind delivery fees but some places charge way too much and you have to order a lot of food . i will try this place again for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have one word for this place -- do n't ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i waited 3 hours and 50 minutes for my meal ! they claim to have attempted delivery once and not find me . really ? how hard is it to find a hotel ? they did give me the food free , but it was not worth it . they brought the wrong dessert , and the bread in the sub was hard and overcooked . there was practically no sauce on the sandwich despite my ordering extra sauce . the food was also not hot but simply lukewarm . it 's a shame when i had to call multiple times to ask about where my food is . they really seemed to care less . the woman who first took my order promised me excellent food in about 45 minutes . she was so wrong on every account . my advice is to take your business elsewhere or else be prepared to get a headache from an extended wait with no food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had found this place on grubhub a while ago and finally decided to order dinner from them tonight . i ordered a spinach & artichoke heart pizza and an appetizer combination platter . the food was delivered in about an hour , after the delivery person drove away i opened the appetizer box and it was a cheeseburger . i called immediately thinking the guy could turn around because my order was switched with another in his car . the lady told me they would get the platter right out to me . well , here it is 3 hours later and they never came back , or called ( phone number entered on grubhub.com ) . finally decided to heat up the cold cheeseburger and eat it . very unprofessional .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "reasonable . took about 1 hour to get delivery , pretty much right as estimated . chicken wings were chicken wings , and fries were fries . nothing really to brag or complain about . service was decent as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was just in here briefly to grab some tomatoes , but what i saw was quite impressive . a large butcher counter , lots of grocery items , and of course , the produce in the front . the place is spotless . i paid a very reasonable price for the tomatoes with a very friendly man at the cash . all night people raved about the bruschetta i made , and indeed , it was super fresh and delicious . i 'm definitely coming back , i 'm so excited to do a bigger shop next time and try out their meats !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a very nice italian grocery store on corso d'italia , near landsdowne avenue . seems to be a family run business , with lots of great fresh produce , meat and cheese . always well maintained , this is a good business to patronize . great place to practice your italian .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "diana 's meat counter has the best italian sausages in toronto proper . i know that because i have tried them all - commisso 's , cataldi , gino 's , m.atlas , galati bros , lady york , fortino 's , pusateri 's , the place up on dufferin near tim horton 's , the place further up on dufferin just north of costco , highland , furgiuele 's , zito 's , st. lawrence market , plus cumbrae , healthy butcher , rowe farms ... diana grocery makes real homemade italian sausages . none of this frankfourcheeseitaliano stuff . no fennel overload . no unnecessary oregano . no phoney spice mixes . no hip and happenin ' flavourings . just real sausages like your nonno made them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good place to go for italian food . it 's close to st. claire loop so getting there is n't a hassle . there 's produce , bread , bakings , coffee , meat , and cheese . price is about right too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great family run place with fresh produce , european products and amazing customer service : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been several times since moving into the neighboorhood a couple months ago ... great spot ! good selection , friendly staff , and very reasonable prices ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had jersey mike 's for the first time ever and it was pretty good . the only thing that bothered me as a first time customer is that they expect you to know how their line works . when we asked them to put mayo on our subs , after we ordered , one of the workers rudely told us that we need to do so when we first order . okay not a big deal , but she could have been a lot nicer when she said it . overall i 'll give them a four .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love jersey miles but this is a new location ! ! and the service was sad . out of wheat bread and did n't inform customers about the points membership . not impressed with this location the girl working to be more friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time at this chain . long line but got our order quickly . good tasting food and decent prices . totally worth it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used to come here years ago and had not stepped foot in here for the past few years but been back now and again recently . the moved the bar to the other side of the place and knocked out a wall . it a lil swankier but still has those beer special posters from the distributor promoting 2.00 labatt or whetever . every lakewood bar has em , for the most part . servers are always nice and fast . very young crowd . great place to stop off for a shot or a beer while waiting for your cajun gyro to get done next door . half in the bag ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i hope i 'm reviewing the place i went to last night.. i definitely spent last night in a bar so why is this place called richland cafe . what i especially , most definitely like about this bar is that let you bring in outside food and i was able to bring in my nashville style hot chicken from chow chow down the street . as chow chow does not serve beer or booze i recommend you come to madison for chow chow 's southern food and bring it over to richland `` cafe '' if you want a beer . i enjoyed playing a few rounds of keno and watching the golden state warriors march 1 game closer for going down in history as having the `` winningest '' season in the nba ever . unfortunately for the city i was visiting , ( i.e. , , cleveland ) the cavaliers lost to the bulls that same night .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would go to the richland a lot when a friend lived down the street . richland is a nice bar . the crowd is a good mix of people who i do n't really mind drinking with . this is one of the best bars on madison . a good place to go when you are lonely , bored or want to get out of the house .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "back in the day , i used it frequent this place a lot , solo , to relieve stress . i would always know someone there . i would shoot a few games of pool and throw a few back . one day i was gon na go and decided to stay home , someone was thrown through the front window , kinda mad i missed the show , but what are you gon na do.. ? it was my getaway when things got rough at the lab . i went with my buddy who lives in the apt building i lived in when i used to go there many years ago . right across the hall , small world . anyways , it 's totally redone , complete renovation . it used to be awkwardly split into two rooms , they opened it up nicely now . a better selection of beers seems to exist now , things changed since then though . i like the crowd here , mostly punks , a few hipsters ( these days , what 's the difference ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sunday : jamie & rae $ 2 anything good crowd hot carl dj", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good beer selection , decent seating , oh yeah , but do n't try to sit in the girl 's room.. toilet seat was n't connected to anything and it pinched my ass so bad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i play trivia here on thursdays . the house team always whoops my team 's ass . good prices and good beer selection . i like this bar .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "thursday night $ 2 all whiskey . sunday night $ 2 every liquor . every day $ 1 high life drafts . not to mention fun bartenders and a solid jukebox that will usually not be playing top 40 , which definitely appeals to me . my favorite bar in lakewood , hands down .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this bar is okay . i 've been here twice and had pretty different experiences.. first time , we were on a bar crawl and loved it . it 's really cheap , very divey , which i enjoy . the whole place is really big and open , which is great . we had a good time and came away with no complaints ! i went back recently and was less pleased . the bartender seemed to have no idea what was going on.. she did n't know what was on draft and would n't turn off the juke box ( which nobody was putting money into ) to let us listen to a game that was on . there was almost nobody there and the people who were there were all watching the game so it just seems silly not to do what people want . on top of that , the music was really loud and was mostly country.. not really my thing . still a cheap bar and a nice layout but not thrilled with the situation that night . i 'm less excited to go back again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "2 dollar you call it sundays , karaoke with hot carl , awesome staff , great bar to rage at", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice place for what it is . cheap drinks , no food , $ 1 pool table . super creepy and disturbing bathroom though ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "see the waitress ? see her ignore you ? see a bartender ? good luck if you can find one ... maybe they are hiding somewhere ? big points on the art and decor , the music is usually stellar , but the service is really lacking . there is a really good selection of beer , somewhat pricey . the hummus is really good . oh but why is the indian serving the naked goddess on the painting above the bar ? that will have you stumped for hours !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "carly 's , my dear friend ... many a night have you been there for me and my dear family . a pear sandwhich ? of course . a cocktail while i wait ? what would you like ? brunch with out of town guests ? what should i prepare ? seriously , carly 's is our neighborhood 's relable , go-to , place to eat plus they have a great drink selection and great service . you should make carly 's your friend too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love carlys ! ! sandwiches are delish ! get the orzo with your sandwich , you wo n't be disappointed . bruschetta is the best and you can get two kinds for only $ 10 ! hummus is yummy too ! great beer choice and perfectly made bloody marys . vibe is chill . servers are very nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although the beer list is n't pages long it is quality ; solid trappist selections and some local fare as well . the menu has some nice salads and sandwiches and the hummus is great as well . service has always been consistently great . i 'll be back for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i visited here with a friend who visits carly 's quite often . this was my first time . there were several parking spots available at lunch and plenty of tables inside . we were served right away . i had the fruit and nut salad , one of their seasonal offerings . it was quite good -- spring mix lettuce with tender sliced chicken breast , cheese , diced apple , red grapes , and walnuts . the bowl was large so it made for a good lunch without any leftovers . the one negative : the bread that came along with it was chewy to the point of being tough . i had to bite it and jerk hunks off ; i felt like a dog ripping meat from the bone . my friend enjoyed her soup . i would n't mind visiting again as they had some other salads on the menu that looked good , but i 'll be leery of the bread on the side .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice neighborhood friendly bar , high top seating , bar , outdoor patio facing the art community and low lighting for that artsy bar feel . i had the pear sandwich which sounds weird but it was amazing ! the chips served on the side were delicious and the papgo orange blossom beer paired with it made this visit a yummy one !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some friends and i stopped in for happy hour before we were on our way to mesa arts center . we walked in at about 5:15 and i really dug the place . there was interesting art on the walls , quite a few artsy looking people , and two people working . two ! their menu looked amazing and i decided to go with a pear and brie sandwich . i wish i would have known it was going to take almost an hour for our food to be served . once i got my food we were running late so i had to gobble it down . it was ok , but nothing special . maybe it was just an off day for them , but the service was horrible .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really like the pressed brand , and the markup for this strip location is n't too bad ( think ~ $ 1 bottle ) but the location is just so inconvenient and difficult to find . for those of you who do n't to wander the aria aimlessly for half an hour , go upstairs and walk past the buffet . it 's past the starbucks , around the corner . i have no idea how they get any business being so hidden . that said , i dig the glass-walled modern space and the staff were really friendly- i came in for a promotional drink from an email blast , and they let me know about a 3 $ 20 drink sale ( and the promo drink was not excluded ! ) , which was awesome . but they really need to get some signage up so people can find them better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "place is pretty hidden if you 're looking for a quick stop dealio . it 's past the buffet at aria . the place has a modern-minimalistic-eco chic feel . they have the same menu as with their califonia stores with occasional seasonal offerings and they have wellness shots as well . upsell is about 1-2 $ more , which i know some people will freak about but it is the strip . even water bottles are gold . and if you really think of it there is n't a lot of places that sell fresh pressed juice around the area , .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is located inside of the aria on the upstairs or `` promenade level '' across from starbucks . all fresh juice places are going to be on the pricier side , but i do n't think pressed juice is too bad ( although they are a little smaller than the other places i 've gone to ) . my favorites are : citrus 1- aloe vera , coconut water , cucumber , lemon , pineapple citrus 2- apple , lemon , mint , pineapple greens 3- apple , celery , cucumber , ginger , kale , lemon , parsley , romaine , spinach i 've also tried others but i seem to always go back to these three . if you like peanut butter and bananas , you have to get the super potassium snack of banana covered in peanut butter they sell ! it 's all organic and delicious , but warning- they 're addicting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the absolute best juicery in las vegas ( also a location in summerlin at tivoli village ) . i would always have their juice cleanses shipped from la and now two stores are conveniently located in the city . cleanse # 1 is for the beginner ; cleanse # 2 is for those looking to maintain a healthy lifestyle and cleanse # 3 is for the advanced cleanser ( mostly green juices ) . you will really love all of the flavors of the juices . they are easy to drink and keep you full throughout the day . i have actually found myself trading in the cashew milk for another juice because i am so full from drinking the juice and water throughout the day . even if you do n't do a cleanse , the juices can be purchased separately and they have a variety of delicious flavors . enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so excited to have been one of the first customers at the pressed location within the aria . the store is absolutely adorable , and they even gave me a drink on the house ! you know i had to get my activated charcoal after a weekend in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "out of this world ! ! ! it is a little pricey , but i guess it is worth it ! ! ! employees are also very friendly and knowledgable about their products , and take their time to explain questions about juices . it is definitely my the most favorite juice spot when in vegas : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the juice was awesome ! the variety was great ! located in the aria and worth the 15 min walk from another property to get there . reasonably priced too ! that was the big surprise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is brand new to aria and what a great addition . great alternative to pastries to get something light to eat early in the morning . they have great combo packages to make it your breakfast also . tried the greens 5 and the barnana with apple and cinnamon . both very good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased an almond milk in la before heading to vegas . even though it was kept inside a cooler it soured on the way over . they not only allowed me to switch out the almond milk , but allowed me to do so after they had closed . great customer service ! i went back the next day and sampled other juices and purchased a few more bottles . the workers i met both days where friendly and informative .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place . the juices are delivered each day and so many yummy choices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "location is great staying inside aria for 4 days over valentines weekend but the staff that helped me was n't very helpful ( the brunette color hair older lady ) at the counter appeared rude . this is why-i always get the matcha hemp drink from manhattan beach pj and never had problem with the quality of the drink but over my stay this past weekend-my drink i got was super sour ( it had gone bad but was still on the shelf ) and staff was rude when i tried to return it for another one . my bf went next day for same drink and tried 2 match hemps and was sour too . i only complain because these drinks are pricey and i expected more for the quality ! i love my manhattan beach pressed juicery though !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the drinks def . are healthy and the person who was helping us was really friendly and nice ! we 'd like to visit again if we can ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great juices at a not completely ridiculous price . enough options for people who either like sweet or more green options . my favorite juice spot in las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a business person it 's important to look good , and when you look good you feel good . christine is a master at making you look and feel good . it 's not that often you come across someone who actually takes the time to listen and understand what your desires are . i would recommend the barber shoppe without hesitation to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a find ! barber shop for the men and a mini spa for the ladies . bob is out front dealing with the boys , and chris co owner , is in back with the ladies . i can honestly say , this is the best shampoo in the valley . magic fingers ! ! unlike , big , busy , loud salons , when you are in the chair you feel like you are the only customer that matters , and chris divides all her time to you . she also teaches styling , so to say she knows her stuff is an understatement . i have natural curly hair , not the easiest to cut , but chris makes it look easy . pedicures , coloring , are also available . so make a date , as in double date and relax and get pampered !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the barber shoppe ! we moved to fountain hills about a year ago and chris was referred to me by a friend ... .what a find ! i get my hair cut , colored and highlighted and each time she does an amazing job ... .she actually takes the time to study my hair ... . and will then ask if i want to make any changes and actually suggest different things too . she also gives amazing pedicures . my husband goes to bob and always pleased with his cut too . i 'm always receiving compliments on my hair ! i highly recommend both bob and chris !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to chris for my haircuts and her fabulous mani pedi service . chris does an exceptional job cutting because she does listen and understand what the client wants . going once a month for a pedi , my feet are in the best shape they ever have been in . she uses terrific products and does n't cut the hell out of the cuticles ! she 's also a joy to be around . the prices are right and you could n't put yourself in better hands .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the company store is like noda 's mullet . with the awesome artwork that is the building 's exterior , this bar is party on the outside , seriously good drinks and grown up feel on the inside . this bungalow house turned into local watering hole is a great addition to noda . the carefully decorated bar has not only a selection of local beer on tap , but also proseco on tap ! in addition , are various wines . take your honey here for a date night ... a few drinks after dinner ... and conversate about the local artwork on the walls . there is an outdoor patio and if a date night is n't in the cards for you , take your pup as four legged friends are also welcomed here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really fun and cool place to hang out on a weekend . they have a nice bright area inside with seating and a bar area . they have special sangrias that they make in house and will let you sample them before buying . the outside patio is wonderful ! it is big and open with plenty of room . the service was good , the bartender was patient and let me try different beer and sangrias before choosing what i wanted . he was helpful in explaining what was in the sangrias and let us know that sometimes they rotated the drinks out . the dumpling lady comes on saturdays which is terrific ! ! but i will review her on their own business page . she will be out back so do n't miss her !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such a cozy and cute spot ! enjoyed those art pieces every corner of this place.perfect for lazy sunday after brunch.definitely coming back soon with my friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great spot to compliment noda 's already diverse bar restaurant choices ! ! ! with 8-10 beers on tap this cool little spot also serves us great bottle choices . a friendly bartender made or visit excellent , and have it done great advice . the dumpling truck that sits outside is epic . but i 'll save that for another review . my wife and i love this spot and try to go every time we visit noda .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this gem is kinda hidden in noda . we were just walking around noda and notice the landscaping and art on the building . so beautiful . we walked into this former duplex now wine and beer bar . the atmosphere is chill and the decor has tab bit of cool geekness to it . the staff is awesome and super friendly . a must try is the fresh made sangria . the white sangria made with peaches from one of the owner garden . the owner are super nice . i ca n't wait to go back and drink there again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really cool spot in noda , although a bit loud . great selection of local beers and wine . really enjoyed their snacking concept - got a locally made soft pretzel and artisan mustard for snacking ; it was perfection . looking forward to coming back soon", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i remember passing by this place when it first opened and thinking `` where did that come from ? '' . with all the recent development in noda this has become commonplace . however , the company store appeared to have a healthy dose of that funky vibe that noda is so well known for . so my wife and i decided to check it out on saturday night to start our date night in the area . the place reminds me of common market and rhino market , but with a more homey and laid back feel . we grabbed draft beers at the bar , but noted there are a ton of local food and drink options to choose from . in addition , there is a surprising amount of seating inside and outside the store . we ended sit on the front porch and enjoy our beverages as old outkast played over the speakers . the company store certainly has a feel of its own and definitely is worth a visit . grab a drink , a snack , and a swing out back and enjoy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome new little spot in the neighborhood . one of those where i hesitate to prop it up as i want it all to myself , lol me and a friend happened to stop by here one day while walking her dogs . i was pleasantly surprised with the layout , the beer selection and the overall vibe of the place . they had no problem with dogs so we brought them on in . it did take a second to order a drink as our bartender was too friendly of a person to cut the other patrons short , but that just gave me more time to contemplate my decision . they say they rotate taps quite often , so i 'm not even going to comment on my selection , but they were both great . also loved the outdoor nature of this place , one of the better outside seating areas around . i 'll be back for sure but do n't go around telling everybody about this hidden gem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this casual place to hang out ! it lent itself for a perfect saturday afternoon in the sun enjoying drinks with friends the on tap selection offers solid choices from local breweries . they also had several tasty sangrias `` on tap '' that i was totally digging . their bottle selection is on point and they even have a few chilled wines that you can purchase and serve up amongst your friends . i definitely recommend coming here to grab a drink - just do n't forget to byof ( bring your own food )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a new favorite of ours ! it 's very low-key , and a great place to have a few drinks ( and yummy snack ) ! it has a retro feel , and it just a great place to hang out if you want to get away from the loud bustle of the rest of the city .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no doubt , this is a great place to hang out . bring your own food , or grab some picnic items at the shop . the workers are very friendly . they have fresh baguettes and pretzels daily . they also have souvenir mugs , glasses , t-shirts and the occasional live music outside .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great prices . free burgers on sunday . awesome adult only zen garden . kid and pet friendly in specific areas . owners are heavily involved in the community and have created an awesome place for friends and family to hang out ! great place to meet a single friend or a large group ! these guys have done a great job supporting local artist and creating a beautiful space to hang in !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great vibe , relaxed , local beer , great service , walking distance to a number of restaurants , coffeehouse & roastery , eclectic market on saturdays and farmers market .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like this spot . like many other reviewers , i like the sangria , mimosas , wines , beers , snacks , and overall atmosphere . love that pups are welcome . also , owners , staff , and clientele are very friendly . i just wish there were more . more what ? seating , bar space , and bathrooms . does n't take a big crowd to soak up all the seating here . but , all in all , that 's good problem for a place to have !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is jackpot ! it 's like being at your friends house but with a more social atmosphere . kid and dog friendly . so cozy , you can lose hours in good conversation !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just love the cool vibe of this place . art , drinks , beer.. they make three different kinds of homemade sangria ! and what 's best ? outside swings ! ! thanks guys ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay , so i do like this place . great selection of beer , wine , snacks . atmosphere is on point . guys who own it are great . love coming here . my only thing is the last couple times i have gone , it seems like a mix between a place to relax and have a drink and a daycare . there was a little boy running around without shoes on . i love that there are places where families can enjoy a nice afternoon in the sun but if the parent is not going to be a parent , please at least make clear to customers that shoes must be worn at all times ( for simple health reasons for the child and customers liability factors if anything ) and that to please be courteous to other customers in regards to children running around and toys sprawled out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great outdoor drinking spot with table games and well crafted beer selection . 90s , 00 's hip hop on the speakers . so necessary .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owners are amazing and the staff is very friendly . the area outside with swings is off limits to kids and pets - the perfect place to enjoy a nice drink ( or some of their free grub ) without dealing with barking or crying . good selection of sangria and beer . nice place to spend an afternoon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite bar to chill outside and have a mimosa , sangria , or beer . great selection , atmosphere , and company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prosecco on tap , all the perfect charcuterie ingredients , and a mimosa bar on saturdays . such a great spot ! plus pups are allowed : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the company store is a hidden ( ish ) sanctuary in noda that has local beers on tap , several wines by the glass , sangria prepared and prosecco draft . there are also plenty of beers by the bottle can and bottles of wine available for purchase that you can enjoy there or take to your next location . the venue offers a front porch and picnic tables , an interior bar and tables , a back porch with some tables ( often with a food truck waiting to provide you some delicious munchies ) and a side area with porch swings in the shade . depending on your mood , you have a large number of seating options atmospheres to choose from .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing outdoor atmosphere ! i highly suggest this hidden gem because they offer a large selection of local beers ! they have fridges with cheese , meats , olives , wine and beer . it 's a small house with few tables so it 's a spring and summer spot because it would be very crowded in the winter . i love the atmosphere though and our service was great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is such a chill , laid back spot . this is my first time here and the backyard is a perfect area to hang out with friends . this is a throwback to what noda was and should be if it truly was a small neighborhood area focused on the community . i 've had a pleasant time here tonight and am looking forward to a return visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided to check this our after a few positive reviews from google plus - i was very happy to visit and found myself a new regular barber shop . this is classic barber shop with some modern touches like leather couches , flatscreen tv and newspapers magazines . when i popped in , it felt like more going to friends place - the owner and barbers were very friendly . i did n't have much a wait and the barber paid alot of attention to the detail of my cut . in general , i got exactly what i wanted and the price was $ 17 . i definitely will return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decided to try this place after passing by everyday for work . best decision i 've made in a long time . tried many stylists before , most of them are n't consistent . i told george what i wanted and he nailed it every single visit . it 's a small shop but everyone makes you feel at home , even clients .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing spot . did n't wait at all and got there at noon on saturday . i 'm from new york and will come here every weekend just for a haircut ! kidding , but great spot for sure anytime i 'm here . 3 more experienced looking barbers . did n't care which one cut me . got george the owner and he was great . made conversation . comfortable atmosphere . phone was ringing as soon as he hung up . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "victims of their own success , went three time during the week , daytime hours , always booked up . they 've lost me as a customer . parking is tough as every store has earmarked parking and you end up walking a mile.fine if you 're healthy , not good if you 're undergoing cancer treatment . sorry guys but i 'm moving on .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is a classic barber shop and the best cut in markham . with three chairs it is a busy place full of locals . the barber lounge has great location in the heart of main street markham and reasonable prices . just ask for george who mans the chair closest to the front window .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "george and crew are the best in the gta . great guys and lots of laughs . i moved 30km away but still make the trek . they 're worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "barber lounge was an okay experience . i went here a few times and i really only went there because it was not pricey . the haircut personnel aka the barbers are somewhat friendly at the beginning but could not recommend me a style and during the last time i went gave me a rather bad style . i could n't necessarily complain since it was already done and thus i am here writing a mediocre review . i suggest trying this place out once for the price but remember there is no hair rinsing after the cut . so i hope you live nearby or have someone to drive you and not mind the hair pieces falling into the car .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have only been here twice now , but love the place ! great haircuts for the right price of $ 19 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely top value for the money . looking for breakfast , the waitress directed me to their daily breakfast special -- 3 eggs , bacon , toast and potatoes for about $ 6 . everything was excellent , and for dollars less than sunset grill and some other local spots . why would anyone want to pay more for a breakfast at mcd 's ? the place is small , but maybe that is part of its charm . this place goes to the top of my list !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location has gone by many names , and i 've eaten at them all . donelly 's is worth a visit . whomever took this place over knows how to make a waffle - i 've been there twice , and that 's what i keep getting . last time i had a side of sausage - also delicious . prices are good , service is welcoming and friendly - its just a great spot to grab sunday breakfast with a friend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best breakfast lunch diners in newmarket . from the moment you enter you will feel like family . i 've yet to find something on the menu that i do n't like . excellent food , attentive service and great prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a preacher dressed like elvis showed up and ruined my lunch . ca n't make this up.. then started singing elvis tunes crazy right . food was good ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love breakfast joints , and this was one of the better organized joints i 've visited lately . the options were wonderful ( even something for my mom , who is vegetarian ) , and the food is generously portioned . the waitstaff were wonderful polite , and helpful to us first-timers . it 's easy to drive by and not even notice that this place exists , but it 's definitely worth a try , especially for anyone who loves breakfast !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our hockey team comes for breakfast every monday and wednesday for special 3eggs bacon home fries coffee for 4.99 before 11am.always good . excellent service from tesha and christine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there for breakfast yesterday . the food was very good . i had eggs with bacon and sausage , and fruit in the side . the eggs over eat were cooked perfectly and the sausage is fantastic ! i have some pretty severe good issues , and donnelly 's always is able to serve me a good breakfast with lots of options . they are also able to cater to gluten free . just let them know that you need a separate pam for the back or sausage . the waitress was very attentive , but not hovering . the prices for breakfast were very good for the amount of food we got . one of the best values for the buck i 've been too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "affordable and cozy . in for a late breakfast and there were about 25 people eating , pretty much packing the place . the attentive staff were efficient and friendly . eggsellent eggs benedict ! i even paid with applepay ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome breakfast eggs home fries delicious . pancake so fluffy kids enjoy it price is way cheaper than other breakfast places . will come back for sure : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for an excellent breakfast at a reasonable price this is the place to go ! excellent service and most importantly great home fries and hash browns . all candian breakfast is first rate and so are the eggs benedict . place is on east side of leslie north of davis by shanahan ford .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the layout to fuel up your car . there is plenty of room for cars to safely use all pumps and the turn to get to a different aisle or pump is easy due to the wide lanes . the gas prices at superpumpers are generally more expensive , thus the deduction of a star . the convenience store is awesome with plenty of delicious coffee , slurpees , hot dogs , and any other gas store food item beverage you could want . the store is always clean and well lit both inside and outside , which is a huge bonue when you are filling up your tank at night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok i 'll admit it , i really just like this place for it 's name .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the model superpumper , very clean , i do n't see broken doors or anything broken on the gas stations . the staff is very laid back yet intelligent , they were so nice and made me feel welcome . the location is convenient and really shows what this company strives for in their locations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "antonio is the best when it comes to customer service that i have ever experienced . always super friendly , funny and courteous . i stop by this store on the regular especially after work and it 's always so nice to come in and be greeted by antonio . the lines can sometimes be long between 5-6pm but he always makes it worth it with his funny humor and friendliness . he is true value and asset to company !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming to this gas station for years . one day i walk in and to make a long story short , the store manager basically showed me no respect . she had a bad attitude and a very nasty tone . so i emailed corporate and not only did they handle the situation but they offered me a gift card . i know it 's hard to find good people so i do n't blame the company . like i said , they took care of the problem so i will keep coming here with my business .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pulled in to fill up and left immediately upon seeing the gas prices . 80 cents more per gallon than the shell 10 minutes south of here is excessive and unnecessary . i assume they get away with it because there is no competition in the immediate vicinity , but i do not recommend supporting this rip-off of a business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decent place to get gas . restrooms could use a little attention , but overall it was a good experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice mom and pop place . the decor is very 80 's but it 's very clean . ordered chicken soulvaki and it was good . salad was fresh . too bad it does not have roast potato .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was a nice spot for lunch . this is a very friendly , casual greek restaurant . i had the feeling that most of the customers are regulars who visit at least a couple times a week . the man behind the counter ( george , possibly ) seemed to know everyone . he asked me if i had been there before , then went off on how great the daily special was ( chicken souvlaki with salad and rice ) . i was kind of craving gyros , though , so to his disappointment , i ordered it . i regret it later when i saw how amazing the special looked on other tables . foodwise , it was your standard fare quality . my only complaint is that they did n't seem to understand the whole `` dairy allergy '' thing so i got big blocks of feta on my salad . but hey , the feta appears to be the real deal and there was lots of it . it was pretty easy to move them off the salad more or less in one piece .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i recently purchased a rental property and needed two new exterior locks . contacted kinnear lock and spoke to johnny the owner . i was expecting to have to book an appointment for some time in the future but was pleasantly surprised that johnny would be able to do the job later that day . johnny was quick , professional and hilarious . was very happy with the service and would recommend kinnear lock to any of my family and or friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was a pleasure dealing with john , the owner , and mike , who both helped me by repairing an old lock at a great price . i 'm really glad i did n't read that first review , otherwise i might not have gone here . this is my first review on yelp , but i was so pleased with the service ( and , i have to admit , the good humor of the place ) that i wanted to go out of my way to do this .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a middle age men copied 4 keys charging 80 bucks without receipt . make sure asking them price list before doing business with them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great help recently when a key broke in a lock for one of my clients . turnaround time was great , and great customer service to let me know step by step when someone would be there and when the job would be completed . it 's refreshing to have such good service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my cousins and i saw the sign for this place while driving , and it boasted 350 flavors of tabacco . what the hell ? that 's crazy-talk . we stopped by , i 'm pretty sure all of the employees were native american . come to think of it , i 'm pretty sure this is the border of a reservation , since the casino was a stone 's throw away . plus , ya know , the name of the place . we were carded right away , because apparently this 26 yr old looks 17 . the place was packed ! and , there 's a drive-thru ! there really are 350 different flavors of tobacco here . i did n't count , but i 'm almost sure of it . my friend bought some flavored cigars , because it said al capone smoked them on the box . they have cool lighters too . maybe i was just in awe because i do n't see shops like this in san diego . what a tourist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the drive-thru . trucked it on thru tonite and rolled out in less than 4 minutes with my super cheap carton of marlboros and a smile on my face . the lady at the window was awesome and funny . why pay more for name-brand cancer ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not a smoker . but my visitors are . we were used to driving all the way up to srpmic for cheaper smokes until we found this shop - way closer ! much more than carton cigarettes - loose tobacco , supplies , cigars ... nicer shop ! great prices ! no sales tax ! and a drive through ( although was not open at the time we visited ) ... worth the trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has everything you cancer lovers need . plus , no sales tax . aww yeeahh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a convenience store and a tobacco store combined . very very clean ! i was impressed . adequate parking out front , as a gas station 's convenience store would have . i did n't check out the gas prices , but they had drinks and snacks inside the store . two cashiers working the register and one lady working the tobacco area . the cartons of cigarettes ranged from $ 45 to $ 65 ... pall mall , kool and camel are $ 45 , american spirit was $ 65 , marlboro was a little less . the restroom was fairly clean . we do n't smoke ... we were checking out prices for our cousin .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the price of cigarettes , but as soon as i walked in the door an older women workin there stairs at me then walks up asks me for i 'd so i went to hand it to her and she snatched it out of my hand . she then gave me a very dirty look because my i 'd is a california i 'd . i walk up to counter to tell the other girl wat i wanted , and she had an attitude as well ... prices are great , but the people that work there are extremely rude . i 'd rather pay the extra 3 $ and go to a gas station .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the best toyota dealership in town . if you are looking to buy , call gay . she is amazing ! ! i will never buy a car from anyone else . we have purchased many cars from her and she always gives us great deals . we love toyota and have never bee disappointed with any of our vehicles . they are so reliable and they offer great service here . if you make an appointment , it is much better and you wo n't have to wait as long . but it is a toyota , and as long as you do regular required maintenance you should never have a problem and need major service . i highly recommend this dealership and gay . you will love her and never buy a car anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "http : pinterest.com joevintage broken-scion-tc-s-xbs hundreds of thousands of 2005 - 2011 scion xb & tc owners around the world have a common problem , hatch garnish breaks from normal repeated use . hydraulic shocks that assist the heavy truck hatch to pop open , go out & the weak plastic clips break off causing garnish & hatch release cable mechanism to dangle . owners are forced to tape glue garnish into place which causes safely issues in covering brake lights.toyota knows of issue but refused to compensate owners & take financial responsibility .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they will do anything to sell you a car , including lying to you about what is included in your service packages ! buyer beware", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great customer service by ct charles , alex and richard the service guy ! thank you ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after great service the fist time , this time round was n't so great . we had an inkling of an idea ourselves the alternator was the problem - which we mentioned to jt , as a new battery was put in yesterday . so with this in mind i would have hoped jt would have included a new alternator into the estimate ... .. just to give us the worse case possible ... ..he did not . so instead we walk away with a quote for $ 600 ! sounds great right ? ! ? ? ! well about 1hr later we get a call back with major major problems ! this is what we need : 1 . new alternator 2 . 4 x new brake pads 3 . new belt 4 . the coolants leaking and this needs to be fixed.. and more ... major $ $ $ $ $ $ $ later ! ! ! ! omg and the craziest part of this whole story ... we just went in for servicing in january 2017 ... it is now may 1 2017 ... not happy ! but what can you do ? ? ? ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it may be due to the right time . but i purchased a toyota corolla 2013 just last week . the sales rep i dealt with were two gentlemen named carlos & jp . they were great . not pushy and gave me space to make the right decision for myself . i did all my research in buying a car and was ready to bargain . they were able to sell me the car below mrsp and for the price i wanted to pay . no haggling and it was one of the best experiences i had purchasing a 'big ticket item . ' not only were they great expediting paperwork and car under 2 hours . the follow up has been great ever since . if you want to get a new toyota , i would go to the findlay toyota in henderson first and get a good deal and work with sales reps like carlos and jp that want you to have the very best car for you and your family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best of the best ! great service from dennis and tony ! i was in and out under an hour leasing a xle highlander ! good job guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the dealer i bought my car from and the one i get it serviced at . this is a great place , they have two diff . service areas . one for minor services , and one for major services , warranty or repairs . the minor service part is fast if you have apt . , or if they are not bzy that day . can have a long wait if you pull up and there is a lot of people in frt . of you . if you got to the snack counter while in for service they will give you free stuff while you wait . they also found the tire air leak that 3 tire stores could not find ! ! ! yes its free to repair at tire store but if they cant fix it is it worth the price ? would recommend this dealer for anything you need on a toyota .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bad customer service on service drive . no one available , smug , queried 6 different service agents , no one wanted to help until a girl finally got frustrated and said geez ok i 'll help . pathetic ... this tundra owner wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after months of searching for a car , and multiple trips back and forth to dealerships , i finally bunkered down and picked out a toyota prius . i dealt with kody and antwaun , and they were both exceptionally helpful ! they answered all of my questions , even the phone calls after business hours when i had forgotten prices for the extended warranties and so on . i also changed my mind over the last few weeks from a used yaris to a new yaris , to a new corolla , to a used prius , and finally to the new prius . they did n't even try to upsell , i did it on my own ! i really appreciated their patience with my constant changes . i have yet to get anything serviced so i ca n't give any advice on that front , but if you are looking for friendly staff they are definitely top notch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came in a few weeks ago and left with a brand new corolla le eco ! we had amazing service and great help from their financing department . they offer great deals on service and maintenance and i could n't be happier !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i already got my 3rd car from findlay toyota , also i have 2 referrals and they are so happy about the services and friendly people there . chai in the sales department its being helping us since 2010 and every time i had to take my car for repair richard torres always help me with a big smile and a great attitude like the rest of the employees i never had every issue there and i love them because after 5 years of going there i feel like family when i arrive . i did go to other dealers before i when there back in 2010 and had really bad experience and at findlay i feel so happy even on the internet sales department i bought a car from them great job i just went to put `` air '' in my tires . and walk out with a brand new toyota corolla : ) keep up with the great job guy ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do yourself a favor and ask for yuvo granich only ! he 's awesome ! we purchased two vehicles from him yesterday and we 're completely satisfied . he showed us all our options and was completely honest on which car we can have lower monthly payments on . you just have to be a little persistent on what you want from them . he was very patient . we did n't deal with anyone else but him , but the whole staff seemed friendly . even got a $ 5 gift card from target and two wet n ' wild tickets for test driving a vehicle . i highly recommend this dealership and this salesman .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in to get a recall fixed on my car . my ailment was perfect before coming in to get my recall fixed . they called me to tell me that i had a nail in my front driver tire . i asked them to take out the nail and patch the tire for me . after the recall and tire patch i drove off and my ailment was completely off and to the left . the same side in which they fixed my tire . i had to drive back and tell them about the issue . the service advisor said that they had nothing to do with that . after a long conversation back and forth he finally decided to get the ailment fixed . i had to stay longer for something that was not wrong with the car before i even came in . nobody showed or cared for my time . i am upset that my whole day was wasted from poor work that was done at this service center . i do not feel as though this is a trust worthy service center .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had been to findlay toyota 3 times in the past 2 weeks due to my toyota prius ' abs malfunctioning and they have taken really good care of me . phil crabtree was absolutely helpful and when we could n't find out what was causing the abs light to go off , set me up with a rental car for free . i came back the next day to pick up my car and they had replaced the brake fluids free of charge and even filled my gas up a bit . it was very frustrating having to take my car in multiple times but findlay toyota do their best to make it convenient for you . i was very impressed at how consistent their customer service is as i usually only see this type of service when dealers sell you a car for the first time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you ever find yourself at findlay toyota because your car needs repair , go with andrew wilhems . he was the most attentive employee i 've ever had the pleasure of working with in that facility . my experience was phenomenal , and that 's rare to say when discussing a vehicle repair job . due to some insurance issues , it took almost three weeks to fix my car , but andrew ensured that i remained informed throughout the entire process . he also ensured to regularly update me on all accompanying charges ; i can appreciate that attention to detail . by the time my car was ready , i was virtually stress- free and there were no surprises , thanks to andrew . hopefully my car wo n't require more repair anytime soon but if it does , i know exactly to whom to take it . thanks for all of your help , andrew !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just bought a brand new 2017 rav4 and i could n't be more pleased with the service i received when picking out a new vehicle . my sales guy was howard m and he could n't of been more patient , accommodating , and knowledgeable . alex was great too , i could n't of been happier with all people involved . i found out my trade in car was in an accident before i bought it , and the whole team was so helpful in working out a deal so that i could come out ahead still after the terrible news . howard was the sales person for my boyfriend and his father 's vehicle . they also liked him so much that they told me i should n't go to any body else to buy my vehicle . and i 'm so happy i took their advice . definitely the best experience i have ever had purchasing a vehicle ! ! thank you findlay toyota team ! ! especially howard , you will forever be my sales guy ! ! if someone i know ever needs a vehicle i know who to send them too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mochiko chicken ! that 's my go-to dish at this little shop on durango owned and operated by chef tony , a one-man show . he takes your orders and then cooks up the food , serving it to you hot and fresh . the mochiko chicken is served with kung pao broccoli , peanuts , and white rice . the chicken itself has a slightly sweet crunch to it , asian comfort food at its tastiest . this bowl of goodness is my favorite thing on the menu here and i would probably have it every day if we lived closer . stop by the rice shop and try one of chef tony 's flavorful dishes for yourselves .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "man.. this place is amazing ! it 's a small spot , but delicious food ! i got the mochiko chicken bowl and everything inside blended well . the owner was very friendly and took the time to explain what 's in each bowl . if you 're looking for a quick lunch this is the spot . my girlfriend got the kentucky fried fish and i plan on getting that next . it 's a clean spot owned by an experienced chef . prices are fair !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great portion for a rice bowl to be bought in this place . i ordered the mochiko chicken bowl . this little restaurant has great potential . the owner manager was really helpful and i do n't know if he was the only worker there if he was he 's doing a great job . very friendly guy too and i give him props for recommending the good ones off the menu . my bowl cost about $ 10 and it was a good amount . the chicken was juicy and the sauce had great consistency with the bowl . definetly will visit again since it 's only a minute away from me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome , flavorful and fresh . i had the thai shrimp gumbo , and my son had the kentucky fried fish . both were excellent ! highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sooooo i was n't overly impressed with my first visit here . my pork belly was so dry ! it was almost like eating jerky which was not very fun . i was a bit disappointed as i wanted and had expected pork belly with a crusty skin but soft and juicy on the inside . the sauce that they put over it is a bit on the spicier side so just beware . i guess you can always get the sauce on the side if needed too . overall did it satisfy my hunger ? ? ? this is definitely a lunch place and if you are really really hungry like me who skipped breakfast you may still be hungry . i burn a lot of calories teaching 4 periods of math before i get a lunch break . apparently the best dish to get is the fried fish which at the time did n't seem appetizing to me . i 'm willing to give it another chance though to see how it shapes up . place is small but we like supporting local businesses if they are deeeeeeelis-ious !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing flavor in every dish ! this is fine dining fast food at it 's best . you can taste the attention to detail in every bite ... the seasoning , the sourcing of the freshest ingredients , the hours spent perfecting each dish . really a great find . try it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service and the food is bomb ! mochiko chicken and kentucky fried fish is exceptional ! i 'll be coming back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! i had the chicken bowl ; so much flavor . i will definitely be back next week with my boyfriend to try another bowl .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is strictly for the service center because they are the absolute worst ! ! i want to thank mike in the service center for your undeniably rude customer service . we dropped our car off at 8 in the morning for service and was told that by 4 it would be ready . 4:49 came around and no call . i call to speak with mike to find out the time frame and he says it will be ready tomorrow with no estimated time . i asked him why ; when we dropped it off in the morning and he automatically became defensive and responded with `` well yeah and so did a lot of other people '' and started to shoot off a list of supposed things that needed to be done , which is fine . he could have done without the attitude and explained to me calmly what was happeining . i look forward to meeting with you in person to thank you personally for amazing customer service !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've picked up my last 4 bmw 's in the last 3 years from jason hulse and justin sullivan at bmw henderson . they are my `` go to '' people for my bmw 's and henderson is way out of my way . these two gentlemen are true professionals always providing exceptional customer service in the sales process and most importantly , they both continue this exceptional customer service after the sale . i highly recommend working with justin and jason for your bmw purchase .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i drove down there today looking to buy a car we saw online . when we parked we saw a few salesmen standing in the front so we got out and walked around . no one acknowledged us , not even a simple smile or a hello . we walked around for about 15 minutes looking for the car and were so surprised no one bothered to even help us . we ended up leaving , and drove straight to lexus of las vegas where we were immediately greeted and needless to say we are very happy with our new gs 350 ! the bmw dealership was a big disappointment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have a `` money pit '' for an x5 and i have n't owned it a year . bmw scottsdale replaced the entire coolant system ; desert handled the rest of the major work . my service advisor bill kept me beyond informed & he was very quick to return calls . my tech enrique meet with me & showed me the faulty parts & how they worked . whenever he saw me there he was quick to let me know where he was at . since i 'm suing the girl who sold me this `` very well maintained '' vehicle ... they boxed my old parts for me as evidence . that i 'm in this x5 for $ 18k now , i 'm keeping it ... .it 's practically brand new ! ! new fuel pump & sensors , air suspension , fixed axle , new rims & tires , fuel gauge is fixed ... .i 'm back to loving this car . still things to be done , nothing major , & can be dealt with elsewhere ... i 'll be back ... .but hopefully not for a long time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "purchased a used vehicle from bmw in henderson in february 2017 . unfortunately , i am use to luxury dealerships treating you with respect and professionalism . this dealership left alot to be desired after we drove the vehicle off the lot . basically they could care less about you - period . we contacted them a few days after we purchased the vehicle asking where the rim locking nut was , since they had claimed they changed to tires . we figured they forgot to put it back in the vehicle . the sales associate assured us he would get back to us the next day , we never heard from him . we then went to the dmv to register the vehicle and discovered that we were never provided the dealer report of sale and the excuse we received was `` things happen '' . yeah , that 's right things happen , like myself taking my business elsewhere and discouraging family and friends from purchasing from them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i sent a few emails about buying a car and sebastian replied within 20 minutes . by the time i showed up at the dealer an hour later , the car was washed , the trade in manager was ready for inspection of my trade , and the offer paper work was done . this was the quickest and least stressful visits ever to dealer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great customer service . no pressure sales made me feel real comfortable . a huge thank you to al smith for helping get the car i 've always wanted .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend and i recently stopped by to look at a 2013 7-series . when we arrived we found that they have a fairly large selection of vehicles that were actually well equipped and at reasonable prices . unfortunately , we were left to meandered around the dealer lot for at least 20 minutes without ever receiving any assistance . i notice one or two sales reps looking out at us from inside the showroom however no one opted to even step outside . the dealer appeared to be all but empty at the time . after about 30 minutes my friend and i made our way to our car to leave which is when we were finally approached by a sales associate . unfortunately by that time they had lost two potential customers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as it turns out , the car i just purchased from bmw in henderson is the fourth car we have purchased from them in 10 years . and each experience was positive . this latest search for a car started with curt in the service department . he guided me through a situation that was not going well for me . he put me in touch with daryl cox in sales and finance and eventually i worked with al smith in internet sales and mohamed mboup who helped me when i arrived at the dealership . that 's just the sales group . then i finished up with the finance department . that 's a lot of people to deal with and a potential for feeling like i was being tossed around and my time was being wasted . instead , this team made it feel like i was dealing with one cohesive sales group who quickly guided me and completed the test drive , sales , and financing smoothly and without wasting any of my time . well done . i 'm happy to give my feedback .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bmw henderson has terrible , horrible , and the worst service . i had to buy my car at bmw las vegas even though my home is walking distance to henderson bmw . the dealer at henderson bmw gave my terrible deal and told me that 's the best deal she could give me . after purchasing my car at bmw las vegas , i requested to transfer registration service to bmw henderson since they have same ownership . when i called bmw henderson , they just totally ignored me and informed me that i need to call the one where i bought my car from . highly recommend bmw las vegas , the dealers will help you get all discounts and good deals that you are qualified for and the service rep really takes care about you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "leland was my salesmen and he was so awesome ! he was fast and worked with what we wanted and gave us a great price for my new x1 . the place was nice and clean , they gave us cute bmw waters haha . i would totally buy my next car from leland.. if you go ask for him and say you know me . he will hook you up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wanted a wheel alignment and told them i also was getting new tires the next day . washed my car while in service and broke my wiper switch . at pick up they told me to get a re alignment ( $ 40 more ) after you get your new tires ( tell me that before the first alignment ) . sign says free fluid check and top the levels off if needed , they did not . brought car back back to do other work and get wiper switch fixed , picked up car and wiper switched was n't fixed . brought back for third time in a week to get wiper fixed and a full detail on the car and only did inside . service number was left on rearview mirror and large screwdriver was left on my leather passenger seat ( not sure why it was ever left in the car the first place ) . waste of time and will spend my money else where . you should do the same , you have been warned .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first off , it 's no secret that purchasing a car at a dealership can be stressful and irritating , but with mutual compromise , it does n't have to be . most dealers seem to respect the fact that there are indeed some educated and skillful negotiators out there , however bmw of henderson does not . had they not have had the one car that my wife wanted , i would have been out of there in a heartbeat . would have been nice to get my owners manual and second key-fob for my 2013 vehicle , but chances are i will never see that . i am a true believer that any poorly managed business will ultimately run its course ; so rather than going on a rant , i truly and honestly only wish them the best of luck .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i recently purchased a used 2010 m3 here . i found the car for sale through bmwusa.com and gave these guys a call . i spoke with michael turpin and worked out a price both sides were happy with and put down a deposit so they would hold the car for me until i could check out the car in person and finalize the deal ( i live in la ) . the car was as advertised and michael even offered to pick me up at the airport and drive me to chase to finalize my loan . i ended up not needing either but it 's the thought that counts ! overall it was a friendly and painless transaction .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "brandon helped me after i was almost gon na give up getting a bmw , since i had bad experiences in the other dealership at sahara . the two sales people were snobbish and impatient . they did not ask me what i want to see , but rushed me to give them my current car info for trade-in value . but later brandon contacted me and i was thinking this guy is nice why not give it another try . he did not push me to buy any of the in stock cars , but also said i can build a car , which was exactly what i wanted . i am very picky on details sometimes making myself an unpleasant customer , but i really will buy if i get good salesmanship . i waited 8 weeks and finally saw my beautiful car with metallic blue color ! absolutely love it ! thanks brandon for his patience and professionalism !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my car in on wednesday for a diagnostics and it has taken 4 days and no one has seen my car as of yet very poor service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "on a long trip from seattle to arizona when i found myself in need of a new back tire . 350 miles away , henderson bmw was the closest dealer with my tire in stock as i headed south . one call to service rep daniel and i was taken care of . limped into a henderson hotel that evening at 10 pm , the service department had me on my way before noon with two new tires and an oil change . everyone i delt with was professional and courteous , and everything you 'd expect from a bmw dealership . ca n't say enough about them getting me on my way without missing a beat or any delay in my trip south .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a fantastic dealership . i highly recommend talking to feri if you are interested in buying a new car . i 've been trying to get an m2 for a while now and since there 's a waiting list to get one , it would 've been almost impossible to get one until the end of the year . feri was able to find me one and have it delivered in 2 weeks ! i picked it up last week and have been loving it . as far as their prices , they 're very upfront with their quotes and willing to work with you to get you into the car that you want .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as usual , another great experience with bmw of henderson . we came in to look at new x3 models . our 'perfect ' car happened to be on the lot ! we never dreamed we 'd be able to drive it home that day , but our sales agent , fernando guzman , and his team , made that possible . we were able to trade in our car , and do all paperwork the same day . fernando went out of his way to expedite this , which we really appreciated , as we were going to be out of town the next day . thank you again , fernando , and bmw of henderson for making this such a pleasant transaction .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a rotten day last week and then my car decided to add to my misery -- i arrived in a terrible mood -- but amanda at the service desk was very kind , offered me a cold water and i noticed myself relaxing and enjoying tv in the waiting area -- -car was done in less than an hour ! the whole crew was great -- -but her welcoming hospitality changed my day -- and so did the bill -- -way less than my husband estimated -- thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely recommend ! walked in to get exactly what i saw and wanted online ! quick and easy sale ! if you want to be in and out do your research on their website first and walk in with what you like : ) chelsea helped me out , and she was fast at getting all the paperwork done . i got there around 8pm and was done and sold by 9pm", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after going to almost all dealerships n finding nothing we stopped at bmw n immediately feel in love with a x1 , previously i 've taken cars out off ford , nissan and infinity and it was a drag but our sales man bruce made the whole car purchase experience be so enjoyable and smooth within 20min we were out on a new car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service department is awesome , from the service advisors , service manager , techs and cashier are always willing to help . i would for sure recommend this dealership .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a certified pre-owned 2011 528i . everything was fine until the next morning i noticed a noticeable crack on the front wind-shield . i called leland marquez who was my sales specialist at bmw henderson who called me back immediately and took care of it . ended up that the crack was already filled in but since it was noticeable , they replaced the whole windshield . you can buy with confidence and look for leland who will follow up with your concerns .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "big kudos to eric ziegenbein and his team steven ramos and thomas and finance manager jason brewis . amazing buying experience , above and beyond .. thanks again guys . you rock ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm 19 and just bought my first very own car and the car buying experience was nothing i expected . jeff anderson made everything so easy and got me the car i wanted . he was so kind and went out of his way to help me with everything i needed . i could n't be happier with my new car or the service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so many great things to say.. i dont know where to begin . service and sales are the best ... its family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "faranak fereidouni was our salesperson and we could n't be more happier . excellent customer service , i even called her when i was having some technical difficulty with my car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent customer service ! ! ! ! chelsey , alex the genius and the manager are really amazing persons ! ! ! recommend them 100 % after the worst customer service @ bmw las vegas , at bmw henderson they do their best to fix it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brought my car to henderson bmw for service again . could not pick it up again without leaving a review . richard is without a doubt the best service adviser i have had the pleasure to deal with . car is always ready on time if not earlier , and always clean . thanks , richard", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i flew from san francisco to to las vegas after about a week of working with the nicest car salesman i 've ever met , leland , thank you so much for getting me approved for the coolest 4 series i 've seen so far . i could n't be happier with not only my purchase of this cpo car with a warranty for 75,000 miles but the whole experience of dealing bmw of henderson . leland marquez the sales person i was dealing with picked me up from the airport first thing in the morning 30 minutes before the dealership was even open just to accommodate my flight . definitely the nicest salesperson i 've ever dealt with especially after my car purchase experience . a car dealership sold me a car that had been in an accident and did n't disclose it ! had to take it back and needless to say i did my due diligence not only on a specific car , but a dealerships . if you 're looking for a bmw in the las vegas area , go to henderson bmw , they 'll treat you like family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best dealership experiences i 've had . justin was very professional , and up-front with everything . no pressure or haggling , and the entire process was quick and easy . most of all , i absolutely love my new car ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was really hesitating getting a new car as we all know we do want to deal with the fuss and muss and negotiating and getting a bad deal . i will say that when i first walked in , it was very welcoming . the recently renovated and it looks great and has an awesome smell ! i worked with ferri and can i just say wow ! i walked in having an idea in my head . before i test drove any of the vehicles i wanted numbers first and that is exactly what she gave me . she was so patient and very sweet . i ended up getting a car that was n't in that specific lot and she had it driven in from the sahara location . if you are looking for a good experience , see ferri !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sometimes less is more ... this dealership is terrible , it looks nice , but their service is the worst . from sales to service i 'm not sure how they stay open , actually i do it 's because of the bmw brand . if this was any other dealer they would be out of business . every time i take my car in for service i expect to get treated poorly so i do n't get disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "al smith came up to us as soon as we parked . and we rolled out of there with a preloved bmw ! thank you al smith and jason in finance for taking care of us !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased my previous bmw from jackie cooper bmw in oklahoma city and they were absolutely terrible , so i am pleased to report that henderson bmw offers a superior car buying experience . i leased a new 3 series and they made the process remarkably quick and easy . make sure to ask for justin . he did n't pressure me , he just listened and helped me find exactly what i was looking for . thanks henderson bmw and justin !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great staff but especially my sales associate bruce emens , i would highly recommend him to anyone needing a new or used bmw . he made my car buying experience enjoyable by having the paperwork ready and the numbers up front . i hope that you 'll give these guys a call if you need a car , because they were honest and upfront with me through the whole process . the finance department was friendly , succinct and professional as well . the showroom was immaculate and my car looked like brand new at delivery ( i bought a used bmw 328i ) . by the way , they helped me hook up bluetooth from my phone to the car and explained the incredibly easy interface process . now all i have to do is drive it . a little paperwork still needed to be hand filled out , it 's for `` office purposes '' , it did feel a little odd in this day and age .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service . the staff is awesome because they 're friendly and have a great sense of humor . david b. was professional , not pushy and also great help in finding our new gem . i would highly recommend going to this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best place to shop for your new or used car . they are very concerned about their clients and customers . this is by far the best car buying experience . shane w. goes the extra mile to make his customers comfortable and happy . great place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just purchased a bmw 640i gran coupe from bmw of henderson . the purchase was extremely smooth from start to finish ... it was the easiest , most hassle free car purchase i 've ever made . my sales person is mike pyon , i highly recommend him . he looked out for me in every way and made sure i was happy throughout the entire purchase process . mike went above and beyond for me ... i will be a long time customer of this bmw dealership .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the dealer was able to find a specific color within my budget in a very short amount of time . i was able to pick the car via phone and texts from out of town ahead of time . saved me a lot time and trouble . many thanks to my sales fari . very efficient . thumbs up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently leased my new bmw from this location and it was the best experience i 've ever had at a car dealership . kwasi agyemang made the experience absolutely fantastic . from my first e-mail to the dealership through driving off the lot , kwasi had answers to all of my questions and was more than willing to go the extra mile to get everything to work . customer satisfaction is clearly an emphasis at this dealership and kwasi is no exception . i felt incredibly comfortable working with kwasi and the rest of the staff and have no doubt that when this lease is up , i will be returning to lease with him and bmw henderson once more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank to the henderson bmw for my new x5 ... . justin sullivan is awsome , finance manager jason and cool general manager pretty much the entire teams at this dealership have make my purchase easy and smooth . loving my new wheels : ) i would highly recommend and will be buying from them again in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place . leland , our salesman was amazing . he made everything go very smooth while my husband and i traded in our 4 series for a brand new x5 . went to get my car washed today and it looks beautiful . also , garrett was very helpful . he remembered me from a few weeks ago when we bought the x5 and took it to top off the gas today . talk about service . everyone is so friendly . when it is time to buy our next bmw we will definitely buy from leland again . thanks to everyone here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "professional , responsive , courteous and honest . efficiency at its finest . i would absolutely recommend this dealership to family & friends . bmw henderson made my purchase easy and stress free . chris , fairy ( sales ) and paulette ( finance ) were all amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently purchased a new 2014 320i from bmw of henderson . i can honestly say i could n't be more satisfied with whole purchase process . from my initial contact with sales team to signing the final documents i enjoyed the entire experience . everyone treated me friendly and with respect . i could n't ask for more . i will be recommending bmw of henderson to friends , family , and associates .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the worst experience buying my new 2014 x5 from this dealership . the original salesman al smith was rude and horrible to deal with . than my brand new car had recalls . i brought it in for horrible service . and than a month later my brand new car broke down . again to horrible service . they have had my car for over a month and they never call me back and when it was being towed in their was damage done to my wheels and rims . they refuse to own the damage and feel i could have possibly hit my left tires on a curb . as if this is even possible ? i drive in the us on the right side of the road as per the laws of the land . they are arrogant horrible people from the sales people to the service person mike to the general manager eric . the biggest liar and cheat of them all . but what else can you expect from your employees if this is your leader ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible , high-pressure customer service and totally unscrupulous business tactics . the most unpleasant experience i have ever had renting a car . i am still fighting them for overcharging me by more than $ 60 for a seemingly straightforward , 2-day rental . i would recommend avoiding them if possible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst experience - website lets you rent a vehicle even when there are zero vehicles . thrifty thinks it 's acceptable to make you wait 3 hours for a car with no guarantee you 'll get one or force you to upgrade at an extra cost $ $ $ with no financial compensation . this is not acceptable ! ! ! this happened to me and 6 other renters . i reached out to the car company to be compensated and they offered me an insulting offer that did n't even cover 1 2 the cost required to upgrade my vehicle so i could have one , and on top of that because i had to wait hours for a car i missed the surprise 90th birthday party that made me rent the car to begin with . never go there !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "be prepared . as others have noted , they will let you reserve cars that are not available . also many of their locations are horribly unstaffed , and they have unbelievably stupid policies . for example , if you reserve a car at 8:30 , and a bunch of people reserve theirs at 8 am , since there is likely only one staff serving them , it will take almost an hour to process the 8 am reservations . so , if you show up on time for your appointment , you will lose out to someone who arrives at 9am for their 8am reservation . that 's the thrifty 'bonus ' to you for being on time . so for this particular car rental company always book the earliest time slot ! or try another rental company , you can find better deals elsewhere anyway ; do n't just rely on priceline !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent presentation . pleasant atmosphere . comfy chairs . unique menu of flavorful , healthy thai and japanese favorites , and some unique offerings . my wasabi comes shaped like a leaf . one itty , bitty , teeny , tiny paper napkin ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was very nice restaurant , server is very friendly . we only order curry and a roll , i liked taiga roll which is rapped by cucumber instead of rice . we most disappointed was hot sake . small house sake is over $ 10 , i think that was very expensive for not high grade sake . they do n't have large bottle beer , which was ok i could order a small bottle for $ 4 . we might get more if price was little bit more reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first impression- fantastic presentation , very artistic ! the taste does not disappoint . had the cognac duck and the scallops . scallops were tender but beware the chiles on top -- hot , hot , hot for a white boy 's palate ! definitely make sure to drizzle all the duck sauce on your rice -- the sauce is a bit sweet but light and full of flavor . one of the most enjoyable meals in awhile as the food has layers of flavors . even a simple dessert of green tea ice cream with sweet sticky rice was beautifully presented : the sphere of ice cream floated on a pillow of lightly whipped cream next to a formed square of sticky rice drizzled in sauce , with a pinch of sesame seed and a sprig of fresh peppermint ! beautiful ! ambience is not fancy , but very nice and the chairs are comfortable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there were only 9 other diners in the restaurant on this saturday evening which does not bode well for its future . we shared orders of cod delight ( fillets steamed with lime juice , thai chili , garlic , sugar , thai herbs ) and cognac duck ( grilled duck with dried pepper , lemon grass , homemade sweet tamarind sauce ) . both dishes were well executed with fresh flavors . the only negative was the cod was tad on the overdone side .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love having legitimate local restaurants so close to home ! the ambiance at taiga is more upscale than i expected , considering it used to be a sandwich shop . it 's dimly lit , with comfy armchairs for seats . the takeout counter does n't quite fit , though . service was friendly and prompt , even though we had our two kids with us . the food was all good but overly spicy . on the 1-10 scale , you should probably go 1-2 lower than usual . standout for the night was the taiga shrimp appetizer . take note that prices are also on the higher side .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lovely and warm atmosphere , with great service . the place is small and cozy . this is my second visit and i love it ! thus far , i can highly recommend the tiger and dragon rolls , the lunch specials , the spicy drunken noodles and the pork and garlic rice with egg . everything is fresh and delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a best kept secret . trendy atmosphere , great background music and personable service . the food was excellent . lunch specials for $ 7.95 do not disappoint . the sushi is fresh and delicious . nothing bad to say about this place . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "close to the office so we always go there for after-work drinks . very good pizza . i you like meat , try the chuck norris", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you have to try the chuck norris", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has the best pizza in town . i definitely recommend the classic for a simple great tasting pizza . have n't had the burgers but from what i have seen , 2 people would be full from this plate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a bit on the expensive side but good pizza ( especially the chuck norris ) . last time i was there ( party of 5 ) we had to wait 1 hour for a table . it 's one of the better restaurants on nun 's island , but then again the competition is n't as strong as in most other parts of montreal ( unfortunately ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "chez carl used to be a decent lunch place . however , my last visit was not positive . the place is simply not clean . upon arrival , we were given water . however , there were crumbs floating in my water . i swapped glasses with an empty seat to find crumbs in my new glass too ! my friend pointed out that there were spider webs on the wall directly above my seat . definitely not a great start . when my vegetarian pizza arrived , it was soggy and covered in cheese . there was no finesse - just 1 slice of tomato slopped in each corner and a few other vegetables . i would strongly recommend that other similar restaurants in the area be considered insetad .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "la pizza four a bois est leur sp\u00e9cialit\u00e9 , et c'est excellent ! les entr\u00e9es sont tout autant savoureuses . j'ai pris la salade grecque , tr\u00e8s frais . pour les amateurs de viande , la chuck norris saura vous plaire . bons desserts aussi ! carte des vins vari\u00e9e , mais assez dispendieux . bon point : vous aurez probablement des restes a apporter a la maison . n'oubliez pas de r\u00e9server les soirs de semaine , c'est tr\u00e8s plein . ils livrent partout sur l'\u00efle !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like this restaurant a lot ! generally on nun 's island there are not a lot of good restaurants at all . but chez carl is really good and worthwhile to go to . they have specialty pizza and are child friendly . there is a private parking lot so you do n't need to search forever for a spot ! i would not recommend ordering it for delivery though , the pizza does n't taste good , perhaps does n't last during the delivery period . its really great when you go there and experience it yourself . ps - the bathrooms are clean and its child friendly !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good pizza and good service . a fun place to go on nuns island when you do n't feel like les enfants terribles .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "local favorite here on nuns island for lunch and dinner or just a drink after work . great selection of pizzas ( their specialty ) but also many other things . really great outdoor terrace for summer times : ) favorite pizza : the chez carl", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the pizza of chez carl . the crust is perfect . chuck norris is a must try and the classics of pizza are as good as one can experience in the italian pizza restaurants in little italy . during the summer the outdoor patio is a wonderful place to be . one downside , when it is busy the service is really slow and the waiting time for food is more then an hour . do n't go on friday night particularly during the summer ! 8pm during week days works much more better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a dinner there with my family . i ordered a burger and a pepperoni pizza to share with my wife . we really liked both . the burgers were big , nice and juicy . the pizza was really great , on tasty thin crust . we 'll definitely dine there again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't bother looking at the menu - order the chuck norris and be prepared for a great pizza", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was an awesome buying experience . from brad showing me samples , taking measurements and placing the order to bryan installing them a few weeks later , this was a great customer experience . i will and already have given referrals out to family and friends . i also will use them again in the future . the cordless cellular honeycomb shades are very easy to operate and are beautiful in my home . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how disappoint was i when my husband returned home from a spring training trip with 20 friends and was told the bouncer at your establishment ejected my husband from the bar and told him to `` take his lesbian friends with him '' . i thought we as a society have come further than these types of remarks are we are for sure letting all our heterosexual and gay and lesbian friends to stay away from your establishment . shame on you for employing people that think they can refer to people in this manor and still have a job !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in a word , daiquiris . that 's what they are known for . they do have a small dance area , which is rarely used on the weekend nights , because everyone is getting daiquiris . all of them are really powerful . nice spot on mill ave , in tempe .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been coming to this place for years . was always great time . after a couple months of not going out , i decided to come out to fat tuesday 's for my 24th bday ( because it was my favorite place ) not knowing we have new `` security guards '' who think they are god . well , tonight my brother was tackled , put in a choke hold & brang to the police for absolutely no reason ! a guy came up to him , punched him & ran . for no reason at all . so my brother gets tackled , put in a headlock & goes to jail for absolutely nothing . lol i would never come to this establishment ever again ... i have spent thousands of dollars here & this is how patrons get treated ... ... . no thanks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i actually kind of like this place , believe it or not . as a matter of fact one of my photos on my profile is from a night at fat tuesday . i have n't been in a while , but we tend to go when it 's not as busy ( during spring break , december and the summer ) . notice the strategic anti-asu pattern there ? no offense , but fat tuesday can be a fun place with the right people . when we go we get our run of the show ( there 's usually under 20 people there ) on off-nights . the main draws being cheap $ 1 frozen daquiri drinks on wednesdays ( oh , 190 octane how i love your orange goodness ! ) , free rein with the music video requests , and a huge dance floor to ourselves . it got so fun and crazy one off-night that some chick dared melinda to a michael jackson `` thriller '' dance-off . and , well , mel just kicked her butt . word to the wise ... cheap , sticky drinks tend to equal gross sticky floors .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was stop 2 for my friends and i 's awesome pre st patty 's day drinking times . there was no line outside at about 10:15 ish . we got fireball shots for 3 $ which is a good deal imo , but other than that it was not so good . the slushies were a little on the gross side , too sweet . i got the strawberry marg and it was just too syrupy and too expensive for what you get ( like 8 $ for a 'large ' which is not that large ) . the music was fine and the dancing was fun , but i would n't say this is one of my favorite bars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "certain place on the patios you literally cant here yourself talk none the less your friend . the slushies are pretty awesome . ( strawberry and mango ) get a shot in it for $ 1 more and it helps you drink it faster : ) no cover also which is sweeet . dance floor is usually pretty empty for some reason . more of a chill bar i guess .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love , love this place . had their white russian daiquiri mixed with their tasty banana daiquiri . this particular location has more choices , i love more choices when it comes to alcohol . place is pretty large , alot of fat tuesdays tend to be much smaller . ca n't wait to have another one of their frozen delights in my hands .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give this place zero stars i would . i walked in on a busy friday night and within ten seconds i nearly slipped on their sticky floor . fortunately i caught myself and did n't fall onto their nasty floor . as soon as that happen i got told by their bouncer i needed to leave because i appeared too drunk . i tried to explain to him what happened and the fact that i almost fell but he insisted i leave and not come back . i had n't even drank anything yet . if this is how they want to do business then fine , i 'll spend my money at other bars on mill which i did .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am now aware of the fact that they do not charge covers on the weekends ... this being the case , i could now possibly see myself dropping by for one cocktail on a mill avenue binge session , but just one .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love fat tuesdays , all day happy hour tuesday ! such a great feeling to sit on the patio , have some great appetizers and people watch . we 've done it about three times and each time we had a blast", "score": "5"}
{"review": "place is awesome ! great live music going , one man band . had spinach and artichoke dip that was good . margaritas were excellent , shots were great and to top it off they took $ 5 with veebow app ! good times !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh dear lord , this place scares me . i think fat 's is the perfect place for a bar crawl for a 21st , tourists who do n't know any better , bachelorette party nightmare , or a themed night out where everyone pretends its 1990s and that daiquiris are still a cool drink . the few times i have been unwittingly dragged here , the service was always good , the drinks were strong and the food was blah . i just ca n't get over the slushie machines at the bar ( there 's something so wrong about that , when were they last cleaned ! ) and the boob beads everywhere . maybe on bourbon street , but not here , i think i 'll be going else where .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the tempe fat tueday would n't let me in because i wore basketball shorts ... ... ... ... ..yet yelp and their website mentions casual attire . i love this business but its not a short drive for me . very disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not sure what brenda b. is talking about ... this place has wayyy more than 5 types of daiquiri ! maybe she was just talking about the mixes you can order ? i tried their mango , jungle juice , and blue razz `` slushies '' and thought they were all really good ... but the mango was my favorite ... i highly recommend it , if you like mangos ! for the amount of slushi alcohol you get , their prices are really good . i went at night and it was pretty crowded , but i was able to go up to the bar and get my drink within about 5 minutes of getting in line . i just wish i could have seen what kind of alcohol is mixed into each one . i 'm sure there 's probably a list somewhere , but it was too crowded for me to see anything except the names of flavors .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great specials ! $ 5 daiquiris in so many flavors . we tried the blue raspberry . it was huge- enough for us both to share . nice ambience with indoor and outdoor seating . three stars because the servers could have been much friendlier . the bar was n't even busy and the service was cold . but the drinks were tasty , so overall it was a good experience . would go back- but i was just visiting the tempe area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's been a long time since i 've been at such a packed bar with such amazing service . the crowd is insane and people are coming up to the bar non stop but the bar staff is absolutely amazing . not only are they extremely attentive but they are genuinely friendly and make you want to come back again . so pleased with today 's service . thank you fit being on your a game even with a big match up like asu and notre dame on every screen . = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want to cool off on a hot day fat tuesdays is the place i prefer happy hour because getting a deal always makes me a happy camper ! this place is dead a lot - so if you are looking to rage this is not the place but it is perfect place to cool down and chat with a few friends ... - if your having southern withdrawls and looking to feel at home the decor makes you feel like your down town burban street .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "average bar in mill . for it 's theme , they do make a strong and sugar filled drink , so , i guess that 's good if that 's your thing . crowds , loud music are a norm on a weekend . so , it 's nothing special , true to it 's theme , and good at what it 's trying to do i guess , if your into that ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fat tuesday 's is an awesome bar to stop by on any day of the week . ryan served us and was so welcoming and helpful . definitely go there and ask for ryan he 's the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not lesbian gay friendly at all . i should have read the previous review before going .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped in on saturday for some pre-gaming before the asu vs. wisconsin game . we have been here a few times before but never on a football saturday . it was about half-full when we got there but by the time we got our drinks the bar was filling up pretty quickly . the bartenders looked a bit flustered with the crowd , but i would think they were making good tips since 90percent of the crowd were wisconsin fans ( vacation money , spend it all ) we had a $ 4 hurricane which hit the spot , after that we had one of the frozen drinks , was perfect for the heat , ca n't remember which one , but whatever has the most booze in it . they also offer the nfl sunday ticket , but i only counted 8 tv 's , so i ca n't imagine this place on a sunday . i 'll be back , but probably not till fat tuesday .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "absolutely fantastic time last night . fat tuesday was one of the first bars we hit in the night , so we were there before it got very busy . it was friend 's 21st birthday and the staff was awesome , especially jason . easily the most entertaining and engaging bartender i 've ever had . great drinks , made quickly and well combined with magic tricks and science ! i will be coming back because of the entire staff but especially jason .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my date drank so many margaritas , she left abruptly , threw up on the sidewalk , fell and passed out right next to her vomit . the reason why this happened is because they are delicious and go down so smooth ! defintely recommend but pace yourself , i 'm not calling your friend to help me take you home again , lindsey .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the second half of date night was spent on the new huge patio at fat tuesday 's . i did n't come here enough in college . it is a nice change to normal beer or vodka drinks everywhere else . i have been there several time over the past few years and they have made a lot of changes since the last time we were there . the patio is nice and huge now with tvs and an outside bar . the drinks are always good , and they came up with a bunch of new concoctions . i had the fruit cocktail one , super good . it was a mix of the pina colada , strawberry , melon and octane , it was like a new flavor in every sip . the staff is friendly and not too chatty , but just enough . we will for sure be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "drinks are really good here . they have a good variety of slushy type drinks and great combinations . i also have the fried pickles and they were pretty good they were thick slices of pickles that i liked . we also got the buffalo wings and those were also very good . i will definitely go back and recommend to anybody wanting to chill with friends , pre party or sunday sunday .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always have a great time when i come here . servers seem a bit inexperienced but i usually just go to the bar anyways . i was there on fat tuesday for the block party and had a blast . kudos to the security staff for kicking a guy out after he would n't leave my friend and me alone . one of my spots i hit on my mill nights .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there are a lot of bars to chose from on mill , but this one is easily my favorite . this bar has it all . fantastic combination outdoor-indoor environment . great bartenders and staff . the music and djs are good , particularly eli on saturdays . overall , excellent vibe . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place especially the bellini . unfortunately they did n't have it when i went there yesterday but the creamsacle is amazing too . good happy hour with the drink prices . wish you could order the 100oz like you can in vegas but got ta love the lame liquor laws in arizona . always a good time here", "score": "4"}
{"review": "somebody needs to get bar rescue into this place . i walked inside and waited for somebody to take my order . the atmosphere was too dark and somewhat musty . the bartender who finally welcomed me was arrogant and lazy . i ordered a beer and a burger . he laughed and replied that the cook was n't in yet and commented that i looked like i ate a lot of burgers . if he was trying to be funny , it did n't work . the worst thing any business can do is to insult the customer . it took everything i had not to slug him a good one . i kept my cool and promptly walked out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i think the only fat tuesdays in arizona one of the best original bars on mill ave . i love the friendly service and how the waiters waitress kept checking up on us . tuesdays is happy hour all day so if ya need that quick pick me up or feeling like you need a drink days , it 's a must go and check it out . large daiquiris are 5.50 so might as well right ? only on tuesdays tho ! i had the loaded fries and shared it with a friend pretty legit ! and enough for a lot 2 maybe 3 . overall a place to check out if your looking for a fun time if you know what i mean !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there are a lot of places to visit on mill avenue . . . however , there is no place like fat tuesday ! when we visit tempe , we always make it a point to stop at `` fats '' . we have always visited before the night time crowd comes . when we walk in the door , the bartenders remember us , suggest yummy drinks , ask about us . . . treat us like we are special . we have struck up many conversations with other patrons who enjoy going to fat tuesdays as much as we do . during the day it '' s a great place to just get out of the heat , cool off with their daquiris and eat a delicious po boy . jason is our favorite bartender . . . and we have lots of laughs with him ! i am counting the days until wei will be back in az to go to fat tuesday !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was sooo fun ! all of their drinks that i had i absolutely loved ! my friends and i got a groupie drink and some daiquiris and i was pleasantly surprised by the pretty reasonable prices . there happy hour is fantastic as well and it 's definitely a good place for good music , dancing and drinks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you for a great happy hour ! def recommend ! the bartenders were fantastic and attentive to my drink preferences ( salted rims ! ) head over there your next time on mill ave !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the superman slushie tastes like nostalgia ! mmmmm , adolescent movie slushie meets college ! every time i come here with my husband it 's awesome ! we end up having a great time getting a little sloshed and stumbling back to the light rail . smirks it 's really the best when it 's their happy hour pricing . $ 5 for a huge alcoholic slushy that comes in a bunch of favors . yup . fantastic !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they would n't let my friend in because she did n't have a horizontal 21 and over license , even though she 's from california . so stupid , she 's been 21 for three months already . the bouncer tried telling her she had to get a horizontal id .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great atmosphere . great drinks . fantastic food . made from scratch my girlfriend and i had the buffalo chicken fries and every empanada they had and all of it was great . highly recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you do n't charge $ 16 for very little , bland tasting crawfish ! the crawfish itself was small too . i do n't think i had more than 11 whole crawfish . i wish i can post a picture to justify my disappointment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "easily one of the best places iv drank at and hands down my favorite bar in tempe . was in town for wrestlemania with some friends and this place was perfect for day and night drinking . chill during the day and always people there to drink with and nice nightlife envirornment when the sun goes down . blue razz slushies and jello shots are my favorites and the nuclear cherries were something new to me . great staff as well , all very friendly , welcoming and helpful , especially bartender isaac ! will definitly go back next time i am in tempe and everyone should go check this place out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very poor service . waitress to busy with friends to take care of us . food was less then average . two thumbs down", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my second time being here and i continue to get awesome customer service ! watch out for the bartender chad he recommended my my drinks which taste amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and my girl went on fat tuesday , feb 9th and both of us tried the 28.00 platter deal for that day , which included 1 lb of crawfish and gumbo ... . the gumbo was excellent , but the crawfish was extremely brittle , extremely small tails , and barely warm . i know this stuff is hard to find in the valley , but had it from a restaurant in phx and though it was spiced -up , it was bigger tails and not brittle at all ! if this was indeed incoming from new orleans then i think they need to definetly get a new supplier next year and ask for their money back for this yr because we all that had it that day got screwed ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "absolute favorite place to drink and that 's all because of the various frozen daiquiris available never seen a place like it here in az ! they usually have the music bumping too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you can ask to try samples ! watch out for the nuclear cherries , they 're soaked in everclear !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here on a saturday afternoon taking a break from studying from finals ... i walked in and was greeted by brandon the bartender in shift . i ordered the 190 octane , cherry bombs , and 2 shots . brandon was helpful in helping suggesting drinks and shot specials and a very social bartender ... . unlike most of the assholes i have encountered in arizona ... keep doing your thing man ! ! ! i will be a drunk customer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here and i loved it ! bartender was very welcoming ( brandon ) will definitely be coming back ! best daiquiris ever !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. callaway and her staff are top notch . they are professional and experts in all they do . i highly recommend them for all your chiropractic and spinal care needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so my x wife referred my to serenity spinal care ! no it not the beginning of some joke . it 's for real ! let me tell you she had my best interest in mind too . dr. callaway is a mazing ! besides the great work she is doing to getting me back to the way i felt before my accident . she is also a great person to get to hang out with while i get adjusted . would never go any other place ! oh and soraya at the front desk might just have cookies if your nice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "serenity spinal care would not accept my initial appointment examination if i did not agree to pay for the cost of an ex-ray ( in addition to the exam fee ) upfront prior to any discussion with dr .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i got hit by a construction truck and i 've been going here for adjustments and massages . this place is great ! dr melody has done wonders to make me feel better . it 's been very homey and the staff makes you feel welcome . i love the atmosphere . they do onsite xrays and adjustments . i 've always felt comfortable coming in given that i hate doctors . now for my massages done by heather banks . she is amazing and she does try to get your problem areas out . she 's funny and her room is very relaxing . definitely by far the best massage i 've ever had . ( ok medicinal massage ) no happy endings here . well i wish they had dinner - then it would definitely be a happy ending !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best hands down ! friendly & courteous staff & very knowledgeably . has treated my hip & neck injuries successfully !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "doctor donna and her staff are the best . x-rays treatments therapy and bye bye to the pain .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been managing back issues for over 10 years , so this was a big switch for me . i am pleased with the center all around . dr. donna is really gifted in her diagnostic abilities as well as treatment . i had nearly immediate relief from my first visit . i have been sleeping soundly through the night and my symptoms are staying at bay . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been at with dr. donna for a couple of months now and it has been amazing . dee and dr. donna are so kind and upbeat , it 's so much fun every visit . when i first went in my pain was a 7-8 now it 's a 3-4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. donna was super awesome as was deirdre at the front desk . i was concerned with my posture and after seeing the x-ray , i 'm glad i came in . you can tell dr.donna knows her stuff and has a passion for what she 's doing . if you 're in need of some adjustments or just want to improve your appearance , i highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. donna at serenity spinal care is amazing . she really helped my lower back pain . i was at the point where it was painful just doing normal everyday routines , like getting out of bed and working . at times , it was unbearable . then i was referred to dr. donna . i 'm able to do everyday things without feeling the pain . i appreciate what dr. donna has done for me , and will continue to do . everyone is her office is amazing and very caring . thank you dr. donna .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great environment , with a great chiropractor . would absolutely recommend . knowledgeable , friendly and gets me back on my feet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. callaway was recommended to me because of the car accident i went through . during the duration of my treatment , she was very thorough , compassionate , extremely knowledgeable , and actually listens to my concerned pain and answers my questions . i never felt rushed out of her office . her assistant zoraya is amazing and extremely helpful . i highly recommend serenity chiropractor not only because i had great experience but also the care & sincerity they show show you is something i hardly see in a doctors office . dr. callaway & zoraya are very welcoming and accomodating with my schedule of treatment as well . they make sure every patient is greeted with a smile . dr. callaway is a doctor with both knowledge and heart if you 're looking for a great chiropractor in vegas ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. donna was great in treating my son . deidre was able to squeeze him in the same day we called . very much appreciated .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to marcella for over 7 years now , i have gotten my hair straightened , cut , colored , i gotten a sew in , trims , deep conditioning treatments , you name ... . i came to marcella initially years ago when i was experiencing breakage and hair damage from over coloring and frequent heating . marcella was able to provide me with helpful tips and products to use that have prevented any potential future damage . my hair is back to a healthy state , and the breakage has stopped completely . i 'm more than happy with my results and i have continued going to marcella since . i would definitely recommend seeing her , weather you have colored hair , hair that has lost its natural curl pattern , relaxed hair , she 's your girl !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marcella is very kind , knowledgeable about hair care and fast ! i booked her with confidence after reading all of her other great reviews here . she cut & styled my hair in less than 1.5 hr i had many compliments on my new hairstyle and already have my next visit scheduled for the end of this month . i highly recommend her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marcella is awesome ! she 's been doing my hair for over five years and always does a great job . she 's a guru with her scissors and is very precise . i 've also gone to marcella for coloring which has been flawless every time . in addition to her master craft skills she is also a joy to be around so i always feel like i 'm getting a two for one deal . ultimately , she 's nothing less than a true professional and you wo n't leave her chair unhappy so , do yourself a favor and pay marcella a visit . p.s . she did my hair in my profile pic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a wedding in las vegas during the end of august and chose to come here to have my braided curly frohawk done for my big day . marcella delivered ! she went to a store with me to pick out my curly top and i was in and out in a good amount of time . this is my second time coming here as i prefer to have my hair done by her when i 'm in town . the first visit back in december was a deep condition and a cut for my kinky , curly , natural hair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marcella does fantastic work . you tell her exactly what you want and she does it close to perfection . she 's also very specific about keeping good care of her clients hair . product is everything when having either a consultation or simply enjoying her clients while discussing the use of proper tools and supplies to keep damaged hair growing into healthy hair . her professionalism is very down to earth . i 've enjoyed every appointment and quite the satisfied customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phenomenal ! wanted something new and marcella exceeded all of my expectations . first experience with getting my hair colored and i wo n't go to anyone else from now on . thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just recently got to las vegas and was looking for a hairstylist to maintain my short cut . i looked on yelp and saw great reviews for marcella . i am giving her two stars because she is very nice and professional . however , she did a horrible job cutting my hair and i had to go back a week later and have someone fix the cut . i did she the finish product of a lady with longer hair and it looked nice ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "please believe everything positive about the queen of hair here in las vegas ! marcella is delightful ! i am so pleased with my beautiful hair style she did on me . fyi i 'm not even from vegas i was visiting the area for my sisters wedding and chose marcella to do my hair based on all of her awesome reviews . she did not disappoint ! i wish i could give her a million stars because that 's just how good she is ! my hair is divaliscious with sexy curls soft n wavy ! i am definitely vegas strip ready ! so if you are looking for a fantastic professional to do your hair in the law vegas area here she is !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marcella is amazing . prompt , professional and reasonable prices . my hair looks and feels great ! ! she is permanently my new stylist ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "come in on april 18th ( i forgot to take pictures of my hair ) once again very pleased with my hair , thank you thank you marcella , you are always so sweet , caring and thoughtful ! ! ! ! i do n't go to anyone else but you : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marcella did a great job and was a great listener . she is super nice and gave me exactly what i wanted . i have a lot of hair and she trimmed my ends really fast . my hair is growing out beautiful and i am scheduled to see her again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my hair ! ! went in a couple days ago , wanted a new style , a change , just something new . so she recommended an ombr\u00e9 , so i trusted her and went along with it . my ombr\u00e9 ended up looking fabulous , and she also got me to rock some bangs ! seems like she really knows what style best fits you . oh and by the way , she uses really good products because my hair feels amazing even after 3 days . i recommend ! ! ! ! thank you marcella !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marcella is awesome . super professional and on time . easy to book appointments and pay with sytle seat . got a press n ' curl , paid $ 60 . that 's about average . good work will go again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very professional ! she tells you each product she puts in your hair and what it does and that 's a plus for me . she 's also friendly and timely and she give you a massage while she washes your hair ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love marcella she is the best omg nobody had my hair feeling health and strong and she did ... . she is very talented and respectable i love it her professional radar is through the roof thank you so much marcella you a life savor ... # officallyfaithfulclient", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in to get a my hair washed and pressed but really wanting a relaxer . marcella took the time to make sure that my hair not only looked good but was healthy as well and i realized that my natural hair is beautiful without chemicals . i 'm happy i found a regular stylist after a long search of three years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marcella is very sweet and professional . my hair turned out nicely , and it looks very healthy . i 'd recommend her to anyone looking for a fresh start to healthy hair !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marcella is wonderful stylist . i have been going to her for a few years now . she 's the only person i trust when it comes to cut and color . she 's very knowledgeable in hair and the products she uses . i appreciate how she explains what she 's doing and why she 's using each particular product . my hair is usually a dry frizzy mess but thanks to marcella 's help over the years my hair looks healthy , shiny with a nice volume .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a fan of saving a little and i do n't mind a non brand name food as long as i check the ingredients and they 're up to par i 'm in ! trader joe 's is my top shop but when i can get to aldi i love it and always leave with more then i went to get . this on in particular is clean and the people are friendly . all in all great value and good food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a friendly staff , and great clean store , the quality here is actually on par with harris teeter at university ! ! ! love love love it ! thank you for being here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first of all , do n't be afraid to try aldi 's ! i almost do n't want to give our local secret away ... . but , this is where we do about 80 % of our grocery shopping . from staples to dairy to frozen items such as shrimp . if you are gluten-free , they have a few gluten-free options in each section at a fraction of competitors prices ! produce is good , but double check it all . meats- eeeeeeh ok ... but use quickly . cut down your grocery bill by visiting here for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love visiting here ! it is definitely worth the drive from university city area to get some items at a cheaper cost . very fresh produce and it 's always clean and well stocked . i always buy my veggies and fruits from here- very high quality for the low price . parking lot is easy to maneuver too which i love . the only thing that keeps me from giving this location 5 stars is that during the weekday afternoons there is only 1 register open which is a pain .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cheap wine ! cheap fruit ! cheap everything ! and friendly staff . living in charlotte it 's nice to come here and not have to wait in walmart-like lines or fight through traffic , nice location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great location of aldi . tucked away behind a strip mall is a very clean and well stocked grocery store with unbeatable prices . i like to buy dairy products here because they have great prices on them ! stock rotates frequently so every time you come you will find new goodies ! remember you have to bring a quarter to use a cart , do n't worry , you get it back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very credible company . if you have questions and call them , ask for tom . he loves helping all customers with all types of questions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great family owned business . they were able to refer me to a great contractor and i was able to get the information needed . ask for tom , he 's a riot ! ! ! ! lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the fan motors for my food truck went out during a special event and i was frantically trying to find replacements . as it turned out we had a very specific motor that no one in town had including them but they helped me look for a suitable replacement around town , which i had no luck with , finally returning to them to ask for help . mike helped me find something and came up with a way for me to get them back working . the service was outstanding and i was so impressed with how they went out of their way to help me out in a time of need . i highly recommend this place and want to say thank you for the help in my time of need .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! really phenomenal family owned company . their manager mikal was nice but a little on the sus side but otherwise great place . billy was weird tho .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , friendly and knowledgeable staff , i highly recommend them ! if they do n't have the part you need in stock they have the ability to special order it ! while i was there i also was able to personally meet local contractors and now i have someone to call when my a c goes out since m & m unfortunately does n't do service work . michael may be young but he deff has the knowledge to back up his work so i recommend asking for him when your there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called motors and more ( after hours which i did n't know ) and even thought they were closed michael who answered the call was extremely helpful . my ac was out for a couple days and even though i did n't know that they did n't work on units ( i just called them based on reviews ) they still spent the time to help me find a contractor who could help me out . they sent me a number to a man named felix who is honestly the best worker i 've ever met . i thank them for there special service and dedication .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called not knowing they did n't work on units . still michael gave me the number to a great company that came put swiftly for a great price to fix my unit . wanted to leave this review to let everyone know to call for help for a c if u need it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wife and i came here for two different occasions foster care training . so this rating is not for church service or the people who works there . the training was held my some other organization . first , i was in a bit of surprise since this church is located in a business buidings complex . note this , two buildings . there are many other businesses in the same complex . so the parking may be a bit full at times . the people who are the members of the church were very nice . wanted to make sure everything was ok. we never seen the chapel itself , we had our classes in two different locations . but there rooms were fine , and comfortable . place is a lot larger then it looks from the outside . so there are plenty of space here . we have finished our classes , everything was fine .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great worship music , fantastic kids classes , and down to earth preaching . love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the coolest place , best music , best people ever ! i was amazed when i first attended back in early 2012 , never stopped . christmas services are fantastic . the worship team and everyone that i have met at the refinery are the coolest . no judgement here ! a real come as you are , broken or not , easy going place to find christ . beware , you may make a friend or two as well . love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my allergies literally have taken over my life.. from bloodshot eyes , itchy eyes , swollen , rashes , eczema.. the list goes on and on.. while struggling to find a allergist in vegas who gave a damn i was yet again in another drs office , paying another copay , praying something would be different . i 'm so glad i found dr cohens office on yelp ! although i was n't seen by him , i was seen by nurse practitioner rowe.. finally ! some one who heard me , saw my extreme case of awful allergies.. someone with answers i could n't be more pleased ! not to mention for the first time in a long time finally got relief !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love this place . located on eastern and harmon by unlv . dr. rowe has been my doctor for two years . he comes in and saves my life everytime . i have severe asthma and allergies that royally mess up my life on the daily . they get me in with ease and work well with my insurance . they also give me really good samples of inhalers that fit my needs before ordering them at the pharmacy . this place also gives allergy shots . i use to get them but they reacted really bad with me so i come here for all of my asthma and allergy needs . the facility is so clean , and the staff here are so nice . i love jessica and dora at the front too . they 're so accommodating and kind ! love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. cohen & his staff are exceptional ! wendy is awesome ! i have to go to his clinic 2x week for allergy shots and it 's a drive , but always worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. rowe is awesome ! he 's very knowledgeable and tends to my needs . the staff are all phenomenal ! keep up the amazing work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. cohen is one of the best immunologist in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "he 's a good dr. but one of his enployees stole $ 200 from me . employees are a reflection .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "since moving here a few years ago my allergies have gotten much worse . my ent referred me to dr. cohen . although it did take me about a month to get an appt . it was worth the wait . i really like dr cohen and his staff . he was very thorough in my initial appointment and took as much time as needed to listen to me . i am going back for allergy testing and am looking forward to his findings and treatment recommendations . dr. cohen is a wonderful doctor who seems to really care about getting you better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my dog gizmo to get groomed here because of the reviews i read . the other places i 've been to i did n't like the way they cut my dogs hair or either they would cut his nails too short which made him bleed one time . i called to make an appointment for gizmo and i was glad they had an opening to take him in since he was in need of a hair cut . the staff was really nice and helpful because i wanted to get my dog a mohawk and they did as i asked . i made sure his nails were perfectly cut since the previous place i went to did n't do a good job . they did exactly what i wanted to be done with gizmo . i will definitely be taking him to this place again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used to come here all the time to get my dog 's nails trimmed but it seems they have grown careless over time . this last time ashley did n't trim one of my dog 's dews and later this week he snagged it on something and the nail tore over his quick and i ca n't do anything for him because to even touch the nail hurts him . the point is that this never would have happened if the job had been done properly . ca n't trust with something as simple as a nail trim anymore .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just found this place and love it ! great prices , great service , super friendly groomers and my dogs ( cairn terriers ) came out awesome . would of gave 5 stars , but they do take all day to groom . ( it 's great if you need an afternoon to run errands . )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "someone told me this place was bought out and being revamped etc ... it 's no secret that i do n't bite my tongue.. i did n't like the previous owner.. so that being said , this shop is just around the corner so i decided to bring my 5th child , sugar back to see how the service was . sugar is very important to me and extremely high maintenance ! anyway , the shop is freshly painted and looks like it 's coming along great . compared to the way it used to look , there 's a lot of tlc going into this place . the workers seem so happy and that is important to me because i want them to treat my sugar like their own ! anyway , i could n't be happier ! the groomer was very loving with her from the moment i dropped her off and the cut was flawless ( pic to follow of my baby ) . i highly recommend this grooming shop if u live in the north or anywhere for that matter thanks guys ! ! see u again soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible service had my dogs for 6 hrs came to get them and they were sitting in the cage wet . ohhh no", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this shop has the nicest people ! my dogs are usually pretty timid with strangers but each time we pull up to doggy stylz they both get so excited ... i have never been more comfortable leaving my dogs anywhere ! my poodle adores ashley who does an amazing job of cutting her massive hair.. i love supporting small businesses and feeling my business is appreciated as well . we 've tried others but the services offered at doggy stylz are unmatchable . kim is great with big dogs too ! i love knowing they love the dogs they groom ! give this salon a try you 'll feel right at home . these ladies are extended family ! thanks doggy stylz !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible haircut on my shih tzu . groomer did not listen to me . she basically scalped my dog . my dogs hair is uneven and they cut her mole , even though i spent time before leaving telling her to watch for them . her tail is shaved half way down ... who does this to a shih tzu ? she 's clean , but that 's about it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great groomer for our little guy , but our favorite groomer left . so did we . they were 5 star before the groomer we loved left . she was really good , but i am sure they replaced her with someone you can count on , give em a try , we moved on , unfortunately . we are picky due to our dog being so cute and small , 3lb yorkie , so we need a full pro on him , not just anyone that cuts dogs hair . our experience , should not stop you from trying them . they were always very nice and helpful .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm still waiting for a call back , 2-3 weeks now . under kims ownership the groomer broke the tip of my dogs tail . i do n't know what 's happening now . new owners were notified but ... gies to show nitjing changes , i have 4 poms i always brought in together . look up my past reviews i dont talk bad about pkaces , people , things . i referred another person wjo had a really bad experience . who cares their dogs are n't the norm , they 're still loving fur babies , ,", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband took our girls here the first time and i was a little skeptical because of their name , `` do n't judge a book by its cover . '' i think they do a great job . the girls are always well groomed and have never had cuts on them . the staff is always smiling and friendly , prices are reasonable too . i only wish they had a play area for the dogs to run around in cause sometimes they wait a while to get groomed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome shop , cleanest in town and i 've been to plenty . i love this place and so do my neighbors . they are caring , very clean , and attentive . kim is the best . i woulndnt trust my little baby to anyone else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "she was not matted so badly that she needed to be shaved down . we bathed and brushed her out the day before she got there . i am so sick of groomers who are rushing to get a dog done and feel they have to shave off the dog completely . especially without contacting the client first to advise what is happening . she wo n't be back . thank you for letting me know you are not able to work with my family under my instruction . especially when i 've been there before . if you did n't want to you should n't have taken in my dog .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm giving them 2 stars only because my dog was clean . i had a really bad experience here . one of the ladies was completely rude to me and seemed to have no patience for my german shepherd . i could tell she just wanted me to take my dog and leave . i was not greeted or told good bye or thank you or anything . she told me i had an aggressive dog ... when i dont . i know a lot of dog owners say that but my dog literally licks every dog and person . she has a bark sometimes but that 's any dog . she never shows teeth or aggressiveness . not happy with this place at all", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this salon has excellent groomers ! i have a poodle , and i 've seen the work of other groomers who just ca n't groom a poodle ! the girls at doggir stylz did exactly as i asked , making my coco look beautiful ! their prices are lower than other groomers , also , and that 's a big plus !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my noodle and scamp here and they were given the vip treatment . normally noodle has a hard time but the staff here took the time and made sure he was comfortable before grooming him . scamp came out looking suave and extremely handsome . we will definitely be coming back . felt like family and totally comfortable leaving them for grooming . i loved the way they had the dogs in the open and not locked behind closed doors . you could see your babies and watch then be groomed if you wanted . they have great clothes and food here as well . great prices on blue buffalo . looking forward to coming back . if your looking for a great place to take your dog 's where the price is right and groomers are professional then look no further . thanks to the staff and we will see you again soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bring my poodles to this groomer and they love it . now we just adopted a toy chihuahua and i know she 'll like the groomers too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after the last of our 4 dogs died last year we decided to get some rescue dogs from the spca . we adopted a 10 year old cocker spaniel and a 6 year mixed breed ( definitely part poodle ) who had obviouisly been physically abused.. they shaved the cocker spaniel very close as we do n't like the traditional cocker look and they have never left a single cut on her . we explained that our poodle mix is very fearful because of past abuse and the owner did him personally . he looked lovely when she had finished . they always do a lovely job , they are so much cheaper than many other places and our dogs do n't seem stressed when they leave there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i had a great experience here today.. we brought the dogs in to get their nails trimmed . the staff members were all really nice and did a great job . we were in and out in no time.. we 'll be coming back . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast and easy and very friendly staff would recommend to anyone dog always comes back happy n good spirits not traumatized", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my two dogs here after vowing not to go back to our previous groomer ( she does n't do exactly as asked ) . i talked to the groomer and she assured me she would do a great job and do exactly as i asked ... and she did ! my dogs looked great and was shaved as i asked . the place is very clean and i like that you can see them grooming in the front of the shop..no hiding behind walls here ! great job ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place to have your pet groomed . when i walked in for my dogs appt , danielle greeted me and my pup ! jade is amazing and does a great job ! ! highly recommended ! ! ! they are rockstars ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is dog grooming to its finest ! i called today to see their next available time for a bath and shave for our miniature aussie rus , they had an availability at 1pm , on a friday no doubt . it literally took about 2 hours for his appointment from drop off to pick up which everyone knows most dog groomers take all day . i hate having to worry about our dogs needing to potty while at the 'normal ' groomers . so if you are looking for an awesome groomer who are kind and courteous from the time you and your baby enter the door , great workmanship in a shave cut , reasonable pricing , go to doggie stylz grooming ! ( pic of rus to follow )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my two dogs were well taken care of and came home happy ! i appreciated the detailed feedback from the groomer about my puppies and look forward to going back . first time for the 8 month puppy and he did great . my older dog has always been a bit afraid of the dryers and does well here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after a bad experience with my pervious groomer , i decided to take my shitzu poodle mix here . its close by house which was a plus . kola has been here 3x so far and each time i was very pleased . sometimes the kids do n't brush her the way they should so she 'll get a lil matted . they have always done a fabulous job trimming her down but keeping the hair at the tip of her tail long . the staff is courteous and professional and i love the way they are revamping the store . keep up the great work doggy stylz .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was our first time here and absolutely loved it ! everyone there was extremely personable ... they said it would be a few hours , so i did expect a long time , and it was n't a problem for me . my baby is nice and clean ... best of all they 're pit bull owners , so everyone is pibble friendly ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been taking our bichon to doggie stylz for a few years and would n't consider anywhere else . bichons tend to get `` poodle cuts '' at most shops ( totally wrong ) but ashley and kim know how to do it right . it 's meticulous work and they take the time to make sure bud ( and woody rip ) always left to receive oohs and ahhhs from people outside the shop and of course us as well . thanks doggie stylz .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brought my rescue pup in for the first time and had a great experience ! my dog bo , who does n't like being held or having his paws touched , received an awesome haircut , bath , and nail clip . the ladies working there were so sweet ! i will definitely come back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! i moved here aprox . 6 years ago n will never even consider going any place else . the owner is this wonderful kind hearted and she truly cares about her customers ! about a month after we moved here my dog got out n got lost . it was in jan. n she is a tiny short hair dog that 's afraid everyone it was like 35 degrees . she was gone for 6days and spending everyday driving everywhere , checking pounds n putting up so many posters that the city called me n told me i would fined . anyways on sixth day i get a call that she found her . she had only met my dog once . she took such good genial care of my older big long hair . he passed but i know he recieved the best . thank you for all your wonderful service . looking forward to the next 6 years , btw my mom drives here every six weeks to get her pom groomed . ( if she comes all the way from ca that tells u how great this place is ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my dog there for the first time last week . wonderful people and they did a great job on my malti poo ! will definately be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yogi is a 5 year old welsh terrier who has been to several groomers in the centennial hills area . feedback from each groomer is that he is difficult , due to his allergies and skin sensitivity . otherwise he is a very sweet boy . i was looking for a groomer who would treat yogi firmly and fairly and get the job done . after taking him to doggie stylz a few times , my husband and i agree that kim ( the owner ) at doggie stylz is the right fit for yogi . we leave him feeling confident that he will be treated well and look great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast and friendly staff that do excellent grooming work ! they are flexible and efficient and with the cheapest prices in town it 's hard to go wrong it 's hard to go wrong with such a combo . they are also patient and kind with all breeds , and take time to go the extra mile for their furry clients and for their humans as well ! highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time using this business today . called when they opened and they had a walk in appointment available . very friendly , professional and asked many questions to make sure that they provided the cut and other services needed . the groomer did an excellent job , exactly as i requested and my pup left with a surprise gift . well done and i will be using their services again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always an exceptional job with our little jager ! ! we have been loyal customers for nearly a year and will continue ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time customers here and must say i 'm very happy with everything overall ! the girls working were nothing but super nice and friendly to both us and our pups ! we now have 2 huskies who are very happy and i must say look thinner after their groom lol . shadow and splinter are very pleased with their new dews ! will be a repeat customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "doggie stylz is a yes yes yes ! ! ! ! ! ! my husband and i have been here multiple times not only for great washes and nail trims for our 2 boys ( pit bulls ) . we always get the best service and the employees are always friendly and helpful . the building has definitely had a facelift and they now carry products and accessories for your pets ( or furry kids ) . doggie stylz is now the perfect place to spoil your babies and i highly recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time using this groomer . called in last minute for a walk in and they took us within half an hour . victoria did the grooming on our miniature schnauzer miley and she did an amazing job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff was friendly and victoria did an amazing job . i like that you can see what 's going on . i was a walk in on a busy friday so it took a few hours but i 'd definitely be back with an appointment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they always give our guy a good cut and at a great price . they are great with working or an appt , and always friendly ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everybody was friendly and service is cheap and great . they let me drop my doggies before work and pic them up after .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you , thank you and thank you ... dannielle the receptionist is amazing and i ca n't say thank you enough . our groomer victoria is phenomenal she loved on our standard poodles and gave them the best shampoo and cut ever . she is very knowledgeable and knows her craft and does it effortlessly ... again thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "money grubbing and unprofessional . i took my very old dog here for grooming . what i got was a shaved dog , raw skin and sore ears ! when i complained about the horrible work i was given many excuses and no apology or offer of another chance to prove themselves professionals at no charge . i 've had many poodles and poodle mixes over the 40+ years i 've lived in las vegas . this place is awful . stay away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "oh\u00e9 , oh\u00e9 ! sweet lee a maintenant un nouveau local rue wellington ! tr\u00e8s bien situ\u00e9e , sur une art\u00e8re commerciale et pr\u00e8s du m\u00e9tro , cette petite boulangerie -- p\u00e2tisserie vous surprendra avec leur bonnes gourmandises ! de plus , elle partage son espace avec un petit caf\u00e9 . j'ai essay\u00e9 le th\u00e9 du labrador , tr\u00e8s r\u00e9confortant en ce jeudi matin glacial !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "can you imagine a place where everything is absolutely delicious , the staff is very kind and the ambiance is nice ? this is it ! i 've tried the scones sal\u00e9s , the breads , the croque monseigneur , the quiches , the soup , the muffins , fondants , cookies ... i 'm never disappointed ! verdun needed and deserved a place like this !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sweet lee 's is indeed sweet in its own way . there are two stands in this coffee bakery shop , the saint henri one and then the stand of the sugary treats . as a result you line up twice , once for coffee and then to get your snack , so i had the feeling i 'm in some tiny supermarket and things seemed a little be chaotic . otherwise everybody working behind the stands is super nice and attentive . the space behind the stands is not very big and extremely well utilized , the small tables are really next to each other . the sweet lee 's production looks more like home cooked and it has some interesting , and attractive pastries . i chose the molasses cookie with cherries and ginger , yummy , but too sweet for my taste . the saint henri cappuccino paired well with my cookie . would i come back , most probably not , as this is not my primary choice for coffee on wellington street and also because coffee for me is a sacred time to relax , i found this place a little bit too noisy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "j'ai bien aim\u00e9 cette boulangerie caf\u00e9.j'ai moin aimer l'emplacement des 2 comptoir.le d\u00e9cor est tr\u00e8s agr\u00e9able avec les banc de auditorium ( ar\u00e9na mityque \u00e0 verdun.caf\u00e9 et p\u00e2tisserie d\u00e9licieuse7.5 10", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delish treats , super delish coffee , what more can you ask for ? verdun is really going places . so the deal is that this is a shared space with sweet lee 's and a coffee joint . i 'm not a huge fan of the whole pour over thing , but if you are , look no further . great atmosphere , clean and bright .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg les croissants sont divins , moi qui allais \u00e0 premi\u00e8re moisson , plus besoin . mais laissez vous tenter par un caf\u00e9 du bistrot st-henri . j'ai trouv\u00e9 le concept tr\u00e8s int\u00e9ressant , deux entit\u00e9s compatibles sous un m\u00eame toit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trendy place with deserts , coffee , and some interesting lunch options . i picked up 2 pies , which were fine but on the pricy side . i would go back to have a light lunch and just chill with a friend .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sweet lee 's , c'est plein de bon manger . boulangerie surprenante , je dirais . non mais pour vrai , un croissant chocolat noir et noisettes pour d\u00e9jeuner , c'est si cochon , mais si bon . imagine le croissant chocolat noir , noisettes et g\u00e2teau au fromage ... j'ai m\u00eame pas os\u00e9 essayer . y a des tartelettes et des g\u00e2teaux et des tartes super intenses , des merveilles pour les yeux que j'ai h\u00e2te de mettre dans ma bouche pis toute . y a \u00e9videmment des pains de toutes sortes . pis des coupes de fruits . pis on peut acheter de la sauce a spaghetti . mais vraiment , l'id\u00e9al pour moi , c'est de s'y installer le matin , choisir son croissant du jour et l'accompagner d'un bon caf\u00e9 du saint-henri , avec qui sweet lee 's partage le local . une union gagnante . je suis charm\u00e9e !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "calling all cookie lovers and addicts ! if you love cookies , this is the place for you . their cookie flavors are beyond amazing and unique . i 've already had several kinds , but they are never disappointing . i think it 's about 2.50 for one cookie and they also sell salty scones , pasta salads , sandwiches , and quiche . i 'm not too crazy about the other stuff they offer , but the cookies ? yes ! it 's attached to a cafe so if you , like me , like to combine coffee with cookies , it 's a beautiful advantage . grab your coffee from across , grab your cookie and then enjoyy . oh and they have pastries like croissants too i believe . nice place to quickly grab mini breakfast or snack . it 's right by de l'eglise metro !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for sandwiches , desserts & or coffee . well priced & nice ambiance too . they also have tables outside .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a wonderful little discovery that really hit the spot . the pastries and the savouries from sweet lee 's were delicious and the cappuccinos were so good we had to have a second one . it was nice not having to ask for a double shot in order to get a tasty coffee . we sat on the terrace this time but inside looks quaint and cosy also", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super bon muffin ( j'ai pris pomme et \u00e9rable ) et super bon biscuit ( chocolat noir et amande ) ! les desserts et les caf\u00e9s doivent etre pay\u00e9s s\u00e9par\u00e9ment , mais tous est excellent : ) mon latte ( avec design de feuille en plus ) \u00e9tait excellent et le th\u00e9 ( et sa pr\u00e9sentation ) \u00e9tait excellent aussi : ) j'y retourne c'est certain ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried to go here last night at 9:52pm and was told it was closed . i had specifically checked the hours on the website ( suppose to close at midnight on friday and saturday ) before going and was very upset to find that they were not open . they need to update their website to reflect their current schedule . ended up at cold beers and cheeseburgers instead . was n't really what i was looking for but at least they were open the hours they advertise to be open .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we came here for my friend 's birthday . ivy has a very modern flair with a tasteful interior design . the ambiance was fun with a live band playing low-key melodies . our server was very prompt and courteous and did a great job being his first day ! i ordered the ivy kale salad with chicken which was quite delicious . i also tried some calamari and hummus which was right on point ! my others friends all seemed to enjoy their dishes and drinks as well . my only disappointment was that they were out of the saganaki ( flamed cheese cooked with ouzo ) . a few of us were very curious about this intriguing dish . perhaps next time . after dinner we sat in the patio outside which was very quaint and enjoyable . great place for dinner and very accommodating for groups . will definitely be back at some point ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was not horrible , the sangria was really good r server was good , but the happy hour food size is a joke it 's like a sample food for kids super tiny bite sizes not even worth the price even for happy hour , we asked for extra pita bread and got charged $ 3.00 ! ! seriously ! ! good but i think overpriced . i do n't think i would come back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "beautiful atmosphere and very friendly service , so we were really optimistic at first . unfortunately the food left a lot to be desired . i enjoyed the ivy fries , but the lamb in the gyro i ordered was tough and gamey . the flatbread was cheap store bought and fell apart easily , and the tzatziki sauce was disappointing . the greek salad was underwhelming . overall , the food just was n't quite worth the price , and i do n't think we will be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went here for lunch and ordered the pear salad . it was very bland and nothing special . a plain grilled chicken breast over a bed of dry mixed greens . then i realized the gorgonzola cheese was missing . a serving of cheese was brought out which helped the salad with flavor , but it was all a dry mess .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the servers here always rub me the wrong way . i always have male servers here and they are plain out slow and creepy . one server was flirting and annoying . on a second visit a server brought me a drink that i did n't order . after telling him it was a mistake he still managed to put the drink on my bill . the drinks are not good either . very weak . absolutely nothing special about the food . good luck finding a parking spot on any given weekend evening .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "gorgeous ambiance , friendly staff , delicious food . my friend and i popped in for a late lunch and we were not disappointed . the flaming saganaki was as good as i 've had in authentic greek restaurants in chicago ! the mediterranean shrimp on a creamy tomato sauce ... yum . the acai green iced tea..divine . all that 's left is coming back after work for wine ! now my only question is where is the crowd of people swooning over this place ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "impressed with the ivy . great service , nice open patio , great decor and the food was very good . we had pita , lamb and salad . fresh and well prepared . will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant is amazing ! from the food which is great to the decor it is so wonderful ! i live the kale salad and their lamb is superb ! drink list is fun and original ! love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great new addition to chandler community . highly recommend the sea bass it was awesome . only been here twice but all the food has been over the top from the hummus to the calamari . we will be back again and again . thanks christos , ryan and dan for inviting us !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my new favorite restaurant . excellent drinks , fresh food , local suppliers , friendly staff , and the have a kids menu ! the atmosphere is hip and elegant . so perfect for sunday brunch . we will for sure be back . pro tip : try the ibiza and the ivy fries . anthony or server is the best ! he made us feel right at home and gave us great recommendations on the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was our first time at the ivy . we arrived at 545 on saturday . light crowd and comfortable seating on the patio . my wife had pear salad and i the pita . the bruschetta with sweet peppers was awesome . our server was janie and she did an outstanding job . service timing was spot on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wine selections vastly improved , very good pours . can only speak to a few dishes shrimp apps are great , skewers , chicken , lamb and shrimp are great . staff is very attentive . owner is great really does care about the customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have hosted several events in their beautiful space and had happy hours . the manager , chris and his staff are always so welcoming & accommodating . the food is always fresh and delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was ok . the place is a beautiful , although the patio faces busy germann rd , but very nice facility . i was hoping to get a real greek salad , like you get in greece , but alas , i guess that 's just impossible here . the salad i got was just pathetic . but they did try and it was n't a menu item so they get high marks for effort . next time i 'll stick to the menu and let you know how it goes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "overall this restuarant is aweful . they have one chance to impress me ... .and they failed . the service is real bad , not going to take it out on the servers , but management needs to review this . we sat at a dinner on a wednesday night for over 2 hours and not by choice . after ordering drinks it takes your servers 10 minutes to come back to the table and tell you `` we are out of that paticular drink '' . let me just say there was only 4 people sitting at the bar ... your bartender could have come out from behind to communicate . lastly there was no hostess when we walked in at 5:50 and no hostess when we left at 8:30 . so why make a reservation .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fantastic patio with great atmosphere inside or out . good live music on the weekends . good food and great service from the staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love the ivy ! the patio is beautiful , the staff wonderful , the food delicious , and the happy hour specials are very good . $ 5 for craft beers - also discounts on wine , cocktails , and some appetizers . the staff is so friendly , and they 've amassed quite a following of `` regulars '' due to their friendly , welcoming attitude . our dog loves the pet-friendly patio !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was good , although $ 22 for flank steak is a little much , it had good flavor , but i ordered medium rare and got well done . the club sandwich was really good and more reasonably priced . our waitress was friendly , but did not have much knowledge of the menu . she had never tasted any of the items we asked about , stating `` that 's to expensive for me to taste '' which i guess means she has to pay for her own dinners . owners : i do n't blame the waitress for her lack of menu knowledge ... i blame you . your staff should try every menu item in training so they can sell it . i would go back again . the lunch menu is available for dinner too if your not looking to spend $ 15+ per person on dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "all my stars is for the ambience and starters . it 's a beautiful place for a nice lunch or a dinner . so relaxing and perfect with trees around . food is on average side , we ordered calamari , the worst i have had . it was bland and tasteless . however the shrimp was right on specially the sauce . hummus trio , never have complaints on that . fish tacos was really good except for some smell . lamb chops and grilled lamb were below average . the dessert specially the baklava was perfect . the price is relatively on a higher side , not for a regular goer", "score": "3"}
{"review": "well rounded menu from people who know mediterranean food ! the flavors are out of this world and the waiters and owners are the nicest people . great environment : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the bartender megan offerd excellent service ! she made sure i always had a drink . recommended the greek quesadilla which ( with a bit of siracha for heat ) was amazing ! i noticed the gm chris was working very hard for the 6 hours i was there . always making sure the guest were taken care of .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "attended a group function last night . the parking lot is packed so make sure to have ample time to look for parking of be prepared to walk a ways . the restaurant itself is very classy , dim lighting , beautiful art in the walls . large patio area and quite spacious inside . service was excellent . i had the leg of lamb gyro which was very good . the greek fries were also tasty . the menu offers appetizers , modestly price gyros and salads and a menu of entrees in the upper range . it seems everyone at the table ordered something different but it all look amazing . the food did seem to lean a little more greek but one could argue there is a mediterranean flair in some of the other dishes . there is a happy hour i intend to try during the week . my only complaint was the extremely short `` by the glass '' wine list . there was only 4 available and not one greek option . as a wine drink that was disappointing . all in all i highly recommend and look forward to returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ivy has the best mediterranean food ever ! ! ! my friends hailey , nicole and i have been dying to try something new . mediterranean food has never been my favorite but were a frisky bunch so we decided to try it again , and boy was i glad . give it a try if you 're feeling adventurous !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time at the ivy and i loved it ! ! food is great and the ambiance is out of this world . will go back for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tonight was our first time at the ivy . i had high hopes because of all the great reviews . unfortunately we had terrible service and bad food . will never go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a gem . lovely interior and a great patio . i 've been several times and the service is always great , but some of the food could use a little improvement . the chicken pita is pretty much tasteless , and the bruschetta is so-so . the gyros are great and the ivy fries are amazing , so stick with those and you'l be fine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love ivy ! beautiful atmosphere , the fabulous food and the amazing service . anthony was great and the flaming cheese was the best ! ! thx ! we shall be coming back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is the money ! my wife loves the chicken pita and the freaking ivy fries are un-f-in believable . they accept the passport card which is awesome because it 's buy one get one . a little pricey but hey quality always is . the decor is very inviting and i guess i 'll say cool . could n't think of a better adjective . i highly recommend and hope they thrive and do well . it 's great to have non chains around our community .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "1 2 price appetizers and discounted beer wine every day during happy hour . two nice choices are shrimp w egg plant and mussels . nice sized and flavorable pitas . everyone was friendly and timely . waiting for cooler weather to sit on the patio .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great patio and happy hour . pricey for lunch or dinner though . live going in winter months to sit on the patio .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "5 met for lunch and birthday get together . all food was great and presentation impressive . nice atmosphere . waiter attentive . will recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to this place for the last few months . staff has always treated me and my guests great . good music on friday nights . food is excellent . i 'm a sucker for good gyro either in pita or salad form .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good times , acoustic music great food ! will definitely be back . had the lamb chops and they were amazing . wife has a damon salad , emptied the bowl : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "live music ? umm , i guess . but that 's only if you like pretty poor covers of clapton , cash , and even nirvana played very loud . service- good enough food- $ 16 dollar hummus appetizer ? really ? ok but you should probably skip it . chicken skewers- portion too big but it does n't really matter because even if you had n't eaten in a week you would n't finish it . dry as the mojave desert . lamb skewers- i 'm sorry a sweet little lamb had to die for this . out of about 12 or so cubes of meat only one you could actually chew . the rest were like trying to eat a leather football . i left the remnants of half chewed dead lamb chunks on my plate . hopefully the dishwasher tells the half ass cook that sh t is fuked up and nobody can actually eat it . will i return ? hell no , i 'd rather drink my own pee .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i can see this being a nice atmosphere for drinks with friends , but i would n't suggest this place for dinner . my boyfriend and i went for dinner a few weeks ago - we ordered sangria ( which was quite gross , it was not how sangria typically is - it tasted like a cheap red wine - did not have any fruit , no sweetness to it , and probably no brandy it 's like they had no idea what sangria was ) , he got a pasta dish that was `` okay '' , and i got the hummus trio . the only thing good about the hummus trio was the pita bread ... it said it came with veggies and i expected cucumber and carrots - but it was all celery , gross . the hummus was n't very flavorful . this place is twice the price of pita jungle and not even close to being as good . if you want good hummus , do n't waste your time here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i went their for a much needed date night and it was wonderful ! we 're so happy to have such an awesome restaurant with great ambiance ! i had the lamb chops and they were superb ! my hubby had the chilean sea bass and he loved it ! great place to take out of town guests , instead of taking them to some chain restaurant ! the service was impeccable and they have live music ! ! oh yeah , the appetizers were great too ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! great food and great staff ! apparently some people # watchme , have a problem with leaves on trees . oh , well . ca n't fix stupid . christina is a great manager ! oh , and if you ca n't fit in the bathroom , maybe you should stay home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was great ! first the patio is spacious with a variety of seating options . next the cocktail options are interesting and the beer and wine selections are also decent sized . our server lauren was great at explaining the menu , making recommendations and checking back in on our table . she even held up a great conversation when asked about a tattoo , straight with reviews of the shop one of our party was looking at for some work . now the food ... incredible . the portions were large - no one finished the full plate and everyone loved all that they had . i personally had the ivy club with ivy fries - the food tasted fresh and light - but the portion large enough that next time i will share it with a friend . the ivy fries include a lemon sauce and some cheese and i have zero idea why when they are an option that anyone would chose naked fries . ca n't wait to go again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "atmosphere is great ! great patio ! food , not so much . food is so-so . nothing to write home about . i actually do n't think its worth coming back for .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great customer service and great food ! ! the gyros was great and the taziki sauce amazing . the lemon greek fries were heavenly . ca n't wait to come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the gyro salad . we used to live near this place and went often . not sure why they ca n't attract a consistent crowd . service can be slow at times but still worth a visit as food was always good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "anthony gave us great service and the cocktail menu is great ! atmosphere is relaxing and spacious- private room and outdoor seating also available .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not good ! i was looking forward to the bruschetta . i got the pear and brie and the tomato and pesto ones . the bread was very soggy and the overall quality was not good . my husband got the burger and felt it was over cooked and dry . my son 's quesadilla was enormous , much too big for a kids portion . the service was good but the food was not ! would not go back", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i gave it a 2 because the food was not good . and we got covered with tiny tree leaves , our food , drinks and all over us . something i do n't want on my food . 3 stars for service . the brushetta was terrible , specially the prosciutto . i could make it way better at home . my friends ordered calamari and i tried them ... .each have different taste . one of them have no seasonings . we told the waitress and all she said was `` they just did n't put much '' i said , they did n't put any at all . we could taste and see the difference between all the other calamaris that was ordered , it should n't look plainly white ... anyways , not coming back . then my waitress poured water on my sprite instead of a refill of sprite ? then i have to kept asking for refill . well , thats what i have to say about this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty good place . great service , the food was excellent as well . the sea bass was excellent . also the lamb dish was out of this world . we liked the ambiance but the place pretty empty for a saturday night . the only downside was the mixed drinks were horrible . syrupy , could not taste any alcohol , and basically downgraded the experience that is the ivy . do n't know why the ivy does n't get that great cocktails are part of the overall experience . so we wo n't be back . too bad because that is an easy thing to fix .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been a regular in the area for a while and the ivy is one place i ca n't get enough of ! i am always immediately greeted with friendly staff who are eager to help ! chris , brandon , and chelsea behind the bar keep everyone in high spirits ! the ambiance is exactly what i need after a long day of work to relax and have a good time ! i highly recommend this place to anyone in the area or anyone looking to relax and have a great night surrounded by great people !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the food at cristos and penelope 's other restaurant `` cyprus grill '' , so we were very excited to finally get a chance to eat there last night ! we had the shrimp and eggplant marinara appetizer , lamb skewers and shrimp skewers . food was delicious and presentation nice . we were told that we could also order off of the lunch menu , which we will probably do next time . the whole place has a really nice upscale feeling and has a large patio with both tables and several nice seating areas . i hope the comment about ashtrays on the patio is n't true since smoke really ruins it for us . on the downside , they only had two servers last night , but it was late on a weeknight . i 'm sure they 'll get that sorted .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've loved the ivy since they 've opened but have only been there 3 times because it 's pricey . now so excited to see they are offering a great happy hour menu and weekly specials -- follow them on instagram for the details . i am excited ivy ! ! great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here for lunch . the place was pretty empty . waitress was very nice and attentive . the food was expensive and blah over all . i had a salad with chicken and walnuts and thats pretty much all there was too it . they needed to add a lot more veggies to make it worth the 12 they charged for it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food and atmosphere ! wish it were just a little more local , but worth the drive . great bar and the mediterranean french fries are to die for !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ate here for lunch ( which happened to be free ) for customer appreciation day . i ordered the chicken pita which was great . the ivy is a very cute place and i look forward to checking out their happy hour drinks and specials .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the four of us ate outside at the ivy on a beautiful may evening . the hostess seated us quickly , and ensured the table was clean . the service was timely , and since our waiter was greek and looked like jim from the office , we had a very good interaction . the greek fries were so tasty we ordered a second plate . i loved the shrimp skewers with a greek side salad . my wife had the gyro salad and not only really liked it , but was impressed by the amount of meat in ot . we passed on dessert , but enjoyed relaxing on the patio after dinner . it was a good experience overall .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really good food . business looks slow- tables are available . hope they last . nice people too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "outstanding food , service and decor . the lamb skewers are delicious . the chefs board is big enough for 4 , bring your hunger . great addition to the area . i 'll definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great ambience , friendly staff and no wait time for us ( party of 2 at 7pm on a friday evening ) our server was very nice and helpful . food was mediocre though . we got the shrimp and eggplant appetizer - a lot of the eggplants were inedible ( chewy and undercooked ) . the dish lacked zest . we also for the chicken cilantro salad which was ok . the chicken was dry and chewy . got the gyro pita which was quite blah . atmosphere was nice . great for a date night but would n't go for the food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i appreciate restaurants the most when they do not rush my experience . the ivy slowly fed me for three hours ! they were not pushy or impatient and the food was delicious ! i loved sitting by the fire in the sunshine reading my book and sipping my drinks while the small plates came out ! turn your back to the street and it almost feels lakeside . i also loved their 90s rock playlist ! very easy and refreshing to listen to ! the only reason they do n't have 5 stars from me is because their dessert menu is bullshit . lava cake and new york cheese cake at a mediterranean restaurant ? those are crowd pleasers and show no substance or heritage . they do have a well priced brunch with $ 15 bottles of champagne and oj ! i will be back but not for the dessert lol", "score": "4"}
{"review": "try the shrimp app and chicken skewer entree , it 's good af ! bonnie was our server and she was great , we will be back . the live music made for a great atmosphere as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! great variety on the menu and the food is delicious ! my favorites are the ivy fries , homemade hummus and the bruschetta ! great selection of craft beers and unique wines ! the patio area is super nice and dog friendly and there is plenty of space for large parties ! highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "meh . i really wanted to like this place since we live within walking distance and frequent this plaza at least 1-2 times a month for good eats . i 've been there once for lunch , once for dinner and once for happy hour with girlfriends . each time left me more unimpressed than the last . on the positive side , it 's a great location and the patio is awesome ... just wish the service and food was up to par . i 'm sure we will keep trying every once in a while since it is a family owned local business that we favor supporting over chain restaurants .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dish : lamb pita $ 9.95 price and quality : the pita had big chuck of meats and i loved it . the meat was soft . $ 9.95 pita is pretty reasonable . other entr\u00e9es are pretty pricy . i would like to revisit them when they have a lunch special : d comparison with other restaurant : pita jungle vs . the ivy i would like to go back to the ivy . i was not happy with pita jungle food taste when i went in 2015 in tempe location . revisit ? yes", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing service from brandon ( the manager ) love the atmosphere and staff ! ! ! the az moscow mule is s must try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down , the best mediterranean food in az ! the staff is lovely , ambiance is tranquil and beautiful , and the staff is phenomenal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never had bad service . i have been going here since it opened . chef made my groom 's cake , plenty of birthday cakes , and constantly can cheer up a rainy day with mouth watering sweets ! my favorites are the red velvet , fruit tarts , fresh breads , and anything he does pistacio ... check it out and you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this quaint bake shop has become my benchmark for danishes . if you come to vegas with a box of svenhard 's i will reach out of your screen and slap you silly . if you bring those tins of `` danish '' cookies you got last christmas i will slap you harder . i got hooked on the fruit danishes . the cheese danish is also something to go for as many have pointed out . get there early for the cheese danishes ; they 're gone by the afternoon . sexy people also tip . especially when the chef goes out of his way to add cream and sugar to your coffee for you . stay sexy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tastes good but sugar tastes good . smells good b c they are baked in-house so the low rating due to the artificial colorings used . bright colored muffins and fillings make my stomach hurt . wont be back unless i can find a dye free sweet . ill buy one at whole foods- they list ingredients i loved baked items but they also need to be all natural no dyes or artificial pie fillings a plus is sprouted flour , cane sugar , farm raised eggs", "score": "2"}
{"review": "even though they spelled my daughters name wrong on her birthday cake we were still pleased the cake was delicious . it was moist and the design was better then what we asked for . definitely ordering our other daughters cake in august . plus was their at the right time when they just made pretzels , yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have to say , i 'm not really understanding all the hate on this location . i think it 's totally awesome that this place is kosher , and i think it speaks well of dd as a company that they 'd recognize how to best fit the neighborhood where they 're placed . anyway , i tend to come to this spot in the later hours . the service is always quick , and they usually have what i 'm looking for in stock . ( sometimes , it being an hour or two before closing , they 've run out of my # 1 choice of boston creme , which keeps this from being a 5-star . ) even though i come in late in the evening , the staff is always friendly , and they do n't give me crap when i ask to buy one or two munchkins ( for my spoiled-as-hell dog ) . i ca n't comment on the fake-bacon sandwiches , but i can say that this is a well-designed , well-staffed location . thumbs up !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a very good simple $ 12 manicure and later a $ 25 pedicure . clean , fast and they did and excellent job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here for the first time today for a mani pedi . it was great ! i got the sun-kissed pedi , which was amazing . i am extremely ticklish and have a hard time with pedis but this young man was so nice and did n't bother my at all . i also got the shellac nails and there was not a single bubble ! the last few places i tried left me with bubbly nails . i will definitely go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scrupulously clean . great pedi consistently . staff is always courteous and cares about results . would recommend highly", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! i love to support local businesses . sometimes the wait can be awhile but great staff and they always do a great job ! also very clean . i wo n't go anywhere else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the worst experience at this salon . walked in was going to get a manicure and pedicure . first a man was working on my feet someone came in he stopped what he was doing and started to do her nails . i was confused . then the owner kept asking me was i getting a manicure or a polish change . then someone else did my nails i had 4 people doing my nails and toes . i will never go there again . would n't recommend total over priced . i guess they add their tip in with the prices", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i picked up a ci saves deal for this place , and today i used it ; i 'm so glad i did . luxury is a clean nail salon with a pleasant interior . my technician was very thorough making sure that i was happy with the length and shape of my nails . prices are competitive with the nicer nail places in town , $ 40 for a french no chip manicure which is standard in my experience . if you 're looking for a new nail place , definitely give them a shot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "\u00fcbervoll , dadurch \u00fcberfordertes personal . unfreundlich . der einweiser spricht st\u00e4ndig vom typischen g\u00e4steproblem . was soll das denn hei\u00dfen ? nach langer wartezeit wird die bestellung aufgenommen . essen kommt dann schnell . steaks etwas verbrannt . beilagen fehlen . nach reklamation h\u00e4lt es der einweiser f\u00fcr wichtiger seine vip 's zu unterhalten . beilagen kommen dann nachdem fast alles gegessen wurde . g\u00e4steproblem halt . ambiente ist unten eher rumpelkammer auf engstem raum . oben ist es sch\u00f6n , aber nur f\u00fcr reservierte tische .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "naja wohl der letzte besuch gewesen es war samstag wenig los im tower 66 wurden gleich sehr ich sag mal ( angepamt ) vom kelner : , , setzten sie sich sofort hin sagte er was uns ziemlich aufregte da wir nur essen wollten ... ... dann kam der kellner brach die speisekarte und so . wir hatten king prawns f\u00fcr 16.80 und drei burger f\u00fcr ca . 18 euro jeweils unsere king prawns waren innen roh und gefrohren die burger kalt und beilage schlecht gew\u00fcrzt naja war wohl das letzte mal hatte und 80 euro f\u00fcr schlechtes essen gekostet", "score": "1"}
{"review": "interieur sch\u00f6n gemacht . l\u00e4dt zum verweilen ein . burger sind eher nicht empfehlenswert , sind aber auch relativ g\u00fcnstig . \u00fcber den rest der karte kann ich mir kein urteil erlauben . kurzer zusatz : anschlie\u00dfend war 3 von 3 personen schlecht .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "allgemein wir kamen zu einer weihnachtsfeier ins tower66 und waren begeistert . das war sicherlich nicht unser letzter besuch in diesem sch\u00f6nen lokal mit toller k\u00fcche bedienung sehr nett und aufmerksam , hat uns weine und nachtisch empfohlen . war aufmerksam mit getr\u00e4nken das essen gro\u00dfes lob an die k\u00fcche , steaks waren auf den punkt ! burger und beilagen super lecker das ambiente sehr sch\u00f6ne atmosph\u00e4re mit tollem blick auf motorworld , gem\u00fctlich und edel . wir haben uns sehr wohlgef\u00fchlt . sauberkeit sehr sauber mit originellen toiletten , sch\u00f6ne dekoration", "score": "4"}
{"review": "allgemein wir waren schon \u00f6fter im tower und bis heute war der service auch gut . doch der hat leider sehr nachgelassen . bedienung der kellner war sehr unmotiviert . und dementsprechend schlecht war der service teilweise dachten wir er sei nach hause gegangen wir haben f\u00fcr vorspeise und hauptgang geschlagene 3 stunden gebraucht . das essen das essen war wie immer gut , doch leider kalt . auf beanstandungen wurde \u00fcberhaupt nicht reagiert . wir waren sehr entt\u00e4uscht und werden nicht wieder kommen ! das ambiente das ambiente ist wirklich sehr sch\u00f6n . ein gang auf die toiletten ist auch sehr zu empfehlen .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "allgemein nachdem wir widerwillig einem platz an der t\u00fcre zugewiesen wurden ( der laden war leer ) hat es das gesamte personal geschafft uns erfolgreich zu ignorieren . freundliches zug\u00e4cheln hat leider nichts gebracht . von service keine spur . vielleicht w\u00e4re man mit dem vorlegen eines porsche schl\u00fcssels besser beachtet worden - ich wage es zu bezweifeln ... nach 10 min und nachdem das `` service '' personal mehrfach an uns vorbeigeschlichen war haben wir uns f\u00fcr eine etablierte alternative f\u00fcr gute burger entschieden . ganz schwache vorstellung ! ! ! auf diesem wege alles schlechte bedienung siehe oben . ich habe schon lange nicht mehr so ein kundenfeindlichen service erlebt ! ! ! ! das essen leider nicht bewertbar . ich h\u00e4tte gerne etwas bestellt . da aber von den bedienungsen kein ansatz kam ihrer arbeit nachzugehen kann ihc hierzu leider nichts sagen das ambiente naja ... auf den ersten blick ein sch\u00f6nes , etwas k\u00fchles und unentspanntes ambiente . es soll jedoch menschen geben welchen das gef\u00e4llt sauberkeit scheint sauber . tische geputzt und boden gereinigt . vielleicht gibt es f\u00fcr das personal ein laufverbot das der boden nicht schmutzig wird .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "allgemein neues steakhouse in b\u00f6blingen , direkter einblick in die harley-verkaufsr\u00e4ume und in die blitzblanke werkstatt . blick aufs flugfeld und die ferrari-niederlassung . bedienung aufmerksame und z\u00fcgige bedienung , wartezeit war angenehm und passend . das essen klasse war das tunfisch-tartar mit einer schmackhaften zubereitung . das porterhouse-steak wie auch das lady-filet waren hervorragend . das meckatzer bier hebt sich schmackhaft gegen\u00fcber der sonst \u00fcblichen massenware von erdinger , sanwald , warsteiner + co. heraus . schrift der speisekarte ist etwas klein . das ambiente sehr stimmiges ambiente , usa , harley davidson und route 66 \u00fcber 3 etagen . tv`s \u00fcberall aber nicht dominant . raucherlonge mit zigarrenangebot . open-air abteilung f\u00fcr sonnige tage . sauberkeit sehenswerte toiletten", "score": "5"}
{"review": "allgemein ( ( wir hatten uns spontan entschlossen ein sch\u00f6nes abendessen zu geniessen . der anfang war sehr gut , professineller empfang und freundliche bedienung . das essen kam schnell aber ich war super entt\u00e4uscht , ein riesiger teller mit einem armseligen burger drauf , total lieblos und unprofessionell f\u00fcr so eine lokation . die pommfritt \u00fcbersalzen und ein undefinierbares gew\u00fcrz dabei . preis - leistungs- verh\u00e4ltnis stimmt hier auf keinen fall . bedienung sehr freundlich und wir haben die freude am job gesp\u00fcrt , sie hat vieles wett gemacht , aber es kann nicht die regel sein das unprofessionalit\u00e4t im managment vom servicpersonal aufgefangen wird ! ! ! ! das essen das essen war total lieblos angerichtet , tip vielleicht den koch wechseln oder einige konkurrenz- essen in ad\u00e4quten l\u00f6kalit\u00e4ten absolvieren das ambiente das ambiente ist freundlich , angenehm l\u00e4dt zum verweilen ein . finde es schade das es hier mit minimum zeichen zugeht , heisst es nicht immer in der k\u00fcrze liegt die w\u00fcrze sauberkeit es ist sauber , die tische werden sofort ges\u00e4ubert und neu eingedeckt . mehr kann ich dazu nicht sagen", "score": "3"}
{"review": "edgar was out to our house in less than 30 mins after talking with him over the phone . we needed to have our water heater drained and removed so the walls could dry . it was about 7pm if not later on a sunday evening . he did an excellent job and was thorough . we are looking forward to having him come in a few days to install the new water heater .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you newtech plumbing ! edgar was great and installed our new water heater promptly when we needed this replacement right away . the pricing was great - and matched the pricing on their website for a new water heater with installation . he responded back quickly and was very helpful with our questions . i would highly recommend if in need of a plumber .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my water heater needed replacement and i did n't really know who to use . most places were n't able to come till the next day or wanted $ 1500+ for weekend service . i found newtech plumbing in google after searching for tempe plumbers . once i called and spoke with edgar i decided on newtech as he was very knowledgeable and professional . i texted him a few pictures of my existing setup and he gave me a firm price that beat all prior quotes . i wish i could give 10 stars ! he showed up on time , used a professional grade unit , did the work for the quoted price and was a really nice guy ! thanks ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lots of stars ? ? ? ? awesome company , great pricing ... shopped pricing and they were the winners hands down . my water heater started leaking and called newtech the next morning , had a new water heater by 1:00 the same day ! really impressed with their professionalism and cleanliness . will use again for other repairs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love newtech plumbing ! edgar was incredibly helpful when our water heater needed replacing , giving us advice while we worked through the process with our home warranty company , and even finding ways to help us save money wherever possible . he 's so accessible that one evening i was texting him pictures of various parts from the aisles of home depot , so he could tell me which ones to buy ( to save money ) ! his work is immaculate , too . i have newtech coming back tomorrow to look at another issue we 're having ; it 's great to find a plumber we can trust !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you so much ! edgar and newtech plumbing were fantastic ! beat everyone 's price by at least $ 200 , but more importantly , he was professional , prompt , very knowledgeable and very helpful . water heater blew out on sunday evening , by monday when i called he was over within an hour , got us running water for the day night and was back the next day to install our new rheem 40 gal water heater ; complete with flex hoses , shut off valve , pan and drain . i would highly recommend edgar and newtech plumbing for any plumbing needs . very happy customer ... ..tell all your friends and neighbors . he 's awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never write reviews but i am so happy with the service edgar the owner of newtech plumbing solutions has provided . my gas hot water heater was leaking and i needed a new one asap . i called edgar and he gave me a great price over the phone . he arrived on time and did a great professional job at the price he quoted over the phone . i have to say this is the best company with the best customer service i have ever experienced ! ! ! thanks edgar ! ! ! great job ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , fair price , on time , friendly and knowledgeable . one very happy customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , very professional and beat all other bids on a new hot water heater by $ 200 . these guys are great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i had every homeowners nightmare our water heater was leaking so needless to say water and electricity not a good situation in our garage . we called a few well advertised plumbing services and their estimates plus extra charges for a weekend emergency service call was $ 1450 - $ 1800 yikes ! we have huge medical bill debt and we are not flush with cash so oscar still searched and then he found newtech plumbing . edgar arrived at our house after 7pm on sat night his quote was $ 675 installed 50 gal rheem water heater . we found out edgar is an owner of newtech . he was professional and a licensed plumber , the installation was flawless , he left the area clean and neat and took our old unit with him . we can not say enough good things about our experience we support small businesses . we are grateful and highly recommend newtech & edgar thank you so much ! oscar & ruthy cisneros", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a+ for service , a+ for quality , and a+ for competitive pricing . edgar did a fantastic job replacing our old water heater in a timely manner and at a very reasonable price . his craftsmanship and attention to detail are second to none in the field . i highly recommend newtech plumbing . edgar , job well done sir !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a saturday evening noticed water coming from our water heater . my husband had to drain and turn off the main water to our home . i called newtech plumbing solutions , edgar answered and gave me a far price and said he has a tech in my area that could come as early as a hour . wow ! ! that 's service . tech arrived as promised and took care of our water heater emergency . great service and tech was friendly and professional . thank you for your hard work in the heat of the summer . will definitely be calling if i ever need the services they offer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beste bar ever ! thanks thomas for everything . you always give me and my friends a home . unfortunately it 's closed forever : (", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nette cafebar direkt am marktplatz von b\u00f6blingen . besonders lecker : die flammkuchen und die salat sticks . ein muss hier : chai tee ! aber eigentlich ist alles zu empfehlen ; - ) viel platz drinnen , viel platz drau\u00dfen , tolles ambiente , i love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an excellent place to finish off a stressful day or to just hang out at . very crowded on weekends and meeting point for very different age groups . definitely the place to go to in the b\u00f6blingen area for drinks and light food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ist okay , wenn man abends sonst nichts zu tun hat . f\u00fcr die preise sind manche alkoholische getr\u00e4nke viel zu klein ( gin tonic z.b . ) und das d\u00e4mmrige licht verleitet zum einschlafen . sitzt man im raucherraum , so sollte man im voraus bestellen , weil die bedienung dann teilweise viel zu lange auf sich warten l\u00e4sst . zu loben sind die frischen speisen und die hei\u00dfe schoki . der inhaber ist auch sehr freundlich .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "das cafe bar ist f\u00fcr uns immer wieder der startpunkt einer b\u00f6blingentour ohne essen . die snaks sind essbar aber nicht weltklasse . getr\u00e4nkepreise sind i.o . nur bei den 3er-angeboten ist vorsicht beboten . preislich sind sie toll aber die qualit\u00e4t des verwendeten alkohols l\u00e4sst auf kopfschmerzen warten . der service ist sehr freundlich und bem\u00fcht . schw\u00e4chen sehe ich haupts\u00e4chlich in der selten aktiven l\u00fcftungsanlage , was zu einem subtropischen innenklima f\u00fchrt und der hohe l\u00e4rmpegel , wenn es mal voll wird . zusammenfassend ein netter laden mit ein wenig potential nach oben .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "die cafebar ist echt noch was richtig tolles ! der besitzer ist super nett und meistens auch selbst aktiv hinter der bar . habe dort schon einen geburtstag im untergeschoss der bar gefeiert ( gew\u00f6lbe-keller , sehr cool gemacht ) . die preise sind normal , bier 3eur , 3 capihis f\u00fcr 12eur sind auch okay . gutes essen gibt es zudem auch . empfehlenswert !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eine der nettesten kneipen in b\u00f6blingen , die ich kenne . und das jetzt schon relativ lange . wir kommen immer wieder gerne her . vor allem auch f\u00fcr vegetarier zu empfehlen . zu meinen favoriten geh\u00f6ren die fladenbrote . bei sch\u00f6nem wetter super zum raussitzen . toller ausblick \u00fcber den platz und null verkehr . f\u00fcr raucher gibt es einen extra raucherbereich .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sind au\u00dferhalb der \u00f6ffnungszeiten gekommen und haben trotzdem einen platz bekommen . toll ! die st\u00fchle wurden extra drau\u00dfen f\u00fcr uns aufgebaut . habe ich so noch nie erlebt ! der caf\u00e9 war auch toll und wir haben extra kekse bekommen . kommen bestimmt wieder : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible service , but i suppose you can not expect much from the hired 17year old girls . walked in and went to the register to ask a question . the 3 girls stood there chatting with each other for a good amount of time , while i stood waiting and trying to make eye contact . i finally just interrupted the in-depth conversation about failing their driving tests . my question was sincere and it was answered with a terrible attitude . i did not end up doing business here ... after all , would n't want to bother the staff with the task of doing their job .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "eh . if you 're looking for cheap jewelry ( both price and quality ) , claire 's is the place for you . you can find kind of cute things here and they usually try to follow the latest trends , but just know that if you buy anything , it 's not going to last long at all . i never come to claire 's anymore , although i did when i was younger . i just do n't like their selection or really anything about the place . the last few times i had gone , i could n't even find one thing i 'd buy- which is a bad sign . if you 're looking for a pair of earrings to go with an outfit , and you do n't have expectations of them lasting much longer than one night , give claire 's a try .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "utopia and i have gone straight from second base to home plate - yesterday they kicked things up several notches with the ultimate : gourmet poutine . seriously - the most solid poutine ( meat or otherwise ) i 've ever had . mushrooms ( how they managed to make me like mushrooms is still a mystery ) and goat cheese on top of a mountain of veggie gravy , cheese curds and perfectly crispy fries for only $ 6.95 . the appetizer portion is enough food for four people . the kitchen is open till 1am , so go here after a college street crawl and satisfy your poutine craving !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "utopia 's still got it . stopped here on an overcast saturday afternoon to grab a late lunch and i was thoroughly satisfied by the utopian experience . our server picked up on my reluctance to grab a beer , and adroitly suggested a caesar . yes ! because i was carb loading for a ( as it would turn out , ill-fated ) run the next day , i opted for a chick pea and potato burrito . i was gently upsold on adding shrimp to the mix , and was not disappointed . the burrito was quite unlike any i have had before . it 's more like a dosa really ; the shell is cooked until it 's crispy and it was folded into a smart triangle . they provided a brown tamarind chutney for dipping which was a nice touch . there was also a salad nearby but it was completely unmemorable . you do n't win friends with salad , anyway .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "two simple words . veggie souvlaki . soy protein on a skewer garnished with spices , cooked to perfection , served greek style , in a pita with tzatziki . if you add the hot sauce they bring to the table it 's borderline orgasmic . i love the back patio . toronto hipsters at their best . the service is stellar . when our waiter inadvertently brought out the wrong beer , in the true spirit of canadiana , he apologized profusely . take the pickiest eater in the world here and he she will find something to love ... . for breakfast , lunch and dinner . well , except for that friend of mine who was on some sort of 'dietary cleanse , '' but she does n't count . easy on the wallet and located in the heart of little italy so you can grab drinks afterwards or go for a stroll . at peak hours the line-up is plenty . it 's worth the wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "utopia is my best friend . we 're best friends . i 've never had a bad dining experience in all the times i 've gone . utopia and i sit around , drink wine or beer and tell amusing little stories and we might make fun of people who act douchey in non-douchey situations . no wonder why utopia 's stuck around for so long . utopia can be your best friend too . go now . have their melted brie with raspberry couli . eat their burgers and salads . laugh and be merry .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh hey utopia , what 's up ? ( i also greet my bike this way and any other inanimate objects that i really like ) oh what ? you 're awesome ? i thought so . this place is my go to restaurant when i want guaranteed goodness in my belly . i 've gone here many times and each experience has been excellent . the staff are friendly despite the constant business and the atmosphere and food make for an enjoyable meal . i 've been working my way through the burgers and right now the lamb is my fave . it 's pretty popular so expect to wait ten twenty minutes or so during peak fooding hours . everything great about this place has already been said but i just had to add in my five stars to the mix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a big fan of this place ... when it 's nice outside you ca n't beat eating their delicious food with a cold drink on the patio . i tend to get their burritos a lot and i have never been disappointed . i am getting hungry just writing this review .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "utopia is another great place in toronto for great food at a reasonable price . you will deffinetly feel like you are getting value at this place . a latin and mexican pub fusion . serving gollo pinto ( costa rican rice and beans ) with most meals selections . huge selections of burritos , burgers , quesadillas with interesting ingredients fav 's include the chicken feta burritos , utopia nachos ( as big as your head ) and their buffalo burger !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum ! i used to only order the lamb burrito . then i used to only order the tandoori chicken sandwich . now i only order the seared tuna sandwich with wasabi mayo . all the other food is great too but with this kind of selection it hard not to be overwhelmed . also noteworthy is the lamb sausage poutine with brie . and that they 'll vegetarian-ize any dish . just be warned this place gets busy . be prepared to wait for a table during prime hours .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visited utopia on a saturday morning for brunch . we ordered americanos to start , which were delicious . also ordered a oyako poutine , and utopia breakfast with scrambled eggs . that 's where the good stuff ends . for some odd reason , they only offer scrambled or poached eggs . the poached eggs looked like little hockey pucks , cooked in the form of a ladle ... from where we were sitting by the bar , we had a view of their kitchenette and a roach strutting its stuff on the tile floor . we notified the waitress who stared at the critter and in her hesitation , let it scurry under the stove . we saw her tell the chef , who said `` it is what it is '' . i honestly do n't know why i continued to wait for my food after that . appetite was completely ruined . the food is okay , but not that good that i can overlook a roach in the middle of the restaurant . i mean , come on , they have traps for these .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love utopia . this is my go to when i am entertaining out of towners . they have such a wide variety on the menu , and everything my friends and i have ever tried was great ! ( burritos , real and fake burgers , utopia nachos w tufu , poutine ) also , did n't realize how cheap it was . went there with a group of four , we all got a pint of beer and one my friends had three shots of tequila ( alki ? ) . anyhow , we left full of great food with a buzz on , and our bill was around 60 bones . it does n't get much better than that ! back patio is where its at . sometimes you got ta wait . but it 's worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for a late lunch with a friend . i ordered the omlette of the day and she got the standard breakfast . everything was standard breakfast fare but just a little too bland . service is friendly and fuss free .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered the fried chicken dinner . the chicken was ok . it was n't at all what i expected when you think of fried chicken . the `` slaw '' was very unappealing and not very flavorful at all . the fries were ok and our food took forever to arrive . but they apologized for the wait so ... oh well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm surprised this place gets good reviews . but maybe my mother and i came on an off day . my mom said her veggie burger was terrible , but my nachos were okay , i 've had better though . i 'm sure this place has other good things , but we did n't have the greatest time on that particular day ... sorry , utopia , not the paradise we were expecting . :", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have this thing for lamb so as soon i saw the lamb sausage and brie poutine i knew i had to order it . at first sight i was n't sure that the brie cheese would work out too well . but as the cheese mixed with the gravy , it got way better . combined with the lamb sausage which had the perfect peppery kick to it , i was ready have a heart attack right then and there . service was a tad disappointing as for we were ignored for the first 10-15 minutes . waitresses were slow to bring us water and menus ( when other people seemed to have no such trouble ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place might entice you if you are looking reasonably priced drinks and passable food . the place is spartan to say the least and unfortunately on a scorcher of day i visited the seating area was unbearable . one can try and make it manageable by having some cold drinks but as one can imagine it will carry one only so far . the beer selection is mainly mainstream and i ended up having a corona . now for the food i had a steak sandwich ( my first choice was unavailable ) . the portions are big but the quality of the food left a lot to be desired . i do n't think i will venture here again . 2 stars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "lunch at 1pm on a sunday : service was very slow . my food was just ok and my french fries were serviced cold . wo n't be going back . nothing noteworthy here except that they seemed to be one of the few places on college open for brunch .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i visited utopia cafe based on the reviews of our fellow yelpers.. i think i have high expectations and i was a little disappointed.. we were there on a saturday night at around 10 pm , the place was quiet.. no wait.. and we got great services ! ! yes the services were excellent , our waitress was really attentive . the veggie burger we ordered was really juicy.. i think this is the 2nd time in my life to eat a veggie burger . if they all tasted like that , i think i would always order one . tzatziki with grilled naan that we order is not too good.. i can eat that , but nothing i get excited about ... .. the naan was a little burnt . the portion of the food was huge ! ! we could not even finish everything ... . maybe next time i would go read through all the previous reviews and takes some notes so i know what better to order ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it makes me sad to give this place one star . we used to come here often when we lived in little italy . it was never amazing food , but it was a solid good and our go-to when we wanted a quick burger or burrito . we decided to go this evening as we were back in the neighborhood . big mistake . i do n't know if the owner has changed , but it was awful . first of all , we waited an hour for a burrito , a quesadilla , and a side greek salad . the greek salad was a bowl of lettuce , what tasted like kraft vinaigrette , some feta crumbs and 2 olives . the burrito had slimy hot lettuce in it . and the quesadilla was inedible . it was filled with jelly , glutinous , rubbery , veiny disgusting chicken . i swear i 'm off chicken for a month after taking a bite . it was also watery and tasteless . and the guacamole was brown . sad to see this place has gone so downhill . wo n't be back . avoid it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what happened to utopia ? this used to be one of my fave lunch spots on college st . they had the best food and wonderful wait staff but yesterday my experience was not so great . they have changed the menu and the food we got was bland and the salad was drenched in a tasteless oil . do n't think i will return to this spot i used to love so much .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "utopia has amazing crispy soy chicken burritos . all menu items come in large sized portions , but beware - the line-up can be ridiculous , and the back patio is more of a covered indoor area . service can be hit and miss here due to the crowds , but the food is always right on target !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "since the last time i was here , it feels like the menu has changed . while there is an overwhelming selection of burritos , they also have satisfying salads and soups . i ordered the soup of the day , which was a red curried lentil ( ? ) and a small greek salad . the soup was delicious ! i loved lentil soup ! funny story , i sat there for 30 min waiting for my salad to come out . no one asked me how i was doing or if i wanted anything else . i called a server and told her i was waiting for my salad . she gave me a perplexed look ; came back and told me none had been sent to the kitchen ! considering my first server threw the business card on the table when i asked for the wi fi password , i was not surprised my order was overlooked . thankfully , the 2nd server was more gracious and quickly sent the order to the kitchen . the salad was on the house . because they rectified their mistake , i am rating them highly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "staff does fluctuate from time to time but i always order my lamb burger with onion fries . love it and i always use their tangy sauce and i mix it with ketchup to make a good kicker sauce for my burger and fries . everyone that i brought tried the mixture and they thought it was good . price for food is reasonable , service is good if it 's not busy or under staffed . only complaint is during peak times when they are extremely busy , service does slow down .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is too bad that although canada is a free country , men are still not legally allowed to marry burgers . because if i could , i would have married the double-pattie bison burger that they serve up at this place . damn , it is big , sexy , and delish . i have n't tried other stuff on the menu , but seriously , their burgers are out of this world .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is always packed . i went with a friend to check out what the big whoop is . i had eggplant parmesan burrito with their sesame seed cole slaw . very filling but i found the cole slaw a bit ho hum ( not much flavour ) . we waited a while for our food and our hostess did not check up on us but i guess that is to be expected because this place is so busy . the hostess seats you and takes your order but it 's actually someone from the kitchen that plops your order on your table .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "giant serving and wholesome food . the prices are actually quite reasonable and the service is spot on . they do n't take reservations and the place can fill up fast so make sure you are ready to wait or go at 430 . my favourite item is the brie wrap in pastry with raspberry dipping sauce , so yummy . definitely great place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was great , service was decent . i would go back for the waffles benny . delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i consider myself quite the poutine connoisseur , especially when it comes to the vegetarian variety . utopia wins the tara award for best poutine , hands down , even when pitted against purely poutine-serving establishments like smoke 's and poutini 's ( prob my second favourite poutine in the city ) . a whopping portion of delicious homemade fries ( best shared between 2 ) , a generous cheese curd to gravy ratio , and if that 's not enough , it comes in a basket with paper , which pretty much makes everything taste better . that 's just basic science . i have never been disappointed eating a veggie meal here . thanks , utopia !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good food at really cheap prices . the price to portion ratio is amazing . this is one of my regular spots in the city . i highly recommend their burgers or burritos .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "whole back room space huge nachos good appetizers ( karaage is great , brie-filled pastries are good , crab cakes are alright but have great sauce )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i seriously adore this place . when i used to live on euclid this was my go to place to meet friends for a bite , or to order takeout from after a late night out . it seems to be open ( kitchen included ) til after midnight- and the food is super tasty . the burgers are yummmmy and the burritos are too . all fresh & local ingredients- not over the top with grease . so delicious- so fresh and amazing service to boot . a tiny little patio in the back is heated in the colder weather and partly sheltered for rainy days . i wish it was bigger- but in all honesty it 's something they cant fix- its just a preference i have . i ca n't wait to return- i miss this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went on a friday night and it was packed so it took awhile to get a table but that was to be expected . this place is a casual little restaurant that has a cute patio at the back that goes along with a live atmosphere and friendly servers . the menu is vast here and they have a wide variety of options . everything from burritos , sandwiches , burgers , quesadillas etc . they keep it simple and really cater to vegetarians ( any meat dishes can be substituted for soy ) - they have really good vegetarian options . great prices for large portions but service is quite slow since food took a bit long arriving . i recommend patrons to stick with the tex-mex dishes such as the nachos ( which were amazing - vegetarian or not ) , burritos and or quesadillas as their other dishes such as the burgers did not impress . their patties are served dry and tasteless together with a cold hard bun .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been a fan for years . located in one of the cooler parts of toronto . i 've only had the vegetarian fare , but it 's great . some of the best fries in the city and the veggie gravy is a bonus . the patio in the back has atmosphere . tends to get busy during peak times so be prepared . worth the wait though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything is good here , except for the mouse i saw in the bathroom downstairs and i have n't been back since . the reality is every downtown restaurant probably has some mice or bugs , the buildings are old and shitty and it 's almost impossible to solve entirely ... .does n't mean i want to eat there again tho .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to live around the corner from this place , and with all the options along this strip in collage i found myself coming back time and time again . excellent burgers and wraps burritos . because this place is relatively small there can be waits to get in , so be prepared for that eventuality or try to show up outside of peak hours . i would recommend pretty much all of the burgers , and any wrap that includes any combination of shrimp , chicken , steak and cheese are my favorite . also pay special attention to the daily special , one of the most outstanding burgers iv had here was a duck burger .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was really underwhelmed . everything on the menu looked decent , and the dish itself did too . first- the dish was too packed with food ( a small dish ) . very hard to actually eat . this seems like a good thing , but the food was mostly bland . my grilled chicken wrap was soaked in sauces on the inside , and yet i could hardly taste a thing . the fried were decent , but the salad was just basic mixed greens ( no additions ) . i 'm getting real tired of places using only mixed greens as some sort of fancy dish . there needs to be some other chopped veggies in it . even iceberg lettuce comes with more effort . service was a solid 'mediocre ' . though she did n't once ask how 'everything was tasting ' . i wonder why ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "decent little place with plenty of options service can be a little surly but they are packed so can afford to be rude veggie burger was the only thing i had that was bad but that 's my fault for not sticking to the lamb burger which is great", "score": "3"}
{"review": "large portions ! had a girl 's lunch out here and shared a plate of nachos and some drinks among 3 of us and that was the perfect portion !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has amazing food . i highly recommend the burgers and poutine . very nice atmosphere and good beer section . pricing is very fair and standard for drinks . definitely worth checking out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been for brunch at utopia a few times & the food has always been consistent . the food is fine . the service is usually pretty good . it does n't break the bank . the portions are a bit to big . i 'm grasping for something to say here ... .. i have to confess the only reason that i go here is because it is the only place that one of my friend west end friends wants to go for brunch repeatably . perhaps i should ask him why it 's worth a repeat for brunch : s there are lots of places to go for brunch on the west end , people", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here on recommendation from a dude that i work with , and have been coming back since . this place has a pretty hip , relaxed atmosphere and decor . the staff are young , cool and very nice . the menu consists of mainly sandwiches , mexican fare and burgers ! the burgers are what i come for , and they offer a variety that ranges in toppings and choice of burger meat . the burgers are very large , juicy and tasty . the side of fries is also quite generous . they have a concise selection of beers on tap , and they go well with the food . this is a great joint for a nice dinner date . the atmosphere and food are fantastic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cute little patio at the back . it 's covered so it 's good for all year round . decided to come here bc of the positive reviews . food was regular , we had a quick burger there . fries were yummy . overall , its a super casual and chill place for chatting and hanging out for dinner with friends !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quality spot that lived up to yelp billing . service was ok , but nothing brilliant . it 's tough to rate a place like this that does n't have one unique dish that it 's defined by . i got the smoked benny which was pretty sound and definitely filing enough .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here on a saturday night when the place had only one other couple in it but it quickly filled up after we arrived with other couples and larger groups . everything on the menu sounds pretty appetizing and i settled on sweet potato and grilled chicken quesadilla . i was n't expecting the serving sizes to be so large but i was brought a plate overflowing with food . the quesadilla itself was large but also the sides served with it plentiful , rice & beans with sesame seed coleslaw . the quesadilla was delicious although i wish there was more chicken in it and the sides were mediocre . you definitely get a lot of bang for your buck here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had the utopia burger with fries and it was so good ! they also had a drink special of 9 dollars for a pitcher so my friend and i shared .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the only reason i am giving utopia 3 stars is because i ordered their nachos and it was not very good . a huge portion loaded with goodies and the cheese nicely melted on the top , but the underneath of the dish was actually cold . my wife ordered one of their signature salads and it was amazing so next time i will definitely order one of their signature dishes with hopes of rating utopia higher . the service could be a little better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always a pretty solid plate at utopia for a reasonable price . do n't expect to be blown away though . i find the service friendly enough . i have n't had a burrito here yet but the burgers and sandwiches are tasty ( though the steak sandwich was a letdown the one time i ordered it ) good fries and the free poutine upgrade on tuesdays is pretty tasty but afterwards i 'm always thinking ... why ? why did i do that to my body ? ? ! ! why ? ? ? ? the only complaint i have is why did they put that big stupid tv in the back ? is it not bad enough that hipsters ca n't have a fucking meal with another person without glancing at their phone every minute ? do we now really need to watch cp24 ( bah ! ) constantly ? conversation can be a wonderful thing , lose that damn tv !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a winner . after walking by this spot numerous times , having a couple friends recommend and even having a few order take out , i finally visited the restaurant with a group of friends . i had a bison burger , and burritos ( including the veggie option ) seemed to be a common order at our table . to be able to sit down at a restaurant , a group of people with different diets ( veg , gluten free , meat eater ) and everyone was happy with their meal.. makes this place a winner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to beth since 2012 and have recommended her to my friends and family . before meeting beth i would randomly go for massages at other places but always walked away feeling like i had just wasted my money . that all changed with beth ! she truly cares about her clients and takes the time to learn how to best help them . i 've had lower back and neck issues for years but since i started going to beth , i 've noticed a huge improvement . at first when she moved from her murrysville location to swissvale i was a little hesitant to make the drive . however , i found that her new location is easy to find and there is usually parking available right in front of the building . if you have never had a massage before , beth is the perfect therapist for you . she is knowledgable , friendly , and does n't try to push you into signing up for a million massages . if you have had a massage before , it wo n't compare to beth 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing . one of the top five , if not top three massages i have ever had . do n't let the shared entryway fool you . the perfectly decorated and soothing massage room is wonderful . nice amenities and environment - but the massage itself was just perfect . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beth was not only a professional , but very sweet . the massage i received was excellent - one of the best that i 've had . she listened to and respected my wants and needs for the session . her work was strong and knowledgable . i left there feeling great and will definitely return . her prices are very reasonable , as well . i would definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i suffer from a litany of physical woes and was trying to find a new massage therapist nearby so i would n't have to make a long drive home afterwards . i saw some wonderful reviews here and decided to give it a try . susan did my massage and she was wonderful . she let me use oils that i brought and was very intuitive to all my trigger points and getting all my knots worked out . i felt melted afterwards and that 's a good thing ! she listened and remembered my `` no go '' areas that are too touchy to be worked on and made sure i was comfy through the entire massage . the cost is so reasonable- great for me being on disability and needing to work it into a tight budget . i can wait for my appointment next month , which i scheduled as soon as i got home ! ! i am so happy i found such a great place so close to home ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after reading the previous reviews , i decided to try a massage with beth . i found the reviews were `` spot on '' and i was quite pleased with the experience . the location is very accessible and parking is on street , however , free and close to the office . upon meeting beth , i found her to be friendly , professional , and informative . she explained the technique , process , and the actual massage . beth wanted to be certain i was relaxed and aware while enjoying my massage . the massage was wonderful ! beth did an excellent job . i have had other massages and definitely recommend beth . the service she provides is worth more than what she charges ! i 'm just glad the price is so reasonable . i will be returning in the near future ( appointment booked before i left today ) . if you are looking for a first rate therapeutic massage contact beth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "newer location but still disorganized . this store seems smaller than some of the other macy 's in town which equals less merchandise . it 's also surprising to see the disorganization and things just on top of each other . smaller spaces should be much easier to keep up with . after digging around the handbag area i definitely found a few super cute pieces of food art . love finding random goodies that i ca n't say no to . betsey johnson is currently on fire with her handbag & jewelry lines and i 've been a big fan for a long time . the store was pretty empty on a sat evening which is surprising because ladies in summerlin typically love to shop . maybe this location is n't as popular as the others because it 's smaller ? not sure but was n't loving the over all experience . most of us know that this store can be overpriced so i recommend bringing your monthly coupons & going crazy during mega sales .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really like the downtown summerlin macy 's . i have had nothing but great service in all departments i 've shopped ( e.g. , cosmetics , apparel , shoes ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this macy 's is new & nice . i wish i could say that for the staff . i was purchasing a coat & at the register there was a messy pile of children 's clothing laying on the counter . i picked one up to look at it was was told to `` stop '' . the store employee who looked at least 80 yelled at me & told me not to touch it . i then walked away without purchasing a coat . terrible customer service ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "deciding it was time for some new bedding , i headed in . macy 's to me can be hit or miss , but they do always seem to have some great sales going on . this was the case in the bedding department , so i got serious and started looking around . with a little help from the awesome sales associate , i found exactly what i was looking for . even though i did not actually know what i was looking for it ! the sign of a great salesperson ! ! and could not be happier ... awesome bedding , all on sale ! this macy 's is a smaller one , but the selection seemed pretty good . i am glad it is close , i would stop here and check out what they have with out hesitation !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am surprised this macy 's has such a low rating , my experience here was fantastic ! i tend to shop online to avoid the crowds of the strip , but the new summerlin location solves that issue . the store is quite large , it 's well lit , and has a great layout . every sales associate was friendly and ready to offer their assistance . i came in to exchange a defective kitchen aid blender , and unlike the usual avoidance received when only coming in for an exchange , a very sweet , smiling associate was more than willing to assist . she was very helpful and not at all pushy . she definitely made me want to come back and shop at this location instead of online ! if you need something from a department store , i highly recommend checking out this location . their selection of home & kitchen merchandise is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hey macy 's , how about a smile or any actual gesture acknowledging your customers as you unlock the doors at 10am and open the store . gal who opened the front doors today could not have looked more disgusted with her life . then walking through the store to the second floor , not a single employee looked up or smiled or anything . maybe you should close and start again", "score": "2"}
{"review": "macy 's , newer location in the area . it 's clean , easy parking . the few times i 've done a quick walk around i rarely noticed a sales associate . the plus for his location , macy 's men 's department has a starbucks with seating in it : ) starbucks sales associates always there ! can they ring you up , since the times i 've been in there i never locate a macy 's associate . anyone ... ? !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love macy 's , but i was so disappointed in the new macy 's at dt summerlin . who is the buyer for the fashions ? it was so sad , and truly lacking in any fashion sense . i have visited other macy 's in the surrounding areas with a much better selection . dillard 's was even hipper than macy 's . i will shop online for my macy 's clothing , and accessories . please get it together . not every woman who lives in summerlin dresses like an old prude .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do n't get why it can take a long time to check out at macy 's . usually , there is no one around the registers and it 's maddening . i was at the shoe dept . register ( buying shoes and jewelry ) and a customer was being a real pain , trying to scam the cashier into a refund and who knows what else . the cashier was so patient it was crazy . i listened to this painful exchange go on and on while i tried on shoes , and she was still there working the scam when i went to check out . luckily another employee was there to help me , and she called a manager to help with the other customer , as no end was in sight . i got 4 pairs of shoes at 75 % off and the jewelry was also 75 % . very good stuff ( michael kors , easy spirit , etc . ) at bargain prices . then i got the h out of there !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's nice & new , but it 's fairly small . lack of variety & selection in all areas . was looking for women 's shoes , specifically kitten heels for a wedding , and there was n't even one option for me . my boyfriend was looking for a navy blue suit . they do n't even carry alfani brand suits , just dress shirts . he found one by bar iii , but it only comes in slim fit , and they did n't have his size . so when i said small selection and not much variety , that 's what i meant . it 's good to have this close by , but they could have done a better job and made it bigger . only saving grace ; has a starbucks inside near the men 's section . at & t users : spotty no reception inside", "score": "2"}
{"review": "men 's fragrance . sales girl would n't let me breath which is ironic that i was buying a fragrance . i ca n't stand sales people like that . and on top of it , she was talking to me very condescendingly because i could n't decide and almost seemed annoyed . next time i 'll go to perfumania . ugh . so annoying . update : turns out i really like the one i chose . not sure if it was really her idea but it 's good . +1 star", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nothing like calling macy 's going through all the promos to speak to the right department and no one answers . currently on hold and it 's been 30+ minutes and counting . already tried calling and going through a different department to get in touch with the one i need but even they ca n't ahold of anyone . sad . haha what a joke . if you ca n't even answer my phone call you sure are n't going to get my business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best macy 's in town ! ! ! ! good sales and deals clean new store . friendly staff . could n't ask for more . we definitely needed a macy 's on this part of town . fashion show mall macy 's is super overpriced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so excited about a mall in summerlin , especially a macys ! ! ! and then i tried to check out the boots . seriously the employees in the shoe department need to get the boot ! so rude ; made no attempt to ask if i need help , then when asked they are sure they do n't carry my size without looking or making any other recommendations . i was ready to be an exclusive dillards girl when monique in the home ( kitchen ) goods department redeemed them . but still , macys shoes , seriously ? ? ! you can do better ! 5 star for kitchen home goods 0 star for shoe dept", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just a horrible overall experience . i came in to buy pajamas and a winter coat for my daughter . they only had 2 kinds of pj 's in her size . and 1 color for a coat . horrible selection . ... horrible customer service . it took almost 15 minutes to have my question answered from an assosiate . i also was not able to use a coupon that i had because it specifically excluded their on day sale items . ..well 95 % of their kid clothes were on their `` one day sale '' . also their escalator was broken so we had to go to the other side of the store to take the elevator . there were no signs anywhere for it so yeah that was fun looking for it . i will not be returning to this store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "while this macy 's is clean and beautiful , the clothing selection is limited . there 's cute things to find , but not many . as much as i love macy 's , they make forever 21 look like the cream of the crop ( based on the variety of clothing items ) . perhaps it is because they 're still new ? maybe over time the selection variation will increase ( for the better ) . overall , the associates are friendly , service is excellent and it is a major plus that there 's a location by our home that does n't require us to go way over to fashion show . p.s.- cell phone service is pretty much left in the parking lot once you walk in the store . they have free wifi , which is a plus if you 're sending imessages . regular text messages do n't really work for me as a t-mo customer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i visited this macy 's yesterday to get my friends mom a little birthday gift ! the fact that i do n't have to drive all the way down to the strip is so awesome ! soon as i walked in i was greeted and asked did i need assistance ! the sales representative was very courteous and helpful ! i see some fellow `` yelpers '' did n't quite get the best of customer service ! i did though ! i guess you just have to go on a good day lol ! anyways the store itself is extremely clean and very well organized ! i have no complaints ! i will be returning !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am only giving 1 star because i have to . i waited for 45 minutes to get 1 pair of shoes . i finally walked out without ever seeing them ! customer service is lacking to say the least . this store is always a mess . i am done going here . 3 visits and 3 times bad service or no service no thank you !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not sure why the reviews are so low but my experience at this macy 's was beyond expectations ! jennifer at the inc department and cheyenne in woman 's fashion are over the top helpful ! they went out of their way in all the holiday madness to help all my mess christmas shopping . yes , i did encounter maybe one worker who was n't thrilled to be there ( juniors dept ) but they all did the best they could with excellent customer service . my advice if you really want in and out- check out in the shoe section , they get commission and will get you in and out as fast as possible . if not , these girls in woman 's fashion work at their best and it truly shows ! remember people : this is a new store and the holiday season . take a deep breath , smile and you will be amazed at how you will be treated ! kudos woman 's fashion !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super new macys . so bright inside ! i mean , super bright . brighter than the sun i imagine . located at the new downtown summerlin . our saleslady was super nice and talked to us about oregon and where we 're from . they had exactly what we were shopping for . we will be back to this location !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "located in summerlin away from the fashion show mall makes this a lot easier to come to but the selection is not as good . however if u are able to find this place at a non busy time such as saturday afternoon , you can find someone as amazing as pat . she was the only woman working in the men 's section april 16 . came here to match a color for a suit for our upcoming wedding in september . pat walked around with us for more than 15 looking at all the men 's suits in detail , grabbing any suit that was remotely close to the light gray suit we brought to the store . because there our groomsman were n't there , she hooked it up with the web id number for all the suits and brands so that our groomsmen could buy accordingly . love macy because of its lenient return policy . thank you pat for making our experience here so wonderful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been a faithful macy 's customer for a looooong time . it 's my go to for a bunch of things ... .make up , perfume , handbags , clothes , shoes , household items too such as towels , bedding , etc ... my list could go on . so i recently moved to lv and went to the closest macy 's . what a huge disappointment ! i first went here to return a sweater i ordered online . the cashier looked me up and down in the most judgmental way . i 'm thinking , hmmm , you 're a cashier , i 'm sure you 're no better than me . her comments were condescending.. she was rude through our entire transaction . i 'm seriously considering never going here again as someone told me the store as the fashion mall is a billion times better and nice people work there . i do n't need people kissing my feet , just do n't look at me like i 'm crap and act like you 're jesus .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they do n't even deserve this one star ! the most hateful sales women in the junior 's department gave me so much attitude on a return with the tags , return label and receipt and same credit card ... i even emailed macy 's on this matter ... still no reply and it has been weeks now . i even provided the return receipt so they could pin point this employee that straight out harassed me for returning an item or maybe she did not like seeing an interracial couple . bottom line , no one should be treated the way i was treated and to think she was getting paid by macy 's to act so rude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was at store in women 's department at 8:00 p.m. on saturday . no more than 3 shoppers , 3 saleswomen doing nothing , and no one offered to help while on the floor , to check on dressing room to see if i needed a different size , etc. , until i was trying on my last dress . then she ended up talking about herself the whole time . i was asked if i wanted to join a `` buyers club , '' or something to that effect , to receive a discount on future purchases . i asked twice if there was a fee , was told no , and then saw on the screen it was ringing up as a $ 25 charge . really poor form here , out and out lying to a customer . unfortunate in any kind of establishment , but really i thought better of macy 's .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "when i searched this store it seemed all employees were busy with other tasks , but i was just browsing before work , knowing i have my macy 's card ! ! ! once i arrived over to the urban decay make up section , fatima instantly helped me . there was n't hesitation , she knew her product and made me feel very welcome in the store . i give her all the credit for my visit going extremely well . so well that i was able to try out a few concealers with her application services , and buy exactly what i needed . i will always go back to her for my make up needs . i work around this area so i can come back if she is n't .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after waiting in line for 20 minutes we decided to move to another line , again , waiting over 20 minutes to purchase 1 item , we left . not only do the people behind the registers not know what they are doing , they do n't acknowledge you 're standing there waiting and the person at the register right behind , rather than taking the next customer in line , that 's been waiting there forever , they just take whoever walks up to the register . get it together macy 's , if i wanted to be treated like a walmart shopper , i 'd shop at walmart . macy 's obviously does not train their employees how to treat customers well and they lost business today . if i could give them a negative number of stars i would .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been shopping at macy 's for years , and in all fairness have given this location many chances to change my negative opinion . it is so hard to ever locate a sales associate , and when you do they are rude . i do n't understand how the mens jeans are always a mess and how i have to hunt someone down to purchase my items . not only do they seem short staffed ... but the staff they do have is definitely not being trained well . on numerous occasions they seem lost on even the simplest of transactions . if your looking for a pleasant experience i recommend taking the drive down to the fashion show mall location . the sales associates there are much more pleasant !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i took my wife to this store & was very happy with the $ 400.00 plus spending on clothes & shoes . however in the womens apparel dept some of the clothes were just hanging by one side of the hangers . the reason i mention this is because i was sitting by the fitting room & one of the associates must have walk by this unorganize rack 5 or 6 times & never stop to fix or tidy up the rack , but had plenty of time gabbing to the other associate . there were a couple of other customers there at that time but not dealing directly with the employee . just thought my feed back will help in the future . i worked customer service for 36 years ! thank you", "score": "4"}
{"review": "god forbid a cashier wo n't ring up or return an item unless it belongs to their section , are you serious ? that 's petty customer service . literally no one across from me at a register because i have to wait in line in another department . petty petty . no wonder your sales are down and closing stores , i would n't shop macy 's just because of this inconvenience", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i shop at macy 's a lot . the merch at all the macy 's locations is pretty much the same so my review pretty much comes down to customer service . this macy 's is centrally located in downtown summerlin and is in between two covered parking garages . there is a starbucks here ! hallelujah : ) i 've received excellent service the many times i have been here . my only issue is how friggin difficult it is to find a worker in the store ! there are registers literally everywhere in the store , but no customer service reps available to ring up purchases . i have to wander from one department to the next finding someone . # firstworldproblem , i know . but what is the point of having so many unmanned ( or unwomanned ) cash registers ? at least have a `` closed '' sign so people are n't just standing there waiting for someone .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "joey in mens clothing was very helpful with a complicated reurn . thanks !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this macy 's . from the cosmetic to the clothing departments , i have had fabulous ladies assisting me . they have way better sales than the other department store next door , and when i need someone to help me find something , i can always find her . love that you 're in summerlin !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience at macy 's downtown summerlin today ! ! i just want to thank tracey witt for helping me get dresses , shoes , & a purse for my europe honeymoon trip ! ! i was in such a hurry because we leave in 2 days but she helped me in every department ! ! amazing ! ! great service , great employee ! ! i 'll be back when we return to shop more ! ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nancy in the home goods department was super sweet and extremely helpful . thanks for the terrific customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shoe departments guys were very good customer skills ! ! ! ! specially michael ! a very good customer service ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very poor customer service . how is it ok to close a register in front of a customer , walk away and say nothing ? rude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's macy 's of course , i love her and she loves me , also tracy is the stuff , a coordinator over at the fashion show mall , always on her game , very nice , very helpful with whatever is needed . years later she is the same wonderful person , love it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to the watch counter to have a watch battery replaced . do not waste your time going to macy 's to have your watch battery replaced . a very kind lady informed me that they do not do that there , but they would be happy to take my watch and ship it off to have the battery replaced for $ 51 . i smiled and told her no . but then ( and this is why they get 4 stars ) she told me she would not do that either and there is a great local little jeweler only a couple miles away that will change my battery quickly ( while i wait ) and inexpensively ( $ 10 ) . i appreciate that level of customer service . she showed understanding and made a very helpful recommendation . well done , macy 's .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the employees here are nice but their selection is very limited . have been here multiple times to look for shoes , casual wear , and work clothes and everytime have left disappointed and still needing to shop . macy 's is usually my go-to store for everything clothing wise but this location lacks style . i 'll pass .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this macy 's ! ! this location is located in summerlin with a ton of other shops and eateries . whenever i need a formal or classy dress for a night out on the town , i always come here . i love that whenever i come to this location there is never a huge crowd and i have plenty of room to shop without being on top of another shopper . i also love how i am able to walk to other shops around and come back to macy 's once i have looked around . this macy 's have their own garage and parking lot located across the street from the store . i also like that there is a starbuck located in this location and they also have great deals and discounts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love macy 's but every time i go to check out , the sales people are slow . this has happened on several occasions and three different departments .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this store . i 've been here multiple times and all staffs i met are wonderful and helpful . this is now my favorite store . i find more cute items here compared to forever 21 or nordstrom rack and still very budget friendly . i 'll keep shopping here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "am in vegas for a work event and needed a more formal dress than i brought . took a taxi out here from jw marriott and in less than 30 minutes had a dress and little shoulder cover jacket thing to match . low and behold on the way out the little jacket thing slipped off its hanger and got eaten by the escalator on my way out . macy 's staff was very helpful and understanding and gave me a replacement and even 10 % back for the inconvenience . great job store staff and thank you for helping me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm always amazed when i go into a department store and they do n't have a big & tall section . amazed and quite disgusted actually . as both a big and tall customer - i am used to most stores having a smaller selection , but at least they have a selection . macy 's here does not . i suppose my big and tall money is n't good here ! on to jcp i shall go and hope they have better financial business sense !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what a wonderful store the sales people there were so kind and helpful and i found everything i was looking for it 's nice to be living close to a macy 's and the shopping center its its in or mall i should say ca n't wait to explore it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well we tried to give macy 's a second chance , first they only displayed one blender or you have to buy a ninja at a couple of hundred dollars . sales associates did even ask if they could help . so we went down to the first floor walked around the handbags and fragrances and not one associate even acknowledged us . the lady in the costume jewelry department was bitting her fingernails . the only positive interaction was with the ap associates as we were walking out the door . it 's sad that these people look so miserable . we will never shop there again . it 's worth the drive to go into town and visit the macy 's at the boulevard mall , associates are more friendly and cheerful .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so clean ! much nicer than the meadow 's mall location . easy parking . good selection of women 's clothing , especially for someone short . sales and coupons make it more affordable than i anticipated . staff is friendly . only negative would be the coupons are n't always useable on each item ; it depends on the promotion and the brand .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried to apply for a macy 's card and it needed information that was stored on my dead phone ; and connor offered to let me charge it with another equally as friendly employee 's charger so i could access it . he also gave me literally every discount he could ! great staff . will be back again when i need more clothes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i circled the summerlin macy 's men 's department four times tonight looking for youth clothing for my teenage son . i was there 10-15 minutes and there were literally no sales agents on the floor the entire time . two check out desks were each five customers deep , meaning it would have been another 20 minutes to check out even if someone had helped me find what i was looking for . finally , i gave up and went to dillard 's where we were immediately greeted and assisted . i found exactly what we were looking for and made a very nice purchase . i ca n't imagine any reason to go back to macy 's with such a complete lack of customer service and with the far superior dillard 's just around the corner .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "always a pleasure shopping here , great deals with delightful customer service , bravo to linda in men 's shoes ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love it when people complain about long lines 4 days before christmas ! ! hello morons , if you do n't have time to shop then do n't . all stores will be this way , and heads up most employees will be `` seasonal '' aka brand new !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've never been one to pull out the race or `` age '' card ( which i 'm pretty sure it was more of age that dictated this ) but , i felt super offended when i was looking at couches at macy 's and not one person offered to help . there where two women chatting it up watching me sit on all the couches ... .but suddenly a women ( seemed of age i guess and of `` enough wealth '' ) showed up and all of a sudden they were all up her ass ! ! ! thanks # macys have a great day !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i recently locked myself out of my house ( do n't ask ) . i called several places on yelp to get some assistance and every business was too busy or did n't answer their phone . i then noticed the ad on yelp for the lock shop so i called hoping i would n't get the run around like the other places i called . to my surprise , a very pleasant lady answered promptly and got jeff dispatched to my house right away . even though she said he would be there in 30 minutes , he was there in less than 15 minutes . jeff was professional , friendly , and just my kind of personality that makes me want to support this business 100 % . i also received a follow-up call from taylor and a 10 % discount and thank you letter in the mail . the lock shop is great and i will definitely use them again for keys , lock outs , etc .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a strange issue with a remote i bought on ebay with one button not working , they did some investigative work and found out that my car was sold as a 2003 but is in fact effectively a 2002 so i unknowingly bought the wrong remote . they went above and beyond to help me figure out my key woes . i highly recommend these guys . oh and they also cut and programmed my key perfectly . top notch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not too friendly but quick and to the point . who needs a friendly locksmith anyways ? got the job done and that 's all that matters . will definitely come back if i ever need more help .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my son lost the key to my mailbox and i could n't find it anywhere . the lock shop sent someone out within an hour of me calling and replaced the lock on my mailbox . they were awesome ! their price was very affordable ! i will definitely call them back for my locks in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great staff . very knowledgeable . very fast service . courteous efficient staff very pleasant experience . thank you jeff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i e-mailed jeff at the lock shop , i had two dodge key with the fob attached needing to be cut and programed . jeff quoted me a very fair price for both keys to be cut and programed . the local dodge dealer wanted about 20 dollars more . jeff even gives a military discount of 10 % . jeff 's wife and daughter completed the cutting and programing of both keys within 15 minute with an out the door price that i could take my wife out to dinner with the savings . i did call one other key shop acme i think it is called wanted 2 dollars per side to cut plus the programing . they wanted more then the dodge dealer wanted . jeff is a very fair person and his family provided a great service . thank you the lock shop ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've used the lock shop twice for rekeying and deadbolt replacement and had overall positive experiences . the techs are very friendly . there was confusion with one of the techs this last visit and kathy , office manager , was super helpful and took care of us . we will definitely call them next time with any lock needs with either of our houses .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the lock shop has a customer for life . their staff is extremely friendly and helpful . they work fast and i love that they have reasonable time slots for service ! ! with most companies you 'll get an outrageous 4 hour time frame for service but the lock shop gave me an hour window and were right on time . no waiting , no jacked up unreasonable prices . you wo n't regret using them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are awesome . i took in a key fob for a 2015 hyndai sonata the young lady new her stuff . she cut the new key a programed the remote . thank you . you have earned a new customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they quoted me a 30-45 minute wait time but the locksmith arrived even sooner than that . i think it was only about 20 minutes . jody was fast & friendly and he went above & beyond just helping me with being locked out , he also helped me with a domestic issue that occurred while he was there . besides being a great locksmith , jody ended up also being a life saver . forever grateful for good people who do the right thing even when it involves a complete stranger . i would definitely recommend using this company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they were terrific ! answered the phone when i called . they were very pleasant . they arrived during the time frame they gave . they completed the work quickly ! there were no hidden charges and they made sure i was completely satisfied with everything ! i highly recommend them ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! ! ! i went to every hardware store around looking for a new lock for our community mailbox , no place had it and when i called locksmiths around this area , they all wanted 80 to 120 bucks to change a lock that i could do in 5 minutes . these guys gave me no bs and got me what i needed and on my way professionally and conveniently . will definitely come back whenever i need a new key or lock . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are awesome , came out same day to rekey all our office locks . they made us several copies and made sure they all worked . very professional family owned business and i just loved their customer service . they really go out of their way . we screwed up and my assistant left the wrong key for me and when i called at 5 am they were ready to help me out . could n't believe they answered that early so they handle emergencies . highly recommend theses guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "professional , friendly , family owned , and reasonable . the closest real locksmith with a shop store and not just a mobile service to my home in queen creek , they cut new keys for my corvette quickly and accurately .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "update : needed to have five locks rekeyed . because i had experienced great service from jeff at the lock shop this past summer , wanted to give them repeat business . dropped over to see the folks over @ the lock shop and spoke to cathy and taylor . they were able to get me scheduled the same day which was great ! jody was the tech who came over and did a great job . talk about efficient ! way to go and a big thanks jody . you all over at @ the lock shop know how to take care of your customers ! thanks kathy , taylor & jody !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "huge portions for an excellent price ! my friends got a large tray of food including meat and a bunch of side dishes . it will most definitely fill you up . i do n't think i can even finish an entire meal to be honest . i ordered a vegetarian burger called `` the v '' . it had such a unique taste . the `` patty '' was a slice of sweet pepper , and the bread was spread with a chili jam which i liked . not as large of a meal compared to what my friends got , but it was still enough for me . really neat that edinburgh has american style bbq . wish i could go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we are on vacation from the us and this place is just across the street from us so we thought we would give it a try . we were not disappointed . huge portions and sides . the pulled pork was tasty , burgers are very flavorful , but the mac and cheese was a little mushy . my friend tried the burger on a donut and loved it . the decor was nice and music was awesome ! nice job with bbq .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "is this u.s. bbq no , but that 's hard to replicate . it 's a new place and the smoker probably is n't seasoned yet . i spoke with the owner regarding the brisket and chicken . i mentioned the the smoke ring was missing . he told me that the people in the uk would think it 's raw and would be turned off by it . it 's a whole different mindset of bbq and meats in the uk by what was explained to me . the decor is very cute . support this guy who is trying to bring bbq to scotland !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am , indeed , an american that loves bbq . and it 's very obvious that the owners did their research . not just in the decor ( chicken wire , sheet metal roofing , and spray paint signs . even the music , b sides of american bands that come right from the rock band video game playlist ) , but the actual bbq is excellent . the spicy chicken nachos were fantastic , and my son declared them his favorite in the world . had a great time , only real negative was the brisket . way too much fat . not even close to a standard cut ... . almost 75 % fat . good thing the nachos were filling .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "seemed like it would be great but the food was bland unfortunately . the brisket was chewy and dry and the mac and cheese was pretty weak . the milkshakes were alright but still could have been better . overall was hoping for better - the menu promised so much but the basic flavours were disappointing . here 's hoping they step up their game - this place could be awesome but it 's currently a diamond in the rough .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the pts at tobler are very personable and knowledgeable . steve has been a huge part of my recovery process and his assistants have effectively shown me the proper way to strengthen the necessary muscles to acheive my recovery . very grateful for the positive experience and will always return to this facility in the future if physical therapy is ever needed ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "attentive and professional service . appointments are always on schedule . therapists knowledgable in appropriate exercises and massage . clean facility .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have felt improvements even after 1st visit . that i t band is a evil little thing . i am happy to say looks like i wo n't need surgery on my posterior torn meniscus after their great work . now i can get back to orange theory !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lee hunt and i had a throughout 1st consultation . at the end of the session , he gave me a painful massage . i expressed that by telling him i wish he would stop and he told he wished he had a gt mustang . needless to say , 4 days later the muscles in front of my arm pit are still bruised . i was to be seen for a tear in my rotator cuff ... now i have to find another office that is more professional .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is great . i 've been wanting to get back in shape but have n't had the motivation but i found it here . they push you and make you laugh at the same time . great family friendly atmosphere and i look forward to my training . i find myself sore in new places so i know its working . i strongly recommend checking r boxing out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are awesome . i go in the afternoon and get one on one training with leo . i 've lost twenty pounds in two months .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "r boxing is a wonderful place to get fit and learn the technique of boxing . the staff is great and they make learning boxing fun . thank you harvey , leo and randy your the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was there in october of 2013 , when they were at the dobson guadalupe location in mesa , the boot camp was great , i was a bit spoiled by the one-on-one training with randy ( congrats on your new location high five i hope it 's going great for you all there ! ) the entire staff were great , they will work with you , have fun ... and work 'ya and mean business for the intended results , more than fair . the kids who come there with their parents have a great time , too . this was the best experience i 've had with boxing gloves .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to live in the area & stopped by often . recently we stopped here on our way home from target . as alway .. it was clean , had nice employees plus a parking lot ! my go to is a chicken burrito with the add on of chips & queso + drink . i loveee qdobas queso .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "on the rare times i get into pittsburgh , i usually try to go on some sort of excursion to get food i ca n't find in greensburg . on this particular trip , i was coming in to get my car serviced around the corner , so without a vehicle , i wandered into qdoba . while i prefer the base ingredients and regular burritos at chipotle , qdoba has one ingredient chipotle does not : queso . and their queso is delicious . other than that , i ca n't get too excited about it , although i do appreciate that guacamole is `` free '' now , and that they offer whole wheat tortillas so i can pretend my queso burrito is healthy . i like their pork , but i 'm not the biggest fan of their rice or fajita veggies . not the best , fanciest , or most authentic burrito around , but the store was clean , the employees were friendly and fast , and i got my fill of cheesy calorie-bomb deliciousness while my mini was in the shop , so overall i 'll give them an `` a-ok . ''", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first , qdoba is delicious . second , this particular location has free parking which is odd for a place in the city . so it gets half the stars just for that . the qdoba in oakland has zero parking . third , it 's right next to a chipotle in case you change your mind between parking and ordering . finally qdoba has quesso , it 's delicious and the only reason i go . we can all agree that both chipotle and qdoba are magnificent and we do n't need all this hate and vitriol in the burrito eating community . burritos come from a place of love .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as far as quick , easy food goes , qdoba gets it right . the general concept is subway 's build your own sandwich , but with mexican food . they have the right balance of healthy food options , quick service , and savory flavors . the overall concept is similar to chipotle , which is right next door . what sets qdoba apart for me is their queso , which now comes in 6 flavors , and which chipotle does not have . also of note , this location offers the coca-cola flavor shot machine allowing you to make your own flavors of soda . upmc employee 's get a 99 cent drink . all toppings are now included in the price , allowing you to get things like queso and guacamole at no extra cost . there is plenty of seating , both indoors and outdoors .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "typical qdoba location , set up is almost exactly the same as other location . what set this one apart from the other locations is that it was able to handle the influx flow of customers that seemed to form a line to the door . they worked efficiently to make the food as fast as they could . the guy in the kitchen area was what really made them go so fast . it was like he knew what was going to be going out soon and had it sitting there waiting for them when they were about to turn around . the lady at the head of the line made it a smooth process too . she had everything set up and was on to the next person . one of the major things that i do n't like is that it seems that the portion sizes have gone down since my last endeavor to a qdoba . i got a naked burrito and the bowl it was in seems to have shrunk . i was still kind of hungry afterwards .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i dunno - yes it 's fast food - but at the top of my favorite fast food restaurants . that 's not saying much though , since i tend to hate fast food . my favorite part mostly is that there is nutritional information online about their menu items , so i know i can go in and get something yummy and also know i 'm not doing too much harm . and a few of their things - primarily the naked veggie burrito and the mexican gumbo are really good and also not too bad for you . as long as you do n't add too much cheese and sour cream , of course . but anyhow ... the give free drinks to students with ids and their food is decent . i ca n't complain .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "2 words taco tuesday ! this is n't advertised that well and who could blame them when i walked in and ordered 7 different soft tacos with chips , salsa and guacamole for $ 13 . every tuesday , all day long , qdoba offers $ 1.39 tacos . you can get hard or soft sell and any kind of meat except steak . i recommend the chicken . their salsas are always fresh and the guacamole is delicious . the staff was friendly and they are quick with your order . if you want a quick , cheap and tasty take-out place this is the place to go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty good for quick mexican food . the chicken quesadilla is pretty good too . normally this place is fine , but there 's one female employee who always has an attitude . i say `` thank you '' and she scowls . she also jips you on chicken . she does n't even give half a scoop of it for each taco , whereas all the other employees give at least a scoop . she clearly needs midol . other than that occasional issue , it 's a good stop for a quick mexican food craving .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chain restaurant with many locations that has been around long before places like chipotle . this location is always clean with friendly workers . my constant is the taco salad and i love having it packed with so many veggies including corn .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's very similar to chipotle but with more choices , but for the things chipotle has , i prefer chipotle . the flavor of their rice , beans , chicken , and salsa are just better . if you 're going traditional , go chipotle . also , chipotle does n't advertise a quesadilla , but if you ask for one , they will make it for you . however , i 'm a sucker for cheese sauce . i like to dip my cheese sauce in cheese sauce . so since qdoba has cheese sauce , they do gain a few points . you can get said cheese sauce on anything which makes me happy . i do like qdoba nachos -- mmmmm cheese sauce .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was n't bad , but it was n't anything spectacular either . to be honest , i prefer the chipotle restaurant next door .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you are expecting chipotle , go find a chipotle . this has a mcdonald 's feel , and is dirty . i got a burrito the shell came right out of the plastic package cold ... cold cold cold , everything was cold ... way more expensive than chipotle and 20 % the quality . i am shocked that this place is compared to them . i came in here because i was thinking about buying jack n the box stock ... greatly regret not going to chipotle next door .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love it here ! the only qdoba i end up visiting just because i like the people who work here so much ! the food is always consistently good and the service is always quick . i love their craft 2 option ! no complaints .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are some serious management problems at this qdoba . i live nearby and go here often , but only because i prefer it to the chipotle next door and get a free drink as a college student . the line will get very long and the staff takes forever compared to chipotle . also , i went in once and the person at the counter said nothing the entire time and instead awkwardly pointed at things . the place is always not as clean or put together as chipotle and i think this particular store suffers because of it . the line for chipotle is always out the door while here it slows down so much that people leave . please , hire at least 2 or more people for the rush times !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came by to sample the food , but impressed with what they did with the decor . this new bar looks interesting , and will write a more detailed review in the coming weeks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this new spot ! very small , intimate interior with great food . go in tues-friday from 5pm to 7pm for their $ 5 at 5 deals . great oysters and mussels at reasonable prices and mill street beer on tap . gluten-free friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far the worst service i have ever received . took 20 min to get 2 drinks . the service was horrible . food was sitting out for 10 minutes before being served . front end service was terrible ! ! ! ! heard the manager complain to another employee about a customer . the bartender stopped making my drink to attend to another customer who was waiting for water for about 20 minutes ! ! ! if you value your time stay clear from this place ! stay far far far away from this place ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went back to roux to take friends who never tried their chicken and waffles which are delicious . apps came very quick and quite the abundance only if you order the items that are on the slab . otherwise i have found that their apps are quite small to share : ( the main course came and did not fail delicious and quite the abundance of food drinks are extremely overpriced and very water downed . i ordered a cocktail that cost 11 and literally came in a shot glass was very disappointed with the drinks last night . it was n't just mine it was for the rest of my guests . all of us got water downed drinks and in very small glasses .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just do n't . seriously . do n't . but , really . do n't . service was sub-par , and that 's being generous . \u200d\u200d\u200d", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went to roux for new years eve , where they had a four course prix-fixe menu for the dinner service . for the mains , my wife had a potato cannelloni and i had beef tenderloin with crab fritter . both were excellent . despite the place being completely full , the kitchen seemed completely in control , and the wait staff were very attentive . we have visited his neighbourhood eatery many times , and particularly enjoy their `` happy hour '' menu where they have drinks and dishes available for $ 5 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were looking forward to patronizing roux , hoping it would be our new local go-to . not off to a great start as the table service was very slow : 20 minutes to get our drinks , 40 minutes for food and 45 minutes for cutlery to eat said food . we had heard their chicken and waffles were good , and were excited to give them a try . sadly , the waffles were over-cooked ; the chicken had broken bones and no meat , just gristle . the cheddar grits were under cooked and the apple and cashew salad had no cashews and the apple was mushy and flavorless.. as a final insult , the chicken and waffles , which were left untouched , remained on the bill . overall a disappointing brunch experience , we certainly wo n't be returning for any of their meal services .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "interesting fresh take on southern french food . great service and cocktails . have visited 5+ times . beautiful ambiance , delicious small meals and perfect for a date or out for a casual lunch . lively but moody . a must visit . oyster bar is a must see .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you always here about how tough the restaurant industry is . at least 1 3 make it and there are many reasons why they fail ... this place fails for all the right reasons . ambiance - fail . food quality - fail . say no more !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great brunch and the staff were very friendly . i really enjoyed the cornbread that came with breakfast . also the coffee is great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "brisket hash for brunch ! new name and new industrial decor . same great brunch ! my favorite breakfast in the city . will have to go back and try out the new oyster menu . keep up the great work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to roux twice now , and can say quite confidently that i have enjoyed the oysters , food and beverages both times . my most recent venture there was for brunch . i had the eggs and brisket hash , and my sister had the frittata . both meals were beautifully prepared , arrived quickly , and were consumed to an embarrassingly plate-licking degree : ) my previous experience there for dinner was in a group with a vegan who had additional dietary restrictions . seeing predominantly meat-based offerings , and feeling sentenced to ordering yet another restaurant salad , he inquired with our server as to whether his particular limitations could be accommodated . the chef made him a custom vegan plate ( not on the menu ) that featured 10 different types of vegetables , all prepared in unique and deliciously-spiced ways , and only charged $ 14 for it ! beyond this , the cocktail list is short but well-curated , and the overall pricing for the food and beverages is quite reasonable ( it 's cheaper than indie ale house , that 's for sure ! ) i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped into roux for the first time last night for a snack and was really disappointed . had the `` roux platter '' that consisted of dry rubbed ribs , smoked chicken and andouille sausage . everything tasted like smoke and dryness and nothing , if that makes sense . you 'd get it if you had the dish - but i would n't recommend it . all i wanted to eat was the mashed potato side but there was zero seasoning in those too - not a damn grain of salt to be found . and i 'm the kind of person who complains is probably too sensitive about over-salted dishes . unfortunate ; was really looking forward to trying this place since moving into the area . will give them one more shot for the fried chicken and hope this was just an off night .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we 've eaten here maybe 10 times now . great brunch and try the oysters when they have them . most dished are done with a cajun flair . definitely a top notch neighbourhood restaurant . highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in for some oysters and clam chowder with a couple friends , service and atmosphere were great , prices were reasonable especially considering the quality of food . will definitely come back next time i 'm in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had a fantastic brunch at roux ! ! awesome decor and friendly causal service ! so many great options on the menu will be back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great , yummy , sublime , top of the line food . nice quaint space with nice touches . definitely a must go if visiting toronto .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you can tell food is prepared with the best and freshest ingredients ! great atmosphere , interesting menu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "firstly i have no idea how a restaurant named roux does n't appear to use roux to construct its gumbo . they could , in fact , but if so it 's so uncharacteristically thin , i would not call it gumbo . in addition to a very material amount of the volume of the gumbo consisting of inedible bone , it was one of the blandest soups i 've had in my life and i 'm including campbell soup cans . i did not grow up pampered , so i 'm not fancy . but oh , boy . the gumbo i made on my first attempt was at least 3x better . i truly did n't want to finish it , but i had no other food in the house and had little food all day . the collard greens were again bland and over-salted and under-cooked . roux killed the baby jesus . 0 stars for food , but 3 stars for very friendly , lively , attentive and competent staff . not sure about the other reviews but the people i talked to on my delivery order were a pleasure to talk to .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have had brunch there twice and ate every morsel on my plate both times . this last weekend i had the pulled pork eggs bennie ... ridiculously delicious . when our server came to ask how we were doing , i was speechless , in a state of bliss eating my unbelievably yummy meal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love the brunch here , have n't tried dinner yet but am very interested . staff are friendly and food is delicious . try the pulled pork eggs benny or brisket hash and eggs and you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seeing the other reviews on here are very surprising to me . i 've been to roux five times now , twice for dinner , three times for lunch . meals have taken a reasonable amount of time , no longer than one should expect a meal to take . staff has been very attentive . and the food has been excellent . delicious , very rich , and always juicy . i 've had an excellent boston blue fish n chips , as well as their pan fried catfish . and their brunch hash is absolutely amazing , very flavourful , loaded with coriander and cooked perfectly . i honestly have yet to have a bad experience here . the one thing that was n't to my taste was their bran waffles with their fried chicken , but boy was the chicken delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the decor is outstanding . the bourbon sour tasted like it had a coconut base . not very appealing . the $ 5.00 at 5 appetizers were okay . not great . the sevice was so inattentive that we decided not to order main courses and went to another restaurant for dinner . i really was hoping for a better experience . roux is kind of expensive too .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "four of us went for saturday brunch . service was extraordinarily slow - particularly when you consider that it seats about 20 and three were cooking ( 45 - 60 min ) . great food would have been a good compensation . this was not the case . it was just ok . i had chicken and waffles . waffles were hard and small . why skimp on waffles ? chicken was a partially deboned wing and a small leg . nothing else on the plate . flavour was passible . left hungry - after brunch ? the others fared a bit better saying their meals were - ok to good . in ordering , a special request was completely missed . replacement meal was , however , prepared quickly . honestly , the best thing was the ambiance . i will not return .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i checked this pace out before it got renovated and their food was awesome . after renos , place looks great and everything tastes delicious . only thing is , service can be a bit better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the decor , the music , and the oyster bar ! friendly staff , amazing chef and really good food . my favourite is the junction burger made fresh as well as the brunch options .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "made a reservation here a couple of weeks ago for two people . my friend really wanted to join so we thought we could go and wait for a table to open for 3 . we would have been open to waiting as the menu looked great . however , the server who was working that night did n't even give us that option . she simply turned to us and said `` yeah that 's not going to work . '' no apologies or anything , not even an offer for us to wait around for a while . we were really upset by this and asked where else in the area we could go , she answered `` no idea '' and walked away . we ended up going to indie ale house and had a phenomenal experience . it was packed with a line up but we were given the option to wait ! what a difference good service can make .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "here for brunch a couple weekends ago . having worked in the restaurant industry for years , i can tell right off the bat when a restaurant is set up badly for the servers . this is one of them . mind you , they were trying . atleast one of them . our server who seemed to be newer did a great job with us-the other larger woman stood behind the counter talking loudly while ours was running around . our server was unable to answer some of our questions about the food . this place has a kitchen that allows you to look right in- reassuring to see the cooks making our dishes with care . the food was outstanding which is what will bring us back in the end . highly recommend the chicken and waffles .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there than expected ! eggs benny surprisingly light with an interesting hollandaise sauce that was really good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "celebrated my sons birthday here , food and service was excellent . jambalaya , flat iron steak and yardbird with waffles all superb . started things off with oysters , and southern trio was also great . definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times , when it was the junction eatery and roux . derrick is a master in the kitchen and i 've never been disappointed in any meal there . if you 're there for brunch , get the waffles . you will not be disappointed ! and his huevos rancheros ? so much better than cool hand of a girl 's .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did n't feel like this place lived up to the expectations . i was more excited to come here but was let down . it took them too long to serve us our apps and mains . our apps took about half an hour while our mains took about an hour to come . people came in , ate and left before we even got our food . the food itself was okay . i ordered the fried chicken and waffles - the chicken was way too fatty and the waffles just tasted , odd . let 's just say i 've had better southern food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my mother and i had a great brunch here the other weekend and will definitely be coming back for more ! great price point compared to toronto standards , the service was friendly and not pushy in any way and , more importantly , the food was exactly what you 'd hope for when you come in hungry for brunch . the chicken and waffles was especially worth eating again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well pretty average southern fare here , backed up with high prices , not a great combo . fresh oysters were great , but that only require proper refrigeration . the colossus caesar with a sausage and fritter on top was a bit a of showstopper , but sadly the fritter was underseasoned and not quite cooked through . fried chicken was crunchy , but again underseasoned and just cooked . dishes have hope here , but simple mistakes with seasoning and rushed cooking are not really acceptable at these prices . we found services was average , despite other review . i 'm guessing the owner has taken his eye off the kitchen and it shows . 3 stars as this fare is not common in toronto . in the south this place would get 2 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food took well over an hour to arrive - were told that it would be a delay because so busy . were brought some white bread slices ( wonder bread ) with oil and vinegar 45 mins in . portions were tiny ( 2 small pieces of candied pecans in kale salad ) , 2 tablespoons of creme brule for desert , about 3 tablespoons of rice with the jambalaya .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fab food and great vibes definitely going to try the brinch . we were lucky enough to find a table as we went early the place filled up so next time will make reservations", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the last time i went to this dentist , not a single person was the same -- new hygienists , new dentist , new everyone . it was kind of weird . was there a hostile takeover ? some shift in the dental balance of power ? i do n't know . what i do know is that this place seems shady now . i ca n't put my finger on it , except that i felt like they were n't being honest about what work we really needed done . they were telling my husband that his teeth were so bad that he would need to start coming in for deep cleanings ( which cost hundreds of dollars each , natch ) . we went to a new dentist , who told us the hub 's teeth are fine .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lots of bells and whistles , not all necessary . all the x-rays and photos of my teeth took forever and were torture . my cleaning was pretty painful . they were very careful and sweet w my son . i do n't feel what they prescribed was necessary . my husband had a horrible experience w them so we wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the first dentist in my 40 year life , i actually felt comfortable at . also for the first time , i scheduled my next cleaning right after i was done . yeah ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my daughter in for a check up . it was the first time my family had ever used this office . barb was great with my daughter who is 8 and very anxious in any medical office . for not being specifically a pediatric dental practice top notch : ) everyone was friendly and thorough . they have the latest technology using a laser to numb the tooth to prepare it for filling . this means that adults and children who do n't like needles have another option . communicated and described procedures . prices were presented in an easy to understand format . overall would recommend this practice . they take intel dental insurance if you are a new worker to the area . excellent rating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "keri is one of the best hygienist i have found living in az . she is very thorough , friendly & courteous . this office is very high tech & cleanliness is a bonus . i would recommend getting your teeth cleaned here and the location is very easy to find .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently i went to imagine dental for a broken tooth . when i called to make an appointment they scheduled me the very next day . after my exam and x-rays dr.spurling said i need a build up and crown . dr.spurling said he 'd be able to take an impression of my tooth and prepare it for the crown so i would n't be in any discomfort over the weekend . awesome ! i told dr. spurling that that was the best novacane shot i 've ever had . by the way dr. spurling is a gental friendly knowledge dentist . his dermal assistant was wonderful and sandy and mary ann were very friendly and informative . i 'm hoping others that are looking for a excellent dentist and overall experience they will see imagine dental : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "going to the dentist is my least favorite thing to do so i was pleasantly surprised . the doctor was unhurried as he explained in detail my treatment plan . he answered all of my questions , was very professional and relaxed which made me feel less tense . the hygienist keri was kind and gentle . i plan to tell all my family and friends about this friendly place . as far as going to the dentist goes , this was a positive experience ! rosalee c .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just went hear today ! both summer and hygienist were super friendly , helpful , professional . quick to show you the break down of payments , quick to assess your teeth and gum health . i had gone for a cleaning but will go back for that , i had a need for removing of bacteria around the gums and not only was the operation done swiftly but it was explained very well so i knew what was happening every step of the way . i look forward to my cleaning , and to walk into one of the most state of the art , and clean offices i 've seen . i would highly recommend imagine dental to everyone and anyone who is in need of some dental services !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i need quite a bit of work done to my teeth and i 'm so glad that i found this place ! everyone from the front desk to the chair is friendly and professional . i am finally carrying through with my treatment because i feel so comfortable at this office . before i always felt like results of my dental exams were none of my business and the dentist took my x-rays to some back room to conspire against me . not here , dr. spurling was very transparent about my treatment and took the time to go over the x-rays with me , detailing each needed procedure . the office is always helpful in scheduling appointments and maximizing my insurance benefits . as mentioned by other reviewers , keri is an awesome hygienist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly staff and dentist . i got checked in and had x-rays done by the assistant , then got a cleaning . during my exam dr. to gave me great tips on where to brush more to avoid build up in certain areas . i realized i 've been brushing incorrectly my entire life ! happy and no pain . i will be back in 6 months !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the most gentle and meticulous dentists for adults in the east valley ! : ) i have been so happy with dr. kent spurling 's work because he takes his time to make sure that things are perfect , he is super gentle in his work and he uses state of the art technology to discover what is going on inside my mouth . i have been nothing but happy with my visits with him and even though he is quite a drive away , the miles are worth it for such a positive dental experience . i 'm probably the world 's biggest chicken when it comes to dental work , but he always puts me at ease . i recommend him to all of my friends and family because i believe in his work that much . make an appointment with him -- you wo n't regret it ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very professional and welcoming atmosphere . this location is up to date on all of the technology and they make you feel comfortable . the office is nice as well as the staff . will be returning to this location to fix my smile ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was almost turned away by the negative reviews for this dentist , but i had a great experience ! i have not been to the dentist in over 5 years , so i was really nervous about going . sandy , the receptionist , was very sweet and helpful , and i was able to get an appointment within a couple of days . since i was a new patient , i had to have an exam and x-ray done first , and then i was able to schedule the cleaning for a few days later . when i arrived , the office was clean and comfortable , and the staff were very friendly and immediately put me at ease . i really appreciated how dr. spurling explained the procedures beforehand and discussed pricing in a way that was easy to understand . i have insurance , so everything was covered except for a $ 5 copay for each visit and an additional $ 5 for the cleaning . i was really impressed with the staff and the services i received , and i will definitely recommend this dentistry to others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was my first time at this office today , they were so friendly and knowledgeable . answered all my questions thoroughly , this will be my new dentist ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughters enjoyed their first visit here . the staff are very welcoming and friendly . i think we found our new dentist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to several different dental offices over the years and never found one i liked all that much . i tried out imagine dental a couple of years ago and i am so glad i did ! they are the dental office i 've been looking for that i did n't think existed . the office staff is helpful and friendly , i absolutely adore keri ( the dental hygienist ) and dr. foreman is awesome . i feel comfortable and cared for there and actually enjoy my visit rather than dread it . and most importantly , my teeth look better than they ever have ! thanks imagine dental ! i would recommend you to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first visit to the office and everyone was very helpful and welcoming . explained all technical terms and insurance information in detail . would definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to imagine dental since i moved to phoenix two years ago . keri is an awesome hygienist who custom tailored a maintenance program for me . the offices and facilities are first rate and expertise unmatched . summer ensures that billing is always detailed and correct . in my 30 years of braces , oral surgery and cleanings , this place has been the most comforting , professional and dare i say ; almost enjoyable . mike", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was lucky enough to have this food truck stop by my workplace in scarborough a little while back , and man was i thrilled ! my coworkers and i ran out like schoolchildren racing each other and tripping over our feet until we reached the line ! looking at the menu it was a fairly quick decision in terms of what i would order : the ossobuco gnocchi poutine with braised veal . truthfully speaking i did n't even realize that gnocchi could be fried ! but then again almost anything that 's fried tastes amazing , and this was certainly no exception . the gnocchi had a beautifully crisp exterior and soft doughy center . the cheese curds provided a nice level of saltiness and the veal simply melted in your mouth requiring your jaws to do very little chomping . most indubitably 5 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the italian gnocchi poutine . fried gnocchi with tomato sauce and cheese curds , was excellent . next time want to try the ossobuco gnocchi poutine with braised veal , looks great ! for a food truck they have an interesting menu . other items include italian potato hash , stuffed meatballs and bocconcini-stuffed , crispy fried rice ball .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i went with the ossobuco gnocchi poutine . being italian , i did n't know what to expect from it . can you deep fry gnocchi ? yes , yes you can . the crispy gnocchi were coated in cheese curds and smothered in braised veal . what a combination . the gnocchi were not heavy , like others i 've tried . they were lighter and absolutely deep fry-able . the veal melted in your mouth . instead of gravy the jus from the veal did the trick . if you told me i 'd be eating a gnocchi poutine last week , i would 've said you were crazy . apparently the arancini is to die for . at least i know what i 'm getting next time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we booked this food truck for our wedding and it was such a hit ! our guests loved the experience and could not stop talking about the gnocchi poutine and the other delicious options . we were a little nervous about the speed of service since we had 160 guests but the food was served hot , fast and fresh ! they were also very easy to book- super accommodating and quick to respond to any concerns . also very reassuring that everything would turn and great and it sure did ! would definitely recommending eating here but also booking for any kind of fun event !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the gnocci poutine and my god was it ever amazing ! the truck was at the food truck festival at woodbine park in toronto . i wanted to try everything they had but i was too full ! might go back tomorrow just to have this again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in the mood for a vegan pizza and i wanted to eat clean . so even though i could go to pizza nova , i felt like trying something different . i 've passed this place on multiple times , but it was always packed , however i went early today . i ordered the regular crust with spinach , mushrooms , roasted red peppers , mushrooms and onions . i did like the taste of the pizza and all the toppings were fresh as well , which is quite the benefit . the pizza took less than 5 minutes , so speedy service indeed . however , why i am only giving it 3 stars ? well they had no vegan cheese or vegan protein to choose from . if they did , i 'd probably give it 4 stars . verdict : i think if you want a vegan pizza , it 's okay , but if you want a pizza with meat , they are probably a good choice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "choose base , sauce , cheese and toppings- anything and everything ! fresh a d flavourful ! this make your own pizza salad place is located next to bay station and is a good for a pick up or a quick meal . they have seating space for around 10-12 people . the handmade pizza base are thin and you can choose from regular to gluten free . you get to choose from san marzano , spicy tomato sauce and pesto . you can choose to mix them too ! wild eh ? and any number of toppings and combinations ! go crazy and experiment ! no one is judging ! the salads were pretty standard but again you can choose the ingredients and dressings . loved the pizzas !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pizza would have been great if the crust was n't so burnt on the bottom . i 'm all for flavour , but 80 % of my crust under the pizza was black ( see photo of my rejected crusts ) . the outer edges of the pizza definitely tasted bitter . the `` top '' of the pizza was really delicious , if only the bottom was as well . not sure if i would come back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "used the grabb mobile app to order this pizza in advance . when i arrived 10 minutes later , my pizza was waiting for me on the counter . i walk by this place daily during my commute home ( it 's right beside the bay subway entrance ) and it does n't seem too busy in the evening hours , although i imagine it gets busy at lunch . the margherita pizza was quite good - thin with a medium crust that was the right mix of chewy and crispy . the mozzarella cheese tasted very fresh and of high quality , as did the basil , sauce and dough . the pizza is a good size for lunch and even for a light dinner . at $ 9 the margherita is also reasonably priced . i would go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm really impressed with this place ! unlimited toppings for $ 13 . and it 's a pretty large pizza - i was definitely full by the end of it all . you can also get a side salad with unlimited toppings for $ 6 . can i get a yes ! ! ! ! the reason i did n't give pi co five stars is because the service was n't the best . the staff did not seem too happy to be there that night but hey we all have bad days right ? give this place a try : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no complaints here - this is good as it gets in the city ! if you love thin crust pizza , then look no further ! anywhere you order a pizza , you get to create your own . but what made pi co different was that you get to see them craft it right in front of you . the fresh ingredients were definitely a plus , not to mention the variety of things they had . the staff were super patient and friendly , price point was right , wait for the food was not long at all - definitely coming back to this place the next time i 'm craving a good neapolitan pizza . i strongly recommend the margarita ( adding other ingredients is like the cherry on top ) and the nutella banana pi - simple , but sooo delicious . oh , ca n't forget their dipping sauce and chilli oil .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "working at yonge and bloor just got a whole lot better now that this place is around as a lunch option ! there 's almost always a lineup during peak lunch hours , but it was worth the wait . you can either order a $ 9 margherita pizza , or a custom pizza for $ 13 with unlimited toppings . this one is a no-brainer for me - unlimited toppings is the way to go . the amount of toppings you can choose from is impressive . different sauces , cheeses , veggies and meats . the variety means you can load up your personal pizza however you want it . i have n't tried it yet , but pi co also offers dessert pizza options - i 'll be back one day to see what the smore pizza is all about !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried their margherita pizza on their free pizza day and it was actually very good . considering they were churning out pizzas at a torrid pace , the quality and taste of the pizza was excellent . the flavour was on point . it seems like they make thin crust pizzas that are baked on a stone oven to perfection . i can only imagine how good their pizza would be on a regular day . my first impression : good stuff . taking a look at the rest of the menu , it looked like they offer pizza at a set price of $ 13 with any toppings you want ( not sure if there is a limit ) . they also seemed to be offering `` dessert '' pizzas at a $ 6 clip . i 'd definitely be inclined to come back to try these out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rude lady . trying to order was impossible as she walked around carrying order sheets and turned her back to us . i had to leave because of her ignorance", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the pizza here ! it 's a very good sized personal pizza , and it always tastes fresh and delicious . i use the ritual app so i do n't have to wait in the lunch line ups . i ordered the pizza dough once and regretted it , it was basically just barely flavoured pizza crust . do n't get me wrong i love pizza crust , but it was n't anything special , so you might as well fill up on actual pizza . i might give them the benefit of the doubt that they had recently opened when i ordered them , but probably wo n't make the same mistake again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "discovered this place walking around the neighbourhood and it has become one of my go-to pizza places ever since . they offer fresh , custom-made pizzas in a casual setting . i mostly order take-out as the restaurant itself is quite small . for $ 13 , you can order a custom pizza with unlimited toppings that is cooked in 5 minutes or less . one of the things i love about this place is the variety and quality of toppings . and , if you 're a cheese lover like me , they have 9 different kinds of cheese to choose from ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "swung by to get take-out for lunch . good custom-made pizzas ready in two minutes . no complaints there . but i do have an issue . i noticed they do n't have a recycle box to throw used drink containers into . c'mon people - it 's 2016 . even if you do n't care about the environment , please allow those of us that do the means to do our part . a recycle box please .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice place on bay & bloor ! the pizzas were pretty good and delivered an authentic wood-fired experience . i ordered a custom pizza with olives , basil , pepperoni , bacon , and sopressa ( unlimited toppings for $ 13 ! ! ! ) . it was nice to see all the possible fresh toppings right in front of me . giving it 4 5 stars because there was not much seating , the environment was not as comfortable as a restaurant , and there are better pizzas out there ! it`s good for the price though . i would definitely come back ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice modern spot . open clean environment . straight forward menu with a hand full of items , priced well . tried the margherita pizza , gets the job done . no skimpy toppings , fresh cheese , good crust . has the stone baked italian pizza taste . overall order time was quick , would say around 5 minutes . the pizza came out of the oven with the cheese bubbling and crust puffed up . added chili flakes , good stuff . would go again and recommend if your into this style of pizza .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant is total butts . most disappointing za ever . my mouth only tastes like burnt following this disaster", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the price is right , the taste is on point and the topping selection is decent . it 's a fairly good alternative for a quick pizza lunch if you do n't have time to sit at nervosa . they seem a little disorganized with taking orders but that could be because they are the new kids in town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my colleague was raving about the food here so we decided to trek in the rain to go try . i 'm glad i went . even though there was a line-up , service is very quick . great taste , fresh and price . it 's mostly a takeout place but there are a few tables on the side for people choosing to eat there . food : had the thin-crust , fresh , delicious pizza with unlimited toppings . i love the craft your own option . lots of fresh toppings to choose from . besides the craft your own pizza , they also had a craft your own salad option that my friend chose which she liked a lot . overall , i 'll definitely be back to try the salad too and more pizzas . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "to start off , the pizza is delicious . my friend and i ordered two of the custom pizzas . i would return for the pizza again ... however , the gentleman behind the counter was very unpleasant . he made us feel like we were wasting his time . if he did n't already start preparing the pizzas we would have just left . had it not been for the terrible service i would have gave pi co a 5 star for sure . terrible staff can ruin an experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pizza was a tiny bit burnt but still pretty good , place has a sleek modern look . around $ 10 for a small pizza or something ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is very misleading for them to call their pizza crust `` gluten free '' . my husband ( who has celiac ) , ordered a pizza from them , relaying instructions about a separate cooking surface , changing gloves , etc . no restaurant can guarantee no cross-contamination , but most that advertise gf options are willing to make a good faith effort to vastly reduce chances of cross-contamination . they removed his gf pizza with the communal paddle and placed it on a flour covered surface . he explained the issue , and how he could n't eat that pizza , and they said they could n't guarantee no cross-contamination . my husband said he understood , but with some simple practices , they could make a good faith effort to avoid it , and they refused to try , re-make the pizza or anything . he eventually spoke to the manager , who reiterated the same message . my husband had the leave the pizza behind ( which he 'd already paid for ) . disappointing and definitely not celiac-friendly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here the other day to grab a quick lunch with a friend . we both got the margherita pizza , their standard with basil , tomato sauce and mozzarella . i definitely like the vibe of this place , staff were friendly and efficient . everything is freshly made and you watch them as they p bake your pizza in an oven . my pizza was a bit burnt , but otherwise very tasty ! i liked the texture of the dough and the thinness of the main part of the pizza , while the crust was fluffy and airy ! definitely plan to come back when i have a pizza craving . roughly $ 12 for a personal sized pizza and a drink .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in here last weekend for a post-pub bite to eat . ordered the $ 13 personal pizza with unlimited toppings . they have some solid toppings choices , along with various types of dough , sauce , and cheese . pizza took about five minutes to cook and was actually quite nice . thin crust style . a bit pricey than maybe i 'd like but i enjoyed it . i believe the plain pizza was much more reasonably priced , to be fair . would stop in here again", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bit pricey when adding a couple of soft drinks but it 's real quick and fresh . shockingly fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm all for unlimited toppings for a mere $ 13 but when the dough is chewy and stale , it 's a bit hard to enjoy . the bottom of the pizza was all burnt and so burnt to the point where the charcoal would get off on my fingers so that 's a no for me on the food . for someone who admires customer service , i love leaving a place with a warming interaction that made me smile . this place was awful on the customer service , from beginning to end sadly : ( when i walk in , i get no greeting and is standing randomly in a spot , not knowing where to go until i find the sign that says order here . thanks . so when i go to the right spot , the worker does n't greet me , offer a smile , or even look at me until i say hello . would n't eat here again unless someone else was paying ! : (", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a fast food style pizza joint but damn is it good ! $ 13 for a decently sized personal pizza with a sauce , a cheese , and unlimited additional toppings ? get outta here . the toppings choices are vast and great and the dough is so good , thin and crispy in some parts thick and chewy in others , perfection . i actually ca n't wait to go back here and try a dessert pizza !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place does n't have the best pizza , but it definitely has the best fast wood fired oven in the city . either in person or through uber eats , you will get this pie fast and it wo n't disappoint . with unlimited toppings for $ 13 , you will be sure to get a loaded thin crust pizza for what seems like a bargain . pie co has definitely become a regular spot and can not wait until the yonge & eglington location opens up across the street from my work .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome place you can get unlimited topping individual sized italian pizza - thin pizza with slightly puffed up crust . i really liked the dough ( not sloppy and not chewy - has great bite to it ) and that they had good variety of toppings . was happy they had real mozzarella , basil , sopressata , jalapeno , etc . the pizza goes into the wood fired oven , cooks for a bit , and comes out amazing . this place , wood-fired oven and texture of the dough reminded me of roberta 's in urban space location in nyc . and i love roberta 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place is nice and clean , the food is so-so . on the surface it seems decent that your pizza is assembled on the spot and cooked , but it does n't come out as well as i hoped . the pizza has some charred spots on top and lots of carbon on the bottom , which is bitter and probably not edible . almost all other pizza i ate - even from bottom-of-the-barrel fast food places - are cooked evenly and not burnt . on top of that , the price is relatively expensive for not so much food or toppings .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this review is for yonge and eglinton location ... terrible service at this location , their closing time is at 10pm but @ 8:45 they say they will be closing early today since they run out of pizza dough ... ummm what ? ! ? !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here for dinner on a saturday night , great venue place looks clean and oraganized , staff are welcoming , the consept of this place is basically create your own pizza for $ 13 , ( unlimited toppings ) i really like this idea . now the only reason why i 'm giving this place a 3 stars is because the size of the pizza was very small , i really liked the pizza in my opinion was really good well cooked toppings where on point , it 's just that fact that if your hungry 1 pizza will not be enough . theres something missing in this place to make it the best ! ! they do have to work on a couple of things ... but eh if you have the munchies try it out it 's delicious ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had the margherita pizza for lunch today and it was good . went there as it was convenient to where i work . the crust was thin and chewy , good sauce and cheese . i would n't say it was the best i had but it was good . they have an option of doing unlimited toppings but at every pizza place i always try to get the margherita pizza the first time i go . if they can pull off a good margherita , then they can pull off other pizzas . it was around $ 12 for the pizza and a drink . the place is a bit small , so best to go before or after lunch hour if you want to eat in . i am sure they do a ton of takeout business . so verdict - very good and if i crave pizza for lunch while i am at work , i will go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unlimited toppings ? oh hell yes ! ! my salad was so amazing ( obviously since i curated it ) ! pi co has so many amazing topping choices for your pizza salad . i 've had the wonderful pleasure of having tried both . try going after the lunch rush ( after 1pm ) . i did feel a bit rushed to make my decision on toppings , which is n't fun because there is so many flavour combinations to consider ! ! but seriously though , getting your custom made pizza in under 5mins ? nothing can really beat that ! great job pi co ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after mexican food pizza is # 2 on my list of favs so im very hard on pizza places . with this new pizza shop being right around the corner from my favourite h & m on bloor i just had to try it . this is the best fast service pizza ive had in a long time ! ! ! the unlimited toppings , the thin crust is thin and perfectly chewy ; just writing about it makes me want to go there now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great pizza . in my opinion pi co , famoso and via mercanti are all tied for the best pizza in toronto . pi co is probably the best priced out of the three . love coming here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "moves relatively quickly , personally if i saw more than 1 2 a dozen people inside i 'd avoid , otherwise the oven is hot and quick ! the location is fantastic , right before the bay subway entrance . i like the idea ( make your own pizza essentially and somewhat quickly ) . they need to better organize the entrance , there is a sign that is backwards ( the staff get to see it ) , that reads order here , most will assume to go to the cash . would return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in terms of quick but quality wood oven pizza , this is the best . i 'd also highly recommend their build your own salad ! i order from here through uber eats take out the most because there is n't much seating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "meine schwester ( die hier keinen account hat ) war dort sehr zufrieden . sie hatte lange nach einem guten therapeuten f\u00fcr ihren sohn gesucht und fand erst dort die richtige hilfe . dabei mu\u00dfte sie nichtmal lange auf einen passeenden termin warten . fachwissen und engagement waren hervorragend . das kann ich berichten , weil ich meinen neffen oft gebracht habe und auch in die sehr informativen elterngespr\u00e4che eingebunden war .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mir ging es nach meinem schlaganfall vor einem knappen jahr sehr schlecht . nach meiner reha verordnete mir mein hausarzt u.a . weiterhin ergotherapie . die therapeutin hat mich zu anfang zu hause besucht und mit mir viele allt\u00e4gliche dinge trainiert . mittlerweile kann ich meine frau zu hause wieder unterst\u00fctzen und ihr beim kochen helfen , auch kleine eink\u00e4ufe kann ich wieder alleine t\u00e4tigen . eines meiner gr\u00f6\u00dften hobbies ist die fotobearbeitung am computer gewesen , auch das hat die therapeutin mit mir wieder trainiert . ich bin sehr dankbar f\u00fcr die tolle unterst\u00fctzung und kann die praxis nur weiterempfehlen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "qualitativ hochwertige behandlungen , keine wartezeiten trotz gro\u00dfem andrang", "score": "5"}
{"review": "easy pezy in & out to get the car tabs @ the self service kiosk .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had to call aaa today and i did n't get the gentlemans name but he showed up before my husband lol and was very polite and changed my flat tire all in under 30mins ! great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nina is our expert travel agent . we booked our cruise through a different agent in town . when she found out that we did n't get help with anything other than booking our cruise , she jumped right in and assisted us with everything we needed . she handled safe transportation for us will we are in a foreign country and got everything printed that we need for paperwork . i feel safe to know that once we get to where we are going that we will be well prepared . i am recommending nina to all of my family and friends ! nina is funny , helpful and has a great personality that puts you right at ease !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst membership especially when they take hours to get to your location . not even far from the strip my car broke down and it took them over three hours to give me a tow ? i tried calling many times back to follow up and they never answered . terrible customer service ! would not recommend it to anyone", "score": "1"}
{"review": "their insurance part is ridiculously incompetent . can not even make sense of their emails since they were so opposite of what should have been said since the agent is barely fluent in speaking english correctly so forget written .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "customer service in store is great ! great personalities who seem like they love their job and really want to help customers . i bought my membership and then decided to cancel the next day . the guy gave me no problems canceling and said 7-10 business days it 'll be back on ur card . 10 business days pass & nothing , so i call customer service . apparently the guy who took my refund did n't specify if i wanted it back on the card or check , hence , the `` long delay '' . ( stupid excuse ) waited 3 more business days and called again due to receiving my membership card in the mail ( do n't know y ? bc it should be cancelled ) . i got a different excuse this time saying the refund was never even processed and that she magically approved it to become a refund & to check 3-5 business days for it to be on my card . of course they blamed it on the local office , therefore , easy to sign up - idiots to cancel .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "aaa roadside service in las vegas has been awesome for us . quick , responsive , and caring tow truck drivers have been sent to us each time . so happy with aaa over the years , but this past year especially since moving to las vegas . they 've turned bad situations into manageable ones with their services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a nice meal at wendy 's , stopped in here for maps and tour books for the camping trip . i was practically greeted like a celebrity . i had my card out but they did n't ask to see it . one lady was the professional greeter . another woman sat behind the counter . i gave my request to the greeter and she relayed it to the other woman even though she was sitting right there . i would rather have just dealt with the woman behind the counter . she did n't have much to say ( or she could n't get a word in ) . i do n't have the temperament to deal with someone as talkative as the greeter , pleasant as she was . travel plans are exciting , however , so i do n't blame her for getting worked up . she told me about a website http : www.findyourspot.com . between the two of them , i got all the maps and books i needed and they sent me on my merry way . if you have a car , why would you not belong to the auto club ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the seafood delight today for carry-out . portions were very large . however , overall the food was not very good . the steamed rice had a unknown flavor . i do n't know what spice they added but it was unpleasant to the palate . the seafood delight had two pieces of lobster that was way overcooked . it was extremely chewy as were the shrimp . even though the menu states 'jumbo shrimp ' , they were not . the crab meat was not real crab , although the menu states 'crab meat ' . it was the typical substitute crab concoction . i did not find a scallop , though one sliver might have been a piece of a scallop . probably 50 % of the dish was broccoli . way too much . and there was little or no flavor to the entire dish . not a good experience . there are much better chinese restaurants in the area . would not recommend and would not order again from this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time ordering , and last . i ordered bourbon chicken and am absolutely sure this was not chicken . it looked like hunks of pig feet . won ton filling had an odd flavor . sweet and sour chicken was very oily tasting . fried rice was yellow rice . egg roll was decent but again very oily tasting .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food ! i am a frequent customer . good customer service and fast ! definitely worth a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered the sesame chicken and it was good . had a nice breading , but could use some more sauce ( might have been since i got to-go ) . fried rice also good and the egg roll had a nice crisp to it . restaurant was very clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is kind of creepy at night . it must just be there area it 's in . i like how it convenient right off the freeway but i will not stop here for gas after dark . very creepy people roaming around at night .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "theresa was in direct violation of the ada act . some people need to read up on it before discriminating against veterans with service dogs", "score": "1"}
{"review": "gas is always higher here than the store directly accross the street and the auto shut off malfunctioned on me today using pump # 4 and proceeded to get gas all over my car , the ground .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "any circle k with a public bathroom gets a 4 star in my book ... .so many times i have gone to places that do n't have public bathrooms that i am going to start giving those jerks 1-2 stars . this place is old and run down but it serves its purpose ... .fuel , convenient store , and most of all public bathrooms !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice service ! ryan linder is the rn who runs this spot . i went for a vaccination here and i was very pleased with the speed and friendliness of the service . somewhere between the local urgent care clinic and getting a flu shot at walgreens , you 'll find this place . if all you need is some minor medical service , try them first . they 're right inside of the fry 's . do some shopping and stop by .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to the little clinic on rural and southern in tempe on thursday . i was greeted warmly and had hardly any wait . the nurse practitioner was respectful and knowledgeable . she gave me z-pak for my bronchitis . she spent time ensuring my current meds did n't interact with the ones given . however , i was called on saturday to ask how i was feeling . i was n't much better and the staff was very concerned . within 20 minutes another np contacted me to call in a prescription for augmentin . i just could n't be more impressed by their care and professionalism . i have recommended the little clinic to everyone i know .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went the other day for the first time and i can only say wow . i had to wait 40 minutes to be seen but the doctor multiple times reassure me she was going to be done soon which i liked and i was in no hurry . when it was my turn she asked me multiple questions and she sat back to think what could my diagnosis be . i really liked that she took time to think instead of just telling me right aways just to get more money or sent me a prescription . this is clinic was clean and the personal was friendly . i recommend it for minor things instead of going to urgent care .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "working makes it hard sometimes to get into the doctor when you are sick . after decided that it was past the time to go , i did a quick search to find someplace nearby that was open . i 've seen this one while in the grocery store , but never seemed to be there when they were open.i came in , did the sign in . i was happy to hear that it should be only 30 minutes . lucky for me , hubby got off work and was able to swing in and pick up our daughter . needless to say , i was impressed by the two ladies working that night .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son started having an asthma attack in the store and i went up and asked them if they could please take his oxygen and she said that he would need his insurance i said i have his insurance and she said there 's other people in line and she would need to check them in first . he is 13 and felt like he was going to collapse to the ground ! ! ! so i had to rush him out of the store ! ! ! 13 ! just needed an oxygen reading ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just wanted to thank rachel and the little clinic at the fry 's at rural and southern and her front desk person for the taking the time to help me with my sinus infection even though the office was closing in 10 minutes . the minute clinic a year ago was very unhappy to take me 30minutes before close ! ! hopefully the prescription will work . thanks again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a bad case of monctezumas revenge returning from mexico . it was sunday & my pcp was closed . i have taken my son here for school sports physical so it came to mind as a quick walk in visit . i was the 1st patient of the day & they could not get my insurance to come up in their system to verify benefits . they said bcbs system must be down . i then told them the reason for my visit & they said they do n't treat my issue . i went to urgent care down the street as new patient as well and insurance checked out fine . got some meds and fixed me right up . nurse practitioner there had no issue taking me . he knew exactly what i needed . wo n't ever go to these small clinics again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the clinic on bell rd , list of services includes lipid panel . i drove over there , and found they do not draw blood there . if you are going to use little clinic , call them first to verify that the service you want is actually done there . their web site is wrong .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just received a phone call from an employee of the little clinic asking if i was feeling better today ! the service is clearly outstanding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was amazing ! very good customer care . they where extremely helpful . they asked questions , made me feel calm and just genuinely showed that they cared . that being said , they ca n't do some things . like prescribe controlled substance medication but for what i needed it was not a problem . if you 're in a bind and need to get to a clinic fast . this place is great . they do n't take appointments . it is a walk-in only clinic . that being said , there was no wait when i got there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you just buying some meat juice with2 small piece of beef or chicken on a rice this is one of the cheapest place on portion i ever seen except rice portion and left over veggie complementaries have your self a nice ripping", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this sweet spot is in riverside not riverdale ! made my fourth visit here tonight for take out and i can conclude this joint has it going on . the portion size and quality are totally decent . for $ 10 i get two meats and two veggies , rice , and lovely naan . the dishes are tasty and fresh and the meat is good quality . i am so glad siddartha moved into my hood !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered the chicken tikka and it was sooo sweet almost tasted like a desert dish . the vindaloo even though same price was much smaller then the tikka masala , that too was a bit sweet . i think both dishes had the same gravy and they added chilli powder to the vindaloo and sugar to the tikka masala . i will not be going to this place again . i also think they add food colouring to make it look appetizing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very good indian food for the price . good bitter chicken.naan and chick pea curry . very good prices as well . new location opened this year at the queen and broadview area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't order lamb biryani , literally they just mix rice and lamb curry , that 's not the way biryani made . and literally very small portion and little piece of lamb 4-5 piece tiny piece . and the price are too much for $ 13 bucks plus tax ? ? ? ? ( $ 15 ) really this place is rip off , first and last i 'm comin here . not goooodddd ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i 'm not coming back ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "live in the area and go here all the time . it is a fast food take out spot ... very delicious , generous portions and always friendly service . i highly recommend it ... ca n't beat their $ 10 combos !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was amazing . showed up at 9pm on a tuesday night and expected to see some slim pickings but everything looked so fresh . it even tasted delicious and the portions are very generous . would definitely have again and go to as one of my regulars . price is on point ! also the staff was very friendly and told us we would back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered the baingan bharta ( eggplant ) dish . it tasted good but do n't think there was any eggplant at all . it was a creamy tomato curry with peas , onions and peppers but did n't see or taste any eggplant . i only opened the container when i got home so it was too late to return but the dish name was written on the container so do n't think it was a misunderstanding . plus for the quantity , it 's slightly overpriced .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nothing special about there meat special . 2 small pieces of meat in each portion . the rest is just sauce and too much rice . the rice to meat ratio is well off . it 's not worth $ 5 let alone the $ 10 i was charged .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazingly fresh and tasty . really nice people . lots of options and a very reasonably priced , large , combo plate with fresh baked naan . love it and go here often . you must try if in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walked by this little joint few times and decided to give it a try tonight . i am surprisingly pleased with the cleanliness of the place . food is decent and l particularly like their freshly made naan . wish they do delivery as well . this is my new found `` go to '' take out place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this review is limited to the fish wrap at this place . i 've tried it twice . i 've also had the shis kebab , to me that was standard . but the fish wrap was amazing ! they fried the fish to order , perfectly cooked ( moist , tender and flakey ) and the seasoning fit perfectly - it was n't overly drenched in a different flavour , you could really taste and appreciate the fish . i live in the area and this is going to be a frequent take out stop for me for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "truly one of the best places to get butter chicken in the city . really nice staff too . one of them took me into the kitchen to show me how the naan bread was made which was pretty neet . dishes are big enough for 2 people to get full on aaaaaaaaand what else can i say to meet the yelp word quota ... oh there i go . looks like i got it . eat butter chicken here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best ice cream spot i 've been to ! been coming here for my sweet tooth needs . young lady that 's always working there is very welcoming , nice , and good customer service . keep up the good work ! ! ! guava ice cream and chamango for the win ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was super excited when i found this place . but the excitement did n't last . this place is not consistent . they are always out of the paleta flavor i want , or do n't have the agua de sandia that i want . i had to leave a few times with out buying anything just because they were out of something i wanted . one time my husband and i went in and the guy behind the counter could n't tell us what paleta was coconut so we left . inconsistent and disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "por fin sabor mexicano en el sur de la ciudad , gracias como extra\u00f1aba estos sabores de mi lindo m\u00e9xico", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our ice cream was yummy and the server let us have lots of samples . however , when my 6 year old son and i sat down to enjoy our ice creams i quickly learned the shop is not family friendly . they serve their ice cream with a side of fu -- and pus -- - blaring on the tv was unedited gangster rap . i was hoping to sit and enjoy my ice cream - not explain what the `` n '' word meant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just tried this place tonight and it was awesome . theres nothing like this on the south side of town so its a great addition to have . only thing is the decor was not that great but what matters is the food and its delicious . i got the cucumber juice and i very much recommend it ! its sweet ! definitely worth the prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so glad this place is in our side of town . great treats ! stay and play jenga while you eat your treats .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is such a great place for latin ( mostly mexican ) snacks but also for tropical flavored ice creams and popsicles . i go here on my lunch break to get fruit that can prepared with lime juice and a few other toppings ( your choice ) and like to go after work for their deserts . there is so many flavors of ice cream and they let you try them before you pick . i also love the flavors of popsicles ! a lot of them you can choose if you want it to be water or milk based which is awesome . the wall has photos of their specialty deserts and foods that are typical to mexico ( all which look great ) they have snacks like nachos , corn on the con and sometimes have sandwiches pre made and ready for lunch . the store is pretty clean , the staff is really nice and their prices are low . this place is definitely a must try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chamango is to die for ! ! ! so good here and the staff is friendly . giving it 4 stars cause the place could use renovation on decorations .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "jenifer always makes me so confortable and relaxed . she has made me 10 years younger ! love her facials , peels and waxing techniques ! her hands are magical ! she definitely knows her stuff . very knowledgeable and always a great experience ! you have to experience her services and your hooked ! call her to get on her schedule you will not regret it ! ! ! amazing personality and professional skin care to the max ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very professional , welcoming and comfortable with exceptional service and welcoming advice and expertise . ..i 'm one happy customer ... ... if you want professional care and attention ... ..this is the place . ... look no further . ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love , love , love ! ! ! jenifer is amazing and makes my skin look better than ever ! you can tell she knows her stuff by how perfect her skin is , and i do mean perfect . she is professional and really assesses your skin to ensure the proper treatment , providing exactly what your individual skin needs . i so recommend her to anyone who wants to improve or extend the youthfulness of their skin", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved my facial , jen is very detailed with her work . she deep cleansed my skin and also made sure i was completely relaxed . i will definitely be back and recommend her to anyone wanting a great facial .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome experience . jenifer is friendly , professional , and does exceptional work . having never experienced facial , dermaplaning and microabrasions i was nervous at the beginning . jenifer does a great job explaining what all the treatments are and what they do . her care and attention to detail is superb and i would highly recommend visiting her spa for any of her treatments and services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you got ta know when to climb . do n't think you can go there at any time . make sure the weather is good . make sure you have sunscreen . be prepared to look for parking spots , since there are many people that like to hike the mountain and not enough parking spots to accommodate for everybody . make sure to take a lot of water with you . obviously there will be no place to buy or find water as you hike .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited phoenix for work and wanted to hike the camelback mountain . i reached out to jason at climb camelback and i am absolutely amazed with my experience . he is both friendly & caring and made sure i felt ok while i hiked the mountain . he provided extensive background on the city , plants , animals and mountain which enhanced my experience . furthermore , he also provided water and tissues when i needed it . in addition , he also took amazing photos of me while i hiked and he was able to accommodate the time that i was able to hike based on my work schedule . i am certain that my hiking experience would not have been the same if i would have done this alone . i highly recommend using climb camelback for your camelback hiking experience ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just finished a sunset hike with jason this morning and i highly recommend him to anyone that is considering taking on the mountain . jason made sure i was comfortable the entire time even as i struggled with my fear of heights a bit . he made sure i did not give up and made it to the top . i 'm so glad he did because the views were absolutely worth it . as for the mountain itself , it was challenging but definitely doable , especially if you have previous hiking experience . it 's a must do if you are staying in the phoenix area . i 'd recommend getting there early like we did to avoid the crowds and the heat . if i 'm fortunate enough to visit arizona again , i will without a doubt be booking another hike !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite outdoor activity from november to april . hiking camelback is awesome . it is very difficult and not for amateurs . people injure themselves daily . the cholla side is easier than echo . echo canyon is prettt much a climb , cholla is a gradual incline . it takes about 45 min to an hour to get to the top . coming down the mountain is challenging as well due to the steepness of the mountain . it 's a great workout aerobically and physically . i am always sore after .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing guide ! absolutely had the best experience and made it to the top with jason 's guidance and encouragement . do n't hesitate to book with him ! on my next trip to phoenix i will be booking another hike with him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just got done with this hike climb scramble with jason . this was thrilling and exhilarating hike ! ! ! jason was very patient with us as we are a bit older slower than we used to be . the view from the top is worth the climb ! it 's really nice that jason brings and hauls all the water up the mountain . he is obviously an excellent guide and points out interesting things about the views plants along the way . thank you for the great guiding jason . on our own we would have never made it to the top ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an amazing view from the top . you can see the entire valley which is a much needed reward . the hike itself is no joke . you need plenty of water even in the winter time . the cholla side is n't as technical as the echo side , but your heart rate will definitely be pushed ! definetly as must do if your into hiking", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great hike ! everything everyone else said is 100 % true . jason makes it work and i would not have been able to get to the top without him . its great to not have any worries because you immediately know you are in good hands with jason . it is a great workout and a fantastic view . i was impressed with how friendly everyone was and the christmas tree at the top was adorable . jason used his water for the tree ! sweet !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jason is very awesome , i 've climbed with him more than once and i 've enjoyed his humor knowledge and expertise every time . he is worth calling if your considering climbing camelback or even if you are looking for someone to keep you safe or hike with on other valley or desert hikes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jason with climb camelback is absolutely outstanding ! ! ! he took me up the echo canyon trail in october and the cholla trail in november , i would not have made it to the top either time without him , his encouragement , and his guidance . the cholla trail starts out as a hike then turns into a climb . the trail is not exactly marked so having jason there with me to guide me up the mountain was priceless . he made sure i stayed safe , drank enough water , had fun along the way and enjoyed the climb . the views are breathtaking and worth the challenge to get to the top ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved here 2 years ago from philadelphia , where threading studios abound . when i got here i was nervous i would n't find anyone to keep up with my bushy brows . i tried another threading studio for a year-the woman was straight from india , so i just figured she knew her stuff . as time went by , i realized my brows were getting thinner and thinner ... and scarier ! that is when i left and found bronze boutique beautifeye studios . tori is great . she really listens to what you 're looking for and she delivers . my eye brows look great , i am almost back to normal . if you 've never been threaded , try it once . you 'll be hooked !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tori is fabulous . eyebrow threading can go very right or so very wrong . tori always gets it very right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "waren am 12.12.2009 zum essen unserer standesamtlichen hochzeit im restaurant haus sommerhof zum essen . die ganze familie einschlie\u00dflich omas und opa waren vom essen begeistert ! danke !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das restauranthotel sommerhof befindet sich am stadtrand von sindelfingen , umgeben vom wald . direkt daneben befindet sich ein gro\u00dfer spielplatz , der vom biergarten des restaurants einsichtig ist . parkm\u00f6glichkeiten sind genug vorhanden . als wir am sonntag mittag hingefahren sind war recht viel los ( \u00fcberwiegend senioren und familien ) ... wir haben uns einfach an einen freien tisch hingesetzt . das ambiente ist angenehm und sauber . nach 2-3 minuten wurden wir mit den speisekarten begr\u00fc\u00dft . es gab eine saisonale karte und ebenfalls men\u00fcvorschl\u00e4ge . ich habe mir ein kalbr\u00fccken mit kr\u00e4uterkruste auf gebratenen waldpilzen , dazu wedges bestellt . die preise der gerichte lagen zwischen 10 und 21 euro . wir mu\u00dften nicht lange auf das essen warten . das essen war sehr sch\u00f6n auf dem teller angerichtet , leider war das kalbr\u00fcckensteak etwas trocken , daf\u00fcr waren die waldpilze sehr schmackhaft . das personal war nett , und immer auf zack . fazit : das restaurant ist zu empfehlen , die preise sind moderat und das essen schmeckt ganz gut .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hemant kishore aka the 6-pack chef is making delicious southern indian specialties in this unassuming locale . tucked in the back of the inn-zone gaming bar off us-95 and rainbow , hemant serves up authentic kerala street food . having lived in singapore for some time , i was taken right back to serangoon road when i tasted the curry leaf in the kappa and konj . beautifully spiced prawns on a bed of creamy mashed tapioca . loved the heat ! probably the highlight of the meal . masala chicken chunks perfectly seasoned and tender with basmati rice = a classic biriyani ( served in a clay pot added much appreciated presentation ) . though not often pointed out by most diners - i love when a chef executes a perfect , simple salad . a light ponzu dressing of hand selected lettuces , elegantly seasoned with picked red onions . hemant is a consummate professional , executing top notch cuisine . his unique expression of regional indian cooking is informative , inspiring , and give us a taste of india far beyond butter chicken , dahl , and naan .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "random bar and hidden surprise gem . wow the food is amazing . the chef really has a way with spices . even my left overs taste amazing . if you are a foodie , this place is worth checking out . just know you 're walking through a dive bar to get to the magnificent food towards the back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is some place , you can not give less than 5 stars . and it is when you deliver more than what you pay for . doing such good food in a dive bar seams a little bit odd . but if you reverse the problem , why do n't go to eat in a place and have a good time after by playing video poker or pool with your friend . a place where you do n't pay strip price and you want to come back every night , yes why not ? like everybody say , food was amazing and i can not wait to come back , you guys can should try sometime ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "believe it . this is great grub ! the two and a half beef patties has the most wonderfully wicked sauce . it 's flavorful and just at that point where you teeter back and forth between `` too hot to eat a lot '' and `` just ca n't stop eating it '' . the rajah masala definitely fits in the `` i want something different '' category . simply a wonderful addition to the neighborhood with expanding cuisine options !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was super torn on 4 or 5 stars for this place . we had the rajah masala ( must try ) and it was absolutely stellar : cold spicy marinated peanuts with homemade chips . super duper flavorful and really unique . we also had the asian persuasion burger - i was n't a fan of the sesame seed bun but my boyfriend loved it - and the indian chop suey , which was essentially noodles fried crispy-hard with saut\u00e9ed veggies and it was very , very spicy but still flavorful . if this was n't so far for us i would definitely come back to try other dishes . honestly the only reason i 'm giving them 4 stars is the location . i 'm no stranger to a good dive bar but this bar is honestly just outdated and a bit boring . wish there was a little more unique atmosphere and drinks to match the truly unique food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we found out about this place while looking for a semi-late night dinner and were completely thrown off by the curb appeal of this place , do n't let that dissuade you from going in ! first off , this is a great dive bar and truly a hidden gem with great prices , great atmosphere , and really friendly staff but the food is where it 's at . i had the biryani bowl and it did n't disappoint . spicy , flavorful , and filling for a great price ! everything about the experience was pleasantly surprising and our whole group left feeling like we had stumbled upon an amazing secret , which is a shame because in any big city atmosphere this place would be packed every single night . if you are in the area and are hungry or just want to grab a couple drinks and play some pool or shuffleboard , could n't recommend this place enough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great flavorful food for the foodie in vegas ! the kappa and konj and karimeen pollichathu was heavenly . highly recommended for anyone seeking an escape from bland food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we tried the biryani and it was fantastic and comforting . the lotus and root vegetables chips were crisp and light . great food", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came to try something new intown and was so glad i did . the chef is awesome , the owners are beyond kind ! the food is delicious . i had the kothu parotta which was a first for me and it wo n't be the last . cooked to perfection ! fun place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it sounds weird but the burger with shrimp is one of the best burgers i 've had ! the owner is a nice guy and i will definitely be back . also , the bar this place is in has cheap beer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is amazing ! we ordered the seasoned burger and jamaican wings . both really good . i 'm not sure which one i liked more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "omg this food was soooo deelish ! super unexpected place to find such an incredible food choice . pot of biriyani was on point , so amazingly good with such fragrant notes that you can smell and taste . rajah masala was an unexpected treat , crunchy , spicy , exotic . the highlight was that brownie though . a special for the day , soft and gooey with a jackfruit jelly center . to die for ! ! ! the service was excellent too . the girl working behind the counter was knowledgeable about the food and friendly attentive . we will definitely be back for more ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has very delicious food and hayment and kristen are great people . they have not only great bar comfort food ex : hawt wings n fries , grilled cheese n bacon . they also have fine quisine such as the asian persuasion or indian food . the portions are very plentiful for the price too . i highly recommend coming for lunch or dinner . 5 stars all the way !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came to the inn zone to play some pinball and was hungry . had never ordered food here and saw the sign for thesixpackchef outside which got me interested . i ordered the paratha which i had never had and was a big portion and was amazing ... .not sure if i 'll be getting a six pack eating that but worth the calories : ) . the owners ? were incredibly nice and my friends chicken tikki was awesome as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , so tasty , indian fusion to the nth degree get it to go nothing fancy but enjoy the food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "second time here , great food in an off the beaten path bar . they used to have live music here years and years ago , does n't look like that now . good drink prices at the bar , laid back atmosphere . ask for the daily special from the window in the back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came with a large group to have some good eats and cheap drinks . i was blown away by the food . if you want food with flavor this is place is a must stop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "am awesome place ... tapioca with shrimp and biryani was too good ... very special kerala food.. we had a chat with chef and he was very nice . it 's a small place inside a inn zone bar", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like indian food this is a must try . the walk up window is located inside the innzone-do n't let the looks deceive you , they have wonderful food . go to the window and ask for a menu i promise you wo n't be disappointed . the owners are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great indian fusion food . tried the biryani and chop suey . both were great . definitely a fan of the portions . will come back again and try the wings . order a pitcher at the bar and get some great indian food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "truly inspired food ! everything we have had has such depth of flavor . will definitely be coming back and making my way through the entire menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg . this place is fantastic . hubby and i shared the curry fries and not kidding best fries ever . home made , hand cut , crispy and flavorful . get the sauce on the side and just dip so they do n't get mushy . he had the burger and i had the rasta wings . both were phenomenonal . we are going back tonight to try the more exotic menu items . love the locals divey bar vibe . everyone was super friendly . oh and free shuffleboard !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very simple , very good ! t t grooming cares about your dog . we used to have our cocker spaniel groomed here on a regular basis . due to allergies , she needed to keep her hair short - especially in the paws . joan understood what we needed and always did a fantastic job for us . her rates are very reasonable ( best i found ) and the work is impeccable . this is a place that loves animals and will treat yours like it was their own . top care , and lots of love . if you want to go to a big-box groomer with a big name and high volume , go ahead . if you want someone who will listen to your needs and care for your animal , try t t grooming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the price was good . the owner was friendly to me and to my dog . i liked that it is a small operation . the dog 's haircut turned out a little more patchy than i like . also , her shampoo was n't as thorough as i like .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had our dog felix get the works and it was a fine job . smelling great and looking good ! next time we are in town and he needs another round this place will be the place to take him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quality service at an affordable price . puddle jumper goes out of their way to make the customer happy . even after the giant dust storms last summer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've seen first hand the work and quality puddle jumper pool service has performed and it 's top notch ! why go with a corporation and be just another dollar bill when you can have great personal attention from a family owned and run business ? ! give them a call , you wo n't be sorry !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eric services 44 pools for me ... ..yeah you read that right ... .forty four ! message me if you do n't believe me and want addresses and i 'll send you a few ! = ) his knowledge of pools , equipment and chemicals is pretty awesome and i 'm constantly impressed . he has the unique ability to resolve issues in a cost effective manner which as a landlord , i greatly value . i 've gone through many vendors here in az and have kept my business with him . that alone is a testament to his value .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for a great pool service company , look no further . eric from puddle jumper pools installed a new pool pump system for our pool . he was patient with all our questions and his work and customer service was top-notch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been using eric 's pool services for over 5 years on all the homes that i manage . he is very knowledgeable and fair on his prices . i trust eric to not only clean my pools , but refer him to my clients as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i rented a house and these guys always has the pool in tip top shape . if something broke they always let me know what was going . they were always friendly and asked how things with the pool were going .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eric and scott at puddle jumper pools are amazing ! this local , family run business provides top notch service . they are consistent with everything that they do , always leave my pool in excellent condition and are super easy to work with . give them a call ! you wo n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very poor customer service . rude staff . not going here again . pathetic service . i had a very bad experience with your sunset grill location at 7030 saint barbara boulevard mississauga , on l5w 0e6 canada . went there yesterday wednesday 12th of july 2017 at 11am . the entire staff was rude and very inconsiderate . is the sort of professional customer service you teach your employees ? yes i am aware we are not allowed to bring food from outside but there were 7 other people in our group who were going to order from your restaurant . do you think it was really such a big deal just to make a fuss because a small child wanted to eat chicken nuggets from mcdonalds ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had a group of 8 for a breakfast meeting . were seated very quickly . the waitress was very attentive and checked in often . the portions are very hearty and the bacon was full sized and not paper thin with quite a bit on the plate . not a lot of customers but i think that is just because it 's fairly newly opened . great spot for breakfast or brunch any day of the week . very reasonably priced as well for the portions you get . one minor negative comment ... when i poured the little milk thingys in my coffee the first time they curdled . the waitress quickly replaced my coffee but not the container of milk units , luckily it did n't happen again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great location , waitress ' are very friendly and helpful . food quality is very good and fresh . location is clean and easy access to the 410 . weekday mornings are peaceful but weekends can get busy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is hard to find a really good pizza place among all of these chains , congins really stands out . their crust is delicious , i have never had a bad pizza from here . it 's a little hard to find but once you find it you will be back again and again . best pizza around ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down best pizza in the area . we eat congin 's frequently , tried many different types of pies and they 've all been fantastic and done delivered on time . salads and wings are good too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so , i am originally from chicago and since moving to ohio have been on a mission to find the best or closest thing to the chicago style deep dish pizza they have there . until we found this place , everything fell short in many ways ( sorry ohio ) . we took another gamble and orders a deep dish and a thin crust from here and took it home . o-m-g ! ! ! it was fantastic ! the pizza , although still not like chicago , was the closest thing we 've come to it in the area . we will definitely go back here again and again for any pizza !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ein in ruhiger , erhohlsamer gegend und am wald ( zwischen waldburg und tannenberg ) des b\u00f6blinger stadtrandes gelegenes vereinsheim der gartenfreunde . an warmen tagen kann eine gro\u00dfz\u00fcgige terasse und der kinderspielplatz genutzt werden . die wirtin hat einen guten und gepflegten mittagstisch , auch die speisekarte bietet eine gro\u00dfe auswahl von guten geschmacklichen speisen f\u00fcr gro\u00dfen u nd kleinen hunger . preise sind total ok. nur der `` schorrlewei\u00dfwein ist f\u00fcr manchem gast etwas gew\u00f6hnungsbed\u00fcrftig . keine f\u00fcnf sterne : weil gl\u00e4ser manchmal dem gast an der theke lange anblicken , ferner sind die vielen zigarettenpausen einfach zu lang ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the family and i arrived here a few days ago . this place was just a short walk from panzer . the restaurant itself was great and the food was amazing . it will definitely get a second and third trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we like staples , and prefer it to the other `` office '' stores . there is a reason staples had risen to the top in this category . both office depot and office max just can not keep up . their selection is very good and they 're always thinking of ways to attract you to stop . coupons , $ $ for recycling printer cartridges , document printing , i could go on . but most of these items staples started and have since been copied by the other two . so `` a-ok '' three stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "your classic staples store . they seem to be a little under staffed at times but you can usually find someone to help you out . good selection of supplies and inexpensive clearance items .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this staples is close to my work and easily accessible . there is always ample parking outside , which is nice . the inside is pretty easy to navigate and the employees are helpful . anyone i 've approached was capable of answering my questions or pointing me in the right direction . they also do n't hassle or make me feel uncomfortable . there are plenty of employees wandering around , but i think they could use a few more at the check-out area . when i 'm shopping at staples i like being able to get in and out quickly and can get impatient if i have to wait too long . overall , if you need some office supplies , definitely stop in here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "oh staples , i know you well . when you work from home , you frequent staples . it 's just a fact of life . there 's no supply closet for me . instead , i get to buy all my supplies , but at this location , the employees remember my name and they 're unusually helpful and nice . they 'll take you right to the aisle where whatever it is you 're looking for is located and recommend products if necessary . staples has everything you could possibly need or want for your home office , from furniture and pens to planners and mouse pads . and their prices are n't bad either , but certain items you may be able to get cheaper at target or somewhere else along those lines . but if you 're in to one-stop-shopping like i am , staples kicks ass .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "average prices and frequently long lines to checkout .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really friendly staff ! when i walked in they immediately greeted me , i love that ! i went in to make some copies , and it was really easy and convenient . one of the staff came over and made sure i was doing ok . it was a great experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here today to get a printer i had on hold for me . super big store and easy to find , especially since it was my first time going to the store . employees were nice and i did not have to wait long to get my printer . thankfully it was still on hold ! the coupons are very handy when it comes to spending a lot on one thing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have printing needs , do not take your business to this staples location . i am new to az and wanted business cards printed . i took a sample card with me and asked to have it duplicated , including the same card stock and colors . the only thing different was the information in the copy . they distorted the photo on the card when it was cropped , the spacing was inconsistent and the last letter of one of the words was a different color than the rest of the word . they had three opportunities to get it right and failed every time . i 'm meeting with another printer tomorrow and have to start from scratch . while the employees were apologetic and very nice it does n't replace competence .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "having checked staples ' website out and determined that this store had two boxes of green mountain half-caffe k-cups , i asked my husband to go out for no other reason than to pick up a box at this store . i could n't believe it when he came home and said they did n't them . what this tells me is that they ( staples ) need to do a better job of keeping their website up-to-date . this was a complete waste of both my and my husband 's time . i ended up ordering the k-cups online from keurig and paying $ 6.95 shipping . my husband and i are long-time customers of staples and have always been rerasonably pleased with them until now . so , the lesson learned is do n't take what they say on their website insofar as availability tis concerned to be accurate . i know we wo n't .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "easy of use , customer friendly , a lot of office related options , and self service printing and copying are available . pricing is average to low when comparing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although the workers were available for service , the restrooms in the store , at least the women 's were totally out of toilet paper and looked to have not been cleaned in a very long time . extremely disgusting . will not shop there again . too many other adequate options . that is also a form of customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "$ 53.00 dollars for a laptop privacy screen . at least in vegas you get free drinks while your money is taken from you !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i hate this copy center . they make you email your documents to some stupid address instead of the regular store address like the one on tatum . getting anything printed is an ordeal and takes waaaaaaay to long ! ! additionally there is a big ole broad behind the counter and she like to wield it !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fantastic service everywhere i walked ! seemed overstaffed for the amount of attention i received . every time i was spotted by a worker , they made it a priority to ask how i was doing or if i needed help . great location !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walked into this store no one offered to help at all and they were obviously understaffed . the computer service station is so slow so it just eats your money while your trying to get to websites . to top it all off i went into the bathroom with my son and it was the most disgusting bathroom i have ever been in ! i 've been in gas station bathrooms that are cleaner than this . safe to say i 'll never be coming back here", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i walked into staples looking to purchase a computer , desk and printer . the manager was rude and unwilling to answer basic questions about the products i was looking to purchase . i was told someone from that department would come over to help me . after about ten minutes of waiting and no other employees showing up i decided to leave and take my business elsewhere . # neveragain i felt as though they did not want to sell me the computer that i was looking at because i was one of the customers who managed to bring in the mailer that had a coupon . i have had previous shopping experiences with staples prior to this one and those were also 1-2 star experiences . in the future i will choose another large box store or membership club . this shopping experience at this store on this day just put me over the top with this company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i feel like this store is going out of business soon as some of their shelves are running empty on things that i really wanted to buy . next time , i will go shop at officemax office depot instead .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "staples is a great place to buy electronics when they have it . price match against other stores like amazon then use staples coupons & rebates . awesome deals on post-holiday seasonal products .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beware of misleading prices . at the register , you will learn that you will pay much more than the price posted . you have to go online to obtain a rebate . really ? ? hello best buy or target , both down the street .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went looking for notebook binders i could get in atlanta ; no can do . either this store does n't carry them or they have been discontinued . when i asked if we could order the answer was it lloked like do n't carry them so probably not - probably not ? ! had the other items i was looking for .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always helping me out when i come in . gave me a in store coupon on chairs when i did n't have one . i ca n't really complain especially since i have outfitted most of my office here in the last 3 months and they have what i need ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "workers are friendly but i just paid $ 27 for a sub par exterior wash and window cleaning and a very minimal vacuum ! i typically wash my own car and this is exactly why . just awful for the money i paid ! never again ! shame on you autobell !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what a disappointment . i do n't expect my car to be detailed , but for $ 34 i also do n't expect to have to go home and finish cleaning my car . i asked them to re-vacuum a section of the front floor , and re-wipe the side of the driver 's seat . they took the car away , brought it back and it was no different . did n't clean the cup holders or the area around the gear shift . they charge extra for armor all , but miss so many places . really a disappointment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i normally wash and take care of my own car but brought my moms car over here in a pinch . the pollen had slowly taken over and the carpets were pretty dusty and gravely from usual car use . took advantage of a managers special that took care of the wash and interior . the guys are very friendly and helpful . quick and work well even if it is blazing hot outside . after the car goes through the wash , it is towel dried and taken care of quickly ... no water spots and your car is left sparkling clean . definitely gave them a good tip for a job well done and my mp was super happy about the cleanliness of her car .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "autobell has to be the worst car wash in the business . these guys never do it right the first time . i always have to point out areas where they missed the dash or windows . the wheels are never cleaned properly . you 'd think they would take more pride in their work .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm paying a lot of money but have to go home and finish cleaning my car.. when i addressed issues to the manager , he just said , we 'll we 're not a detail shop ... very disappointed !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this car wash is super . the way they worked on my car is just simply amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! i could never believe it 's possible . they just like taking care of this like it 's their own ! ! ! ! ! good job guys ! ! ! ! ! ! and their plan and prices are amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location , just off idlewild & 485 , is very visible from the street but a little tricky to actually get to . you 've got to go through the shopping center parking lot into the back corner to get into this place . once you 've managed that , it 's like all the other autobell car washes . plenty of options to choose from . these guys did a great job on my car . i went with the manager 's special ... full wash inside and out plus the tire shine & a fragrance in the car . for $ 23 bucks , not bad every once in a while . service was fast and friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i honestly do n't know why i thought trying a secondary location following a terrible experience in mooresville would be worth while . see these pictures for my truck following the $ 17 and a $ 5 tip that i wish i could retract .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "update just drove down the hill after getting my car and this is how my center console looks after a car wash. autobelle if you want to get ahold of me you can direct message me yourself . i am not the kind of person to complain but this is just not cool . ( this happened on november 24 ) having just moved here from california this is the first full service car wash i have visited . and they did n't set the standards too high . the workers are friendly but they just did n't do a great job . you can see the areas they skipped on the interior . there was still some dust on my console and the cup holders and area around my shifter were n't even touched let alone cleaned . the next time my car needs the works i 'll have to find a different place to take her .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used to love this location ... i 've been going there for years always got friendly , honest service , today i recieved the worst service i 've ever recieved from hi-health ... .cashier number 7461 ( short blond woman with an east coast accent ) and a dark skinned woman of color ... rude and unprofessional . i wo n't be returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i usually prefer the local herb shops but recently was recommended to this location , i found what i needed and was happy with my experience , the manager debra knows what she 's talking about and was able to get me what i was looking for . the service was wonderful and i would come again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "don '' t order anything from this company ! ! i ordered 8 bottles of oil . i made a point to call to talk to a rep and did n't just go thru the web . it was a deal because the cost was slightly less than locally and the shipping and handling cost made the difference . to my chagrin the package arrived with just one bottle - no explanation . shipping and handling same cost as if 8 bottles were delivered . when i called they found out they only had one bottle and that is all they were going to send me - but they were n't going to lower the shipping and handling . tried talking to supervisor - would n't budge . this ended costing me more for this bottle than i would have paid locally . deceptive practices - not customer focused . shady business", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this hi-health location . not only is the staff incredibly knowledgeable about all of their products , they are overall just very well versed in overall health problems and solutions . they 're never pushy sales people like other health stores just looking to make a few dollars in commission . every time i walk in i 'm greeted , asked if i need any help and then guided if need be . i 've been coming here for a little while now and have noticed a great shift in management . the employees are so helpful and can give very educated suggestions . whenever i go here , i know i 'm going to leave with the perfect product for myself . and if i dont , i know i can go back and get it taken care of . i would recommend this location & company to anyone looking for a genuine place to purchase their health products in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had n't been in a hi health for some time , and this was near my lunch spot today so i figured i 'd grab some airborne to make sure i did n't get this round of colds going around the office . when did hi health get all shiny and fancy ? the only one i 'd seen similar to this was at arizona mall - and that 's their super-mega superstore source of pride kind of place . it 's not a huge place - but i was really pleasantly surprised ! lots of great shampoos and fun soaps - just like you 'd see at a wild oats and that kind of store . they also had a surprisingly large section of food-stuffs . bread , ice cream and frozen meals , chips , cookies - oh yea - and they also have power bars . of course they always have tons of supplements and vitamins and all the other stuff they are known for . while this will be no substitution for gentle strength , it will be great to know that all these great options are available in the area !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got lost looking for starbucks , stumbled in here , ryan , , stepped forward with a bright good morning , hands behind his back , got ta love the military . he was polite , informative , pleasant , i bought extra virgin coconut oil , buy one and get somnething else half off , he showed me a few things , and i bought some b12 drops . to the management , excellent in hiring this kid ... new to tempe , i will defn return for all my supplements ! thanks ryan !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "impeccable customer service & assistance by nate ! he seemed very eager to help me with what i was looking for when i called to assisting me when i arrived at the store . very friendly and courteous . he was also very knowledgeable on the products and was thoughtful of my needs . i will definitely return and am now a loyal and very satisfied customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute delicious cozy lunch place to drop by . decor is very nice and food is hot and has a home cooked feel . pretty affordable and not extravagant or reserved for the rich . their food shoes beauty in the simpler things .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a good experience ; it might be an ok option for a weekday lunch ... , but there are way better options than this place for lunch", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the service and environment is so perfect . the beef noodle is really nice : ) it 's not expensive but taste is good . i super recommend it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ahhh , a delectable new little gem in my hood . just had the lamb pilaf here and must say the flavors are sublime and portions surreptitiously generous . service is genuinely friendly and welcoming . i 'm generally not a big fan of northern chinese cuisine , but i 'll definitely be back for more of their northwest chinese inspired menu for sure . right now , the place is still new and undiscovered , and although i 'd like it to stay that way , i doubt that will happen if their standards hold . an a+ adventure from the food b for sure ... venture forth my fellow foodies !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute place ! absolutely love their cute logo - which is probably what drawn me into coming here . i ordered pepper beef rice ( ca n't recall the exact name but the egg on it was a nice surprise ) and their popcorn chicken ! i love their popcorn chicken and would return for that . the rice dish was just okay - the flavours were n't for me . i did see other tables trying their beef noodles and that did look yummier than my dish . i might give that a try next time ! there is definitely room for improvement with their service and menu items . it almost seems like their appetizers are better than the mains . i 'm hopeful they will sort the kinks out since they are a pretty new establishment . for now , i 'm open to giving them another try but not handing recommendations to this place yet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i work on euclid , a mile or two from marino 's , and have been here for lunch a few times as well as a few late night trips to break up the drive home . the food is quite good . i usually get the italian sub w fries and its huge ! they also have a buy 6 lunches get 1 free punch card promotion you have to ask about . the bar is open , clean , large u-shaped bar , juke with some pretty good music on it , bunch of beer on tap , and it seemed to have a younger following each time i went in there . they also do a couple golf outings during the summer . never been there for dinner but would like to , nothing fancy , just sit at the bar and try a pasta dish or steak , who knows .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is a sleeper . been here a few times now ; had chicken parm sandwich and chili . both times very good with large portions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was fantastic ... that being said ... my family and i were the only patrons the other night and our food came out one meal at a time . they claimed they have a new chef . ( he was about 16 years old ) the owner came by to say hi but never apologized for our meals taking a very long time to come out . we come as a family and we want to eat as a family !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "completely disorganized store . witnessed the owner yelling at her employees in front of me . no customer service or answers to my questions . very low quality products and a lot of damaged product on the floor that looked like they had just fell of the back of the truck . i left as quickly as i could , would never recommend buying anything here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "false advertising ! ! ! ! their sign states `` price matching guaranteed '' , but they do not honour this . we went in to look at a barstool which we had seen across the street at the brick . would have bought there but they did not have enough available . the price at the brick was $ 59 . we saw the exact same stool at this store for $ 149 . we showed the ad to the salesperson and asked about price matching . she said that , yes they offer it , but would not be able to do this for us . no further explanation . this store is horrendously overpriced and fraudulent in their advertising . do not shop here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has a decent variety of knock off furniture including fake eames and van der rohe chairs for okay prices . we browsed a bit , but nothing really caught our eye . prices are less than what you 'd pay for the real thing , but the quality seems to be on par with ikea furniture .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "zero star rating ! 18 months after placing my original order i still have not recieved what i ordered and because i was sold a product that does n't seem to actually exist and the store will not refund the money i spent . i have offered to accept several lesser value items in exchange and the store still ca n't fill my order . phone calls are not returned and i am getting very tired of driving there for more empty apologies . think very carefully before shopping here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have no idea what people are complaining about . i bought a glass coffee table and an eames chair here and was more than pleased . the table was ready right away . the chair i had to wait for but they told me that upfront . they kept me updated through the whole thing . the sales people were wonderful , super patient and even gave me design advice . the only thing i would have preferred were later hours . it was hard to get there for pick up when you work full time . otherwise a very pleasant experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chairs fell apart within days of receipt ; replacement parts ordered and we received a call they had arrived ; went to pick them up and the owner had no clue what we were talking about and was initially unwilling to do anything but shrug because the employee we 'd been dealing with no longer worked there ( owner was also drinking red wine in the store in the middle of the day and seemed intoxicated ) ; eventually she agreed to reorder replacement parts . they never arrived and she stopped returning calls . eventually we just threw the chairs out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yes , a bit disorganized but it is the nature of the beast . if you want beautifully merchandised mid-century modern furniture experience then go to a high-end store and pay way more . i 'm totally into this place and am grateful i found it . this store allows you to own a beautifully designed piece of furniture - at an entry level price . lina - the owner - was amazing to deal with and gave me a killer price on my 'noguchi ' inspired : ) dining table and even helped me in the car with it . i would highly recommend shopping here , and am sorry i did n't find this place sooner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this place through a kijiji add and went in because i 've just moved to toronto and need everything . the chairs i went in for were reasonably priced and i was able to pick them up two days later . looked around for other thing but only ended up with the dinning chairs . may go back for a end table . all in all a decent place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very pleased with staff and lena , they let you look and do n't `` pounce '' on you . i 'm pleased with my black tracery chairs , got a great deal and did n't really ask , either . excellent style , they look perfect , and i love that they stack and can be used indoors and out . not the cheapest place around but good deals and great styles .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! it has a huge selection of beautiful furniture . my husband and i bought a pair of eiffel mesh chairs last year for our office and they look as stunning as the day we bought them ( using them almost everyday ) . the customer service is unbeatable . you can tell they really care about helping you find what works best in your space . overall , best selection and competitive pricing ! thank you ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just bought a dining table and 6 dining chairs at 50 % off the floor as they are doing floor model sale right now at the store . the store owner lena was very helpful to me making my choices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i went to sha-ba for a couples massage and it was fantastic . both tanatnan and keva are obviously very experienced at massage and body work . we had the hot stone massage with aromatherapy and we felt like we were floating for days afterwords . keva even gave me some advice on how to prevent the tightness i was feeling in specific places in my back . i 'll definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a 60 minute aromatherapy massage and it was phenomenal . the therapist was so caring and asked specifically what areas are your most tensed . she combines western and eastern medicine techniques and also performs reflexology on your feet . as a nurse , being on my feet all day and lifting and moving patients , it really takes a toll on your body and she hit every . single . spot . hurt so good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this might be the worst managed gym i 've ever been a member at . its location is convenient , but ive cancelled my membership because i 'm tired of attending a gym that is kept in such poor condition . the roof is constantly leaking , the cardio machines are always broken , and there is never enough equipment ... and its not ever that busy so that should n't be a problem . i find this appalling !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hey , its a gym . if you go here to work out , it is all you need . if you want to go there to hang out , you might find it lacking . change room is alright , not spotless , but far from filthy . apparently the hot water has been sporadic lately , but i live close enough that i do n't shower there anyways , so moot for me . been a member since feb 10 with no real problems to speak of . used a trainer ( 2 actually ) for 6 months , helped quite a bit i think . my first trainer has since moved on , but 2nd trainer niall is still there training away and i very much would recommend him . most of the equipment that i use is in decent shape , lots of weights , bars , etc . never really that busy , always a few of each cardio machine available . not a ton of muscleheads , but not too many social butterflies either . just a solid gym . nothing more , nothing less .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did n't have very high expectations considering we had gotten a deal on livingsocial but i thought we would at least be treated politely . i started off writing a lengthy description as to how exactly we were treated like we were a burden and a complete waste of their time . but the bottom line is this : if you run a business and are offering a discount of some sort do n't treat the people who come in with said discount like trash . they will tell others . stay away from this gym . it is awful , the facilities are subpar , the staff are rude borderline rude , and it will be a complete waste of your time . save yourself the aggravation and hours i wasted .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "0 stars . as in worthless . i went to the one near skydome . where 's my 2400 dollars ? ? i was a kid then . i paid for personal training . obviously do n't need it ... because i lost 70lb with zero help 5 years before that . so where 's my money ? i 've fought and won harder things . your business is garbage . i do n't care how big any of you are ... a garbage business , likely can not survive . treat yourself like a business , and extrapolate as needed . note : i just recalled . my trainer was a roided out scumbag that could n't even keep his hands off his phone , long enough to make eye-contact . i 've taught more people how to get in shape by accident than any `` positive '' impact you 've had on anyone 's life . be you but better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a large gym that is not so busy during the day when i go there . i 've never had issues with roof leaking as mentioned or dirty washrooms . pros : main attraction is the free parking right in front of the door . this was main reason for choosing this gym over goodlife on coxwell and the price . i was worried it might get too hot in summer ( i overheat easily ) but air conditioner was kept at comfy temp . cons : cardio equipment are not repaired maintained as fast as they should . at one time i counted only 8 out of 15 treadmills working . for a while the hook clips kept on going missing so you could n't hook up attachments to the cables . rest of the equipment is fine and plenty of it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "quick to quote and very clear with options before they start . great communication , cleanliness and professionalism during work . hired them for multiple jobs around our corporate office and exceeded all our expectations . unlike others i 've hired , they are there when they say and stay till the job ( s ) are done . indeed , spot on ! entire crew is polite , easy going and perfectionists . will hire again and highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "damian , the owner of spot-on , is top notch . not your typical contractor . he has an mba , and he runs it like a business . that means he calls back ! ! he is very responsive and his guys are great . never had a problem with him at all . i am a realtor and i 've referred him to many clients . they do wonderful work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "damian did a lot of painting in our home in lakewood and he and his people did a fantastic job at a great rate . he is a straight-shooter and easy to deal with . we 're very satisfied customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very prompt response time , and they do quality work . finally a gen contractor that i can trust . the job they quoted went longer and was more involved than they originally thought but they stuck by their quote . i would recommend to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "professional in every way . show-up when promised , advise what 's needed and what can wait , work until job done . friendly too . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided to check this place out since i was new to the area , needed a new chiropractor and saw a groupon add . they stick you in a room alone with a tv screen and have you watch their infomercial . i 'm not kidding . then a creepy , super awkward chiropractor came in for my initial exam . he pretended to be so shocked over what an amazing deal i was getting with groupon . then in his poor acting continued to go on about how lucky i was with the price . the gentleman that did my x-rays was great . friendly and comfortable personality . i never returned for my 3rd visit . even though i had paid for 4 adjustment sessions , it was n't worth it . they are a horrible business and i was n't comfortable being adjusted by that creep . he was n't even the doctor in their propaganda films they had me watch before my 2nd appointment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great doctor ! ! a whole different way of chiropractic ! great office staff too ! if your hurting please give dr. luzod a try you wo n't be sorry !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "devin luzod is a scammer ! ! ! ! never adjusted just sales pitched and shown videos .. waste of time and $", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bought a groupon for x-rays and 3 adjustments . watched videos , received a little adjusting pushed on my neck a little - did n't feel like he accomplished much . then they asked if i wanted to pay $ 4000 up front for the program . i said i could pay as i went , but they said they do n't do that . i went back for my second adjustment but did n't bother with the 3rd one . waste of time . thank goodness it was a cheap groupon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it is so relaxing , therapeutic , effective and pain free . not to mention what a fabulous staff they have . brandi was so caring and informative . she answered all my questions . the office was superb . it was as if i was getting a spa treatment . in the waiting room they bake fresh cookies and serve delicious coffee . what an extraordinary experience and a special thanks to ms. brandi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr devin is one of the best in town . quality medical care from a quality human being .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't even give it a star . 180.00 no adjustment , just videos , and a sales pitch . i 'm canceling my payment for fraud via credit card . f this scamming bastage . i have zero good things to say about the 4000.00 plan that they wanted me to finance through ge capital . do not go to this place . unless you want to just throw away money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was really skeptical with the gentleness of dr. luzod 's method , however , to my surprise , he has drastically helped me with my mobility and strength with my arms and hands . i would highly recommend dr. luzod in resolving any pain issues . staff is also so friendly and accommodating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is absolutely amazing . dr luzod is the best , i feel better every time i leave his office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had chronic back and neck pain for 25+ years . i 've tried traditional chiropractic and medicine doctors with very little positive results . i had basically given up and resigned myself to the fact that i would have to live this way for the rest of my life . then i met devon luzod and that changed with nucca . within a month i was in 80 % less pain . with regular visits , i have been pain free , for the last 2+ years . i ca n't tell you how my attitude has changed towards life . it 's fun again . i owe much of that happiness to dr. luzod , dr. gardner and the great staff of people who support them . special shout out to brandy , brenda and ally . you girls rock ! if you are in pain . get in and see what nucca can do for you . you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was on daily pain meds from a bulging disc in my neck , but still experiencing severe discomfort . after a couple of weeks of treatments from dr. luzod , i am completely off all pain meds ! dr. luzod has a very caring manner and thoroughly explains your treatment plan . his treatments are extremely gentle yet surprisingly effective . the office visits are comfortable and efficient ( no long waits ) , and his staff is super friendly . i highly recommend him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a must do ! ! ! dr. hecker is so knowledgeable and caring and different from any other chiropractor or doctor in his approach to his patients that he makes everyone feel special like a vip and he takes such good care of every individual he encounters as if they were all family . he has a variety of clientele ranging from babies at 6 months old up to adults at the age of 92 years young ! this is a happy place and the place to go to if you want to be well taken care of .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "spirit of the west boot company is a super high end clothing jewelery boot store . they have some really nice items but it appears to be more of a designer western store . exotic boots and designer jeans lead it not to be your grandpa 's boot store . the merchandise is very nice though so that is a plus . the store is small and does have a limited selection and inventory on hand . this was exacerbated on my visit by the fact that in the summer it is mostly locals in the area so the selection dwindles . about a 1 3 of the store is delegated to jewelry and it is pretty jewelry . interestingly enough the two workers owners there had their pet parrots in the store . i 'm not a big fan of parrots to begin with so i thought it was a bit tacky .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love the boots and sandals . great selection , nice people . check out the birds .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the store is on the small side so there is n't much inventory on the inside . i was up in cave creek looking for ( my first pair of ) cowgirl boots and of course thought i could find them at a store with boot company in the name . there were n't many boots , maybe about 10-15 pairs . the lady running the store had a pretty bad attitude when i said i was looking for boots under $ 200 . by pretty bad , i mean condescending and rude . if you are looking for expensive fancy cowboy wear , then this is the store . i was hoping for a down-to-earth , easy going western store and this definitely is n't it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had carter out for a vehicle that had been sitting for a while and needed a little help getting roadworthy again . living in suburbia , your options are limited when you 're parked curbside and you need some work done . yes , i could have had it towed somewhere , but that would be added expense and hassle that i wanted no part of . i reached out to carter via yelp and he responded quickly and was able to get out my way within two days . he showed up on time and was able to air up the tires , get the air bled out of the brakes and throw in a new battery for me , all in relatively short order , and for what i thought was a very reasonable price . certainly better on both cost and turnaround time vs. having it towed to a shop , and i was able to get my rig on the road again immediately . no upselling , no nonsense and no hassles . i would not hesitate to use carter and anyplace auto repair again . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sent a email request responded within min set up appointment got my car fixed will be using anyplace auto from now on", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just had avery come out to fix my `` bad '' knock sensor on my toyota camry . i had already spent $ 300 in parts and he figured out that i did n't actually need to have anything replaced . he could have just done the work , or not even done the work , and taken my money , and i would have been none the wiser , but he is an honest and awesome guy , and saved me a lot of money . carter , the owner , has an excellent business going , and provides such a convenient and invaluable service for people do n't have time to sit around a shop all day , or money to rent a vehicle while they wait for their car to be fixed . i highly recommend these guys if you 're in need of a good , honest , and reasonably priced mechanic ! thanks guys , i 'll be giving you all of my future business , and sending you anyone who will listen to me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are true professionals in every sense of the word . they came within about an hour from when i called , finished a difficult project faster than quoted and were very reasonably priced . i have them on speed dial for the next repair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after searching and searching for an auto repair shop that was open past 5:00pm in my area and being turned down by a couple of shops i was about to give hope but then i came across anyplace auto repair and left a voice mail seeing if it was possible to have my check engine light looked at as i had registration and emissions due in a few days . carter called me back within 10 minutes and talked to me for about 5 min about what the problem could be . it was already later in the day but he said he could stop by on his way home and take a look at it . he got there , fixed the problem in 30 minutes and my check engine light has n't come on since ! i passed emissions with flying colors and saved a lot of time and a ton of money compared to all the other crooks that call themselves auto repair shops . would highly recommend to any friend or family member ! thanks carter ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would highly recommend this company . called them after my mother went to the local auto shop and got a $ 2400 quote to fix her ac unit . they came out and told me it might be an easier fix and it will only be $ 200 . big difference . not only do they come to you , but this is an honest company i will definitely recommend and be using in the future for any auto needs . we need more companies like this one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed to have my car repaired because the check engine light was on and i 'm due to emissions and registration . carter is the one who deals with the calls , the work , everything . he came out with a truck to my condo and worked on my car right then and there . he is very professional and friendly . he is honest and explains things regarding the car , without just fixing things or diddling with things and then giving you a bill . his prices are extremely reasonable and it is obvious that he enjoys what he does and genuinely wants to help people with their car problems and help them understand what 's going on for future reference . i would highly recommend him . he was honest , reasonable in price ( cheap ! ) , and educational .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first and foremost , carter that work provide exceptional customer service . they were quick to respond and the service i needed . while other companies fail and not meeting customer service expectation call anyplace auto repair for your service . i needed a battery replace for my car at home and the company gave me a song and dance and did not carry the battery we all know then well with all the a 's in the name ... ... ... ..they fail me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have used carter twice now.. both times he has been prompt , communicative , professional and has completed the job at reasonable rates in a timely manner.. we will be using him again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "carter is awesome . i had a problem with the alternator of my vehicle so i went and bought the part for it from autozone that way it 'd be ready for installation . made an appointment w carter online and within the next hour he called me right back . he gave me his honest opinion that that part that i had just bought may not be the best . so instead , he 'd provide a better part and i 'd return the one i had which i did . he definitely made a good point of mechanic vs auto parts dealer . saturday morning around 8am he swung by in his truck . convenient af ! switched out the alternator and charged my battery like it was nothing . his service was reasonable and had an honest and awesome attitude . definitely recommended for anyone in need of some car help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are awesome ! i have used them twice now and been very happy with their work . they arrive on time and their prices are quite reasonable . the techs are always nice and genuine . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i messaged carter about replacing struts on my mom 's hyundai tucson late at night , and he was very responsive . i had started to try to replace one of the struts , but it ends up i am better at typing emails for work than wrenching on cars . anyway , carter fit me in the next day in the morning , got right to work , and had the car all done in a couple of hours . he was great with communicating , punctual , and did everything right the first time . had i known earlier about carter and his mobile mechanic business , i would 've tried it much earlier . the convenience of someone coming out to your house , or work , or wherever you 're stuck , is huge . no need to find a ride back home , wait for car , etc. ! value overall is excellent ; his rates are hard to beat , the convenience factor of him coming to you , and his honesty make this a no brainer . i 'll be using carter for future issues and recommending him to friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my car battery went dead in the parking garage of my apartment complex . after sending roadside assistance ( that could n't jumpstart the car ) and a tow truck ( that could n't fit in the garage ) i was in a bind . i found anyplace auto on yelp and carter was able to get to me within two hours . definitely recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "carter was prompt , precise and personable . he came to my work made the whole process so easy ! he did my control arms for me and everything has been great it has been about two weeks . i will also be using him to do my struts as soon as my financials allow . i gave out his cards and would give out more if he asked . i will get some at the next fix ! recommendation . thank you ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "carter came out and fixed the starter on my 1966 nova . this guy is amazing he came out at 9pm to fix it . thank you carter", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called to see if a ball joint that i had pressed in could be pressed further in or replaced with a new one that i had . the tech came out and after looking at it said it could n't . i asked to pop out and install the other one , and he said he did n't have time . ( the guy i scheduled the appointment with earlier said it could be done ) i was still charged $ 85 , and the tech did nothing . i should n't have been charged for them not doing the work discussed . i now have to take it somewhere to get pressed and have to pay someone again to have it done right . update : spoke with carter and it turned out to be a miscommunication . they came out and made it right . great customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while i do n't want to use anyplace auto repair again , because that would mean issues with my car- i certain would ! ! first and foremost , the guys that work here provide exceptional customer service . they were quick to respond and provide details on how their rates and services are applied . the technician that came out to my house was knowledgeable , friendly and honest . throughout the entire process , the owner and technician confirmed next steps and prices . when all diagnosis pointed to my head gasket- they were upfront on how they would approach the issue and how they felt i should move forward with the repair . not to mention , the technician is quick ! i have mentioned this company to friends and family and will continue to do so .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adding to all the previous awesome reviews for carter , i want to say i have high regards for this man . i got my front brake pads and rotors replaced for my car in about 30 minutes.. he 's as mobile as it gets and a one-man everything . i got a cost estimate at a dealership and called carter to match or beat what the dealership quoted me . not only did carter match the estimate , he came straight to my place and performed the job in 30 minutes . what a hassle-free experience . i will definitely call him on the regular for all my car repair needs . he 's awesome , genuine and you just ca n't beat good 'ol customer service ; especially from a mechanic . thanks carter ! much appreciation !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after being told by a fletcher 's auto that i needed both of my driving belts replaced asap among other services , i requested a quote second opinion from anyplace auto that same evening . carter responded very quickly and came out the very next day . they took one look at my belts and said they looked fairly new and did n't need any replacing . these guys are very professional and honest about what work actually needs to be done . thanks again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been searching for a good mobile auto repair company and have finally found it ! ! this is an awesome mobile auto repair company . thank you avery for coming to my workplace and fixing my brake light switch ! ! ! ! definitely will be a repeat customer as the need arises ! ! ! price was great , availability was great , communication was great , technician was great , car now works great , yep ! ! ! ! that 's a 5 star to me ! ! ! thank you carted and avery ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they came to my work and fixed my ac ! even messaged me a few days later to make sure everything was running fine . i 'll be using them again if i need them , hopefully i do n't !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never write reviews . this might actually be my first one but this is the fist time i did n't feel ripped off by a mechanic . their price was fair and the work was done fast ! they were able to come over and fix my car in a days notice . i love how easy it was to get ahold of them and how honest they were . they did n't try to convince me i had a million things wrong or upsell me on anything . everything was great . chad was the one who came out and he did a great job ! i also love the convenience of them coming to you . if i ever need any more work done it the future this is who i will call !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live in california , daughter goes to school at gcu . her car has a major water leak and check engine light on ! we email carter saturday night , he responds promptly on sunday morning long story short ; he & chad have her car up and running by tuesday . very responsive and kept me in the loop throughout . although i hope to never have to use them again , i highly recommend them to anyone in the phoenix area . responsive , professional and reasonable . thank you gentlemen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a college student and needed my ac system evacuated and recharged but did n't want to spend too much money . i called around to 5-6 places and it seemed that the prices just kept getting higher and higher . i finally called anyplace auto and they quoted me lower than any other company , and they would come to me ! so i thought , what the heck ? why not ? steve showed up and took car of my ac very quickly ( no more dropping your car off and waiting all day ) ..and also mentioned some other things i should maybe have looked at sometime for the health of the car but was n't trying in anyway to upsell me in any way . he created an invoice that was exactly what i was quoted . he was friendly and helpful . i would recommend these guys to anyone looking for honest quality care at a great price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i noticed an antifreeze leak when i got home from shopping friday night . i called cater at anyplace auto and he had chad at my house the next morning at 8am . chad found it was just a loose hose connection ! i love this service and this company . so very much easier than getting my car towed to my mechanic . they are friendly and professional , and the whole experience was non-stressful . will definitely be using them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided to try a mobile mechanic for the first time and i have nothing but good things to say about this company ! my experience did start off with a canceled appointment but a quickly rescheduled one that actually came early . avery ( spelling ? ) completed the repairs timely and even alerted me of things that need to be addressed in a certain time frame as a courtesy . i have definitely saved carter 's phone number for future repairs . honesty is the best policy and these guys have it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had an annoying noise in my steering and avery was sent out to help me . he spent enough time with the car to identify the noise as one on a recall . he contacted the dealer and after a discussion with them discovered there were 4 outstanding recalls on the car . he suggested i make an appointment and get those free repairs . i am totally happy with the service and cost of the service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called a shop that we always used for auto repair to find out what they would charge to have a radiator replaced on our vehicle , i thought the price was a little high so i decided to check around , i called and spoke to carter who was very nice and gave me a quote that was half of what the other place told . in less then an hour chad was at our house and did an awesome job and was very friendly and helpful . when my vehicles need repair from now on these guys are who we 'll be calling .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "carter was great ! he definitely knows what he is doing . i would recommend his services to anyone . matter of fact , carter , you are my new mechanic . this is timothy . the guy with the lincoln ls .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called carter after reading the great reviews on yelp . i had some squeaking going on when i turned my wheel and i had more than a few people give me their opinion on what it could be ; all of which sounded expensive and scary . carter thought it was just brakes . i was n't so sure . but sure enough , the problem was just that simple ; needed new front brakes ! carter was more than prompt , he actually was ahead of scheduled , which worked out perfect for me . he fixed my brakes in less than 1 2 hour , then was kind enough to take a listen to some other noises the car was making , told me what the issues were and said he would get back to me on quotes for both . thank you , carter ! you rock !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so after about 5 separate jobs they 've done for me my review still stands at 5 i will not have anyone else touch my car or any other car i buy in the future . just ca n't even find 1 thing to complain about . from the boss man himself to his workers they are all great people and great mechanics . they go above and beyond the quality of a normal machanic . i always say i hope i do n't need to have them come out for more repairs but they 've helped keep this old car alive . thanks again guys and i 'll see you in the near future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used them twice now with excellent service and reasonable pricing . this last time i was even having some further problems later the same day with the car ( it is a 93 so problems are kinda expected ) they came right back out that same day to look it over again at no charge and made sure that it had nothing to do with the new parts they installed . they stand by their work and have great customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a hard working guy ! thank you carter for fitting me in to your already busy day ! you completed my brake issues ( rotors and pads ) so easily and explained to me things i would never have understood elsewhere without any extra stuff on top . since moving here for school , i have n't been able to find an affordable mechanic . but i think i have now ! definitely would recommend to anyone who 's looking for reasonable prices and excellent service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "professional , dependable , competitively priced , drama free . awesome ! stress free ! why have i suffered so long with dealerships and repair centers ? ! thank you for making my life easier ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "carter was great and made quick changes to his schedule to install a new battery in my car in between his other appointments . we will definitely be repeat customers . his service is fantastic and we highly recommend this business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a major issue with a car battery that i thought was a little dangerous to handle myself . they were able to come out the same day , replaced the battery , clean up the mess with no issues . i was very happy with the service rendered and the timeliness of the service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sent a message at about 7am requesting a quote and they got back to me in about 10 minutes to get more details . they were able to come and diagnose the problem with my car ( needed a new water pump ) and repair it in about an hour ! the price was also unbeatable . i 'll definitely be recommending to friends and using their services again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thursday night of memorial day weekend my air stopped working . i was going on a trip over the weekend and needed help i looked on yelp and saw anyplace auto . i messaged carter on facebook to see if he can do the repair . within 5 minutes i heard back from and he tells me he can get over tuesday morning . well that wo n't work for me so i tell him thanks for getting back so quickly but i 'll have to call around and maybe go to a dreaded dealer to have the work done . carter then stated he gave his employees the weekend off and he himself was going out of town but that he 'd come over early in the morning to look at it . i was so impressed . at 7am he 's here and fixed the air . needless to say he will be my go to guy from now on . thanks so much carter for doing this for me . i see why you have only 5 star rating here on yelp ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you offered to fix it when you knew that we hauled it away to another city . if you really wanted to help , you would offer a more reasonable solution . you already charged me $ 300 for an unfixed problem . why would i come all the way back ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "found carter on yelp because my car needed to pass emissions and the ac was n't working . called him up and he was able to schedule us in . the day he came out got right to it diagnosed the problem and gave us our estimate . we decided to go ahead with the job and not only did he get our car to pass emissions but he got my impala blowing cold air once again ! since then he fixed my husbands honda and we will continue to use his services ! stand up guy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me say it was so relieving to be at home cooking dinner for my family while my car was being worked on in my driveway . it was nice that carter came out to introduce himself to me and jose had done a great job . he was even accommodating when my neighbor complained about the noise . the prices were very reasonable and he actually saved me hundreds of dollars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was traveling to phoenix from southern utah and my ac compressor went out . i did n't know where to take my vehicle and the closest mechanic shop did n't have a very good rating , so i decided to give any place auto repair a chance . carter the owner was friendly and professional . he was able to make the repair the same day i called which was a major plus because i needed to head home asap . after he made the repair my truck was up and running again . i would highly recommend any place auto and will use again should i be in the area and have an issue . oh the best part is they come to you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had them come out to see why i had a misfire on my ford f150 , which they said would be $ 85 to diagnose . i had a concern with the diagnosis but carter called me and took care of it all . great company to work with", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish i could give them 100 stars . i called five shops plus the honda dealership to get quotes on ordering a new driver side mirror after i hit a pole and busted mine . anyplace auto went and picked up the part i needed and came to my work to fix my car within the hour . they were able to get the mirror for significantly cheaper than the dealership and were able to fix my car before any of the other companies even called me back with a price estimate . the service man ( carter ) was so friendly , efficient , and really really good at his job . they really do bend over backwards to make the repair as hassle free and convenient as possible for you . i will never use another company again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honest and dependable . carter responded back to my inquiry extremely fast . avery even went out of his way to provide outstanding service . i highly recommend anyplace auto repair if you have concerns about your car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my timing belt and water pump replaced by the owner himself and it was such a great experience with a mechanic . not only did he take the time to explain what he was doing he answered my questions and taught me how i could do it myself . after he completed the original and agreed upon job , he took it upon himself to diagnose and troubleshoot another problem and stuck around to make sure it was rectified . i 've paid more for the same job at other shops without the additional help and instructions . an interpersonal experience while receiving excellent work is something rare to find , but anyplace auto repair has mastered it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "carter is just awesome . i have had 2 repair done . issue was resolved promptly he saved me a lot of money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you carter for reaching out to me with a desire to make things right . i appreciate your morals and more so your follow through with acting so quickly on resolving the situation and bringing me as much resolve as possible . you are a stand up guy ! much appreciated .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "he gave me a fair price to replace my alternator . he checked out other issues and gave me some free advice . the repair was made quickly and he comes to you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so surprised that our entrees were not very good and the staff had an i do n't care attitude , like we were bothering him . actually our waiter was borderline rude and it was n't because they were busy because there were only 2 tables with customers and this was at 8:15pm . i am really surprised that the orleans allows this because i have been to every restaurant at the orleans so many times and never received such bad service as well as bad food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was not good at all . chile rellano tasted chalky and chile was inedible . my guy had an enchilada combo and said it tasted like a hungry man dinner . it was all very bland . some of the worst mexican food i 've ever had . service was good except that when the server asked if it was good , i told her it really was n't and she ran away . do n't waste your money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yuck , in a town with a huge latino population , why ca n't the food be just a little bit better ? the only good part of the meal was the chips and salsa . do n't get the flavored margaritas because mine tasted like mango syrup on the rocks . stick to the traditional or just order a beer . flavorless and lukewarm food . get out of this casino if you want food , i have eaten at the oyster bar , coffee shop and now here and for some reason the food in all three restaurants is undesirable and barely heated through .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this place . any time my wife and i come to vegas we come here . i like the fresh chips with the 3 sides . the food is always good . service is great . this is the old don miguels . i asked what had changed . nothing only the name and owner . staff and cooks are still the same . i like the quality of the food . i am very picky . i have never had a problem in this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the worst excuse for mexican food i have ever eaten , and i have eaten the southern cuisine at least twice a month for over 40 years . the food is obviously prepared weeks ahead of time and reheated to serve . the cheese enchilada was so rubbery it was not edible . the beef enchilada was burned at both ends where it had been microwaved . do n't waste your calories , money or time with this place . want cheap either !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not the best mexican place , and not the worst . chips and salsa to start off are great , with two sauces and beans to enjoy . i wish they would change up the menu , as there are plenty of other choices they could serve to add some zing to this place . staff is always friendly and service has always been good to us . food just needs an upgrade in my opinion .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was only so so . the shredded beef tacos and pork enchiladas were on the bland side and the rice was very dry and tasteless . the dips that came with the chips were good and the margaritas were pretty good for the price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "located in the orleans hotel casino , this is a mexican restaurant that is pretty laid back not the festive craziness of senor frogs . the prices are very good and the food is not bad either . is it worth a special trip , no . but if you are in the neighborhood , you could certainly do worse , at very least you can get a great margarita . live it up you are in las vegas for cryin ' out loud !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "whenever i eat here i really want to love this place . the chips & assorted salsas dips you start with are so great . and then i get my entree . and then i 'm just left feeling mediocre about this place . what 's good : the aforementioned chips & salsa . $ 3 house margaritas ( wha ? ! ? yes please ) . most sauces are good . food seems pretty fresh . what 's ok : service . the actual food - it pretty much all tastes the same . nothing 's bad ... it just is a place to eat some ok mexican food when you want a break from losing your money at the tables .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "reading all these reviews i 'm totally confused by all these negative reviews . i 'm wondering if they 've changed management since the reviews we 're all old & our experience was so positive . went last night & ordered the carne asada & i ca n't stop thinking about the deliciousness . it was literally magic . the flavors & quality of meat were amazing . did someone tell the cook we were vip 's ? ! ? ? ; - ) i emphatically recommend the carne asada . hubs got the carnitas and they were really good too . i 'd be happy with that order but the carne asada ... . ! ! ! ! ! wonder if i can talk hubs into going again night ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "im giving this place one star based on the food and customer service . our server was crabby as hell and my food was disgusting . i ordered a chimichanga and it wasnt even fried it was like a burrito with disgusting pot roast in the middle . to make.matters even worse my son ordered taquitos and one fell off the plate and the server picked it up with her hands and.placed it back on the plate . i wasnt gon na let him eat it after that . all around disgusted with my experience here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the fajita special for 2 was a great value . margaritas are tasty , but the fajitas were somewhat bland . dessert was fried banana or ice cream which were both very good", "score": "3"}
{"review": "coasta cantina is the new name for the restaurant don miguel 's . you still get the three types of dip with the chips , menu seems to be the same , and the specials seem to be the same . i had the carnitas , and it was okay ; the pork could have used more flavor , but it was okay . it 's just your typical corporate owned mexican restaurant , nothing more , nothing less .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was the first ( and last ) time we had eaten at this restaurant . we were at the orleans and thought we would try it out ( since tgi fridays had a long wait ) . the waitress , oralia , was very nice and got our drinks right away . the chips and salsa were nothing special . we did have to ask several times to get refills on our soda . when our food came out all 3 of our orders were wrong . finally after getting everything correct the food was not that great . when the bill came we saw they had charged us for a side of cheese ( which we did ask for but they did n't tell us there was a charge for it ) and they charged us for an item that ended up being sent back because it was wrong . we finally got the bill sorted out and went to pay the waitress , using credit cards and cash , and that became another ordeal i wo n't go into . bottom line : do n't eat here ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "customer service is great . so 2 stars for service . food is reheated and lousy . i will not come back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very slow service and poor wait staff . worst mexican food i 've ever had . about on par for the orleans .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very bland , genetic food . nothing offensive on the menu but nothing spectacular either .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my wife and myself have been eating here for many years . the food is good and the servers are always attentive.. our meals ( 2 7 15 ) were tasty and enjoyable . i ordered chicken el cortez ( 14 ) and my wife had chicken azteca ( 14 ) . the meals had two large chicken breasts on each of our plates which left us stuffed ( one would have sufficed ) . you get complimentary chips and salsa along with a small cup of fideo soup.. on holidays and special events it does get busy . but that 's the same with all casino restaurants , this one is located in the orleans . there are lots of mexican restaurants in las vegas but trying to find a good one to suit your taste buds is challenging . having some ability to speak in spanish is a plus for you local establishments lets face it . this is a good choice for a nice meal at reasonable prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "try the ceviche and find heaven on earth ! i was bummed when i found out don miguel 's was now called coasta cantina but the menu is pretty much the same and all i cared about was that they still had my favorite ceviche . yum yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "scott was great . he came out on a saturday , gave me a small time-frame of 8-9 and was at my house by 803 . true to the company name , i paid half what my other 2 free estimates came to . he was fast , respectful , and very friendly . i will continue to use scotts half price plumbing for any plumbing needs , as long as i am in las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mother has used scott 's several times . scott is very professional and fixes things right . this last time , we arrived at my mom 's house from a long vacation , and she closes the main water valve off when traveling . the valve had corroded while she was away and the handle had broken off when i tried to open it . she called scott the next morning and he was available within hours to give us a quote . we agreed with his conclusion about what work should be performed and the very reasonable pricing , and he performed the repair right then . within 2 hours , our plumbing was as good as new . scott will take the time to explain things and is very responsive . we will continue to use scott 's plumbing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scott is very honest and dependable . 30 years experience he is good at what he does.i will highly recommend him to anyone with plumbing needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just called scott based on my mother-in-law 's referral . i ca n't speak for the work he has done for me , because as of now he has n't had to do any work because he walked me through how to get my running toilet repair needs done through my home warrantee . he 's an extremely honest guy and steered me in the right direction even if though it meant no work for him . i got off the phone with a smile on my face . we will be calling scott with any future problems !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scott has been our plumber for almost ten years now . we first got him out of the phone book . he has done a good amount of work for us over the years and always does a great job for a good price . a prior review commented that he did not call back quickly enough . it is true that he sometimes takes a little longer to call back than a big company who has professional answering services and schedulers - but that 's because he is a one-man shop and does all his own scheduling - which is how he keeps his overhead and therefore prices low . once the appointment is made , he always responds quickly and gives you the same courtesy he gave the last customer by not constantly answering his phone while out on your call . i would n't hesitate to recommend scott . he is personable and knowledgeable . i trust him in my home ( and i 'm not very trusting with tradespeople in my home ! ) . i have had nothing but good experiences with scott and highly recommend him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everytime i 'm in town i find an excuse to use this company . so far they 've provided amazing service for a bachelorette party , a holiday light tour , and a birthday party . every experience outdoes the last ! the vehicles are always beautiful , fully stocked and our driver is always well prepared , very professional and extremely attentive to our needs . i ca n't wait to be back in september to head out and have some fun in the hummer limo again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst company ever do not believe any of their promotions ! ! ! we bought a deal with them for a christmas light tour and the cancelled us on the day of ! no explanation , they just left a message and told us to get a refund from kgb deals . now we have to tell 3 kids who have been waiting for this for over a week that a disrespectful company has canceled on them for no reason . i warn anyone about them , if they can do it for a tour , they can do it for your wedding , an airport ride , or any special occasion . truly the most undependable company ever ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "limo connect is the worst company i have ever dealt with . they cancelled our pre paid kgb deals christmas light tour 5 hours before we were supposed to be picked up . the woman who originally booked us was also extremely rude and now we have three very disappointed children to deal with . this company is very unprofessional do not use them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had an on-time pick-up : vehicle was clean , comfy , well-stocked . our knowledgeable driver 's suggestions added to my unforgettable bachelorette bash .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife called in a pizza order at 5:30 for me to pick up after a client appointment at 5:45 . when i arrived at 5:50 and paid for my order i was informed that they had not even started the pizza yet . 20 minutes later and after about a half-dozen customers coming through , ordering , and receiving their pizza- mine still was not ready . i finally asked for a refund and headed out . definitely will not visit this papa murphy 's again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my first time at this location and was disappointing . place was dirty and the worst pizza ever . followed the instruction as i always do , but crust was not crisp and taste was just off . maybe because these were pre-made . de forest location much better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nothing screams `` authentic '' quite like a pizza place with an irish name , right ? well , inauthentic though it may be , pms is a nice concept and i enjoy the pizzas now and then . the idea of `` take and bake '' is a fun one and does allow for the cost to stay low while the quality high . i enjoy that everything is prepared in front of you . my criticism about pms pizzas are that they tend to be really greasy and sometimes the crusts are n't as even in thickness as they could be - leading to weird cooking times ( hence 3 stars and not 4 ) . i 'm not sure what sort of cheese combo causes the particular greasiness , but it 's nothing a little paper napkin does n't solve . if you like a thin-ish crust and lots of options with a bit of a change from the standard chain pizza fare , papa murphys is the place to try . yum .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "their pizza is really good . i usually get the stuffed chicken bacon ranch but other ones are good too including the garlic chicken ! their s'mores dessert pizza is amazing . i also almost always get their cookie dough and end up eating most of it myself raw . definitely call your order in ahead because if you do n't you could be waiting a bit . also there 's always coupons out there , so do n't forget those !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would give it a 5 for flavor and service ! it looses 1 star for not posting their hours anywhere online and even when you call there is no answering machine . that seems really backwards to me and annoying , you also ca n't order online . in this day and age that is crucial . they do make an excellent pizza when ever they do decide to open which seems like between 11am and 11:30 or when ever they get around to it i guess .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to love this office ! dr jeffries is amazing and the hygentists are great but the office staff are horrible ! ! ! even worst now in the last two years . my appointments have `` disappeared '' and they have forgotten to bill my insurance ! ! ! seriously ! ? ! ? ! ! ! horrible service ... the caliber of doctor deserves a better staff ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been a gentle dental customer for about 12 years . i 'm afraid i must leave them . their customer service has really gone down . i once waited at their office for 45 minutes after my scheduled appointment time . in spite of that , i remained a patient for another year . my time is valuable and when i have an appointment , i expect to be called back at my appointment time . the last time i was there , i waited 15 minutes past my appointment time . i must leave gentle dental for another office . additionally , the last time i was their , they had me fill out paperwork that seemed to indicate me as a new customer . my recommendation : if you think of your time as valuable , use another office . i tend to be a loyal customer but i could n't out up with this inconsideration anymore .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr. jeffries ( dr. j to me ) is great . i love it here , my kids love it here too ! beth , erica and coree are the fabulous glue that holds this place together . each one of them are willing to go the extra mile to ensure your satisfaction .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i actually got a cleaning like last week and everything went super good . the front desk girl was super nice and very informative i asked her a whole bunch of questions and i was actually surprised she answered them all because usually i would n't think the front desk receptionist would know how things work with the dentist in the back . she made it feel real homey if that 's even a word . but even when i got my teeth cleaned forgot her name but was white lady kinda dirty blonde hair i think but she was funny and made the whole process easy because by the time i knew it i was done . overall everything was great will definitely go back to this office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me make this clear .. the 1 star is not a rating for dr. jefferies , the hygienist beth , or the front staff at the desk . this office needs a complete overhaul by tearing out the carpet and installing wood floor or tile . the office is just outdated and it also has a smell of wet carpet . it 's pretty disgusting ... . but dr.jefferies and her staff are 5 stars all the way . my history with this office is 10 years . over the weekend my crown cracked so l came into to the office to start the procedure of getting a new one . alba is so awesome , she got me right in and my most favorite dentist of all time dr. jefferies hooked me right up with a temporary crown . i will never understand people not wanting to go to the dentist . they obviously do n't come here ! ! ! thank you for today ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "im impressed their are the most honest , kind and courteous staff , my experience is the best ever no waiting , kind , explained even the doctor who pulled my teeth call me in the afternoon from his cell phone and follow up on my feeling . 10 stars for this this place ! ! ! ! ! thanks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , beth the hygienist was perticular ly attentive to my level of comfort while performing my cleaning quickly and thoroughly ! the environment is great and very family friendly , the staff is always in a positive attitude and very organized and we 're able to have me in right at my a point ment time ! +", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love dr. jefferies ! she is very personable and makes an effort to get to know her regular patients . she always takes the time to make my children feel comfortable and to make their experience the best it can be . we are also very pleased with her team . from the receptionist to the hygienist . the ladies at the front are always helpful in scheduling and rescheduling appointments . i receive reminders for all of my appointments with the option to confirm through text or email . this is very convenient . all of the hygienists have been friendly and thorough . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this office is ok but if you make an appointment then you better count on them being 20 minute or more late . they are never on time and completely overbook !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stay away ! i had a dental extraction due to a painful abscess . after the procedure i was told because of a codeine allergy they could not give me anything for pain . i was not given any antibiotics , thankfully i had some at home . they could have told me before hand ... ... i would have gone somewhere else . they made me feel like a drug addict or something arguing in the lobby asking for pain meds . i am in pain and so embarrassed !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great dentist ! i would give 5 stars but the front desk girl was snobby & seemed bothered with my questions . the dentist and dental assistant were great ... very nice and made me feel comfortable . they explained everything as we went along . i will return to gentle dental : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "found the fried rice greasy and the bbq pork really dry and tough . sea spray down towards main is much preferred for canadian style chinese .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i read the previous reviews and i just had to add mine . we 've eaten from kingston 3 times via orderit.ca each time the food was awesome and came in a timely fashion . i wo n't say they ca n't improve because lets face it , everyone can . their worth my 4 stars though if you 're looking for tasty chinese food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the cheapest chinese restaurant i have ever go to ! i order a general toe chicken and rice . $ 5.99 plus tax with a drink . open the box it has 3 piece of chicken . thin slice ! ! ! this is a joke ! i did n't bother to say anything .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "usually , i really like the food and service here , but last night was a big disappointment . when my order was delivered , i thought one of the items was wrong . when i called to have them fix it , they first argued that it was right , then finally insisted the item was right , but they had forgotten the sauce . they made no apology , and were uninterested in anything they could do to remedy the situation . i finally gave up . the item itself was fine , but a little different than usual . it particularly suffered without the sweet and sour sauce for dipping . one of the other items we tried this time was lemon chicken . the chicken was good but the lemon sauce was horrible . we threw it out . if only there had been sweet and sour sauce too !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had a combo plate and lunch plate between two of us . tasted a little off but we thought really nothing of it . a couple hours later we both got the runs and a twisting knot in our stomachs and a crappy after taste in our throats . but , it did n't stay down through the evening . had food poisoning before from seaspray chinese and this was the same , be careful what you order from kingston chinese . kinda had it with chinese places in this area , food is way too sketchy and a high risk of tomein sickness .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this joint is as expensive and yucky as any chinese place you 'd find at a mall 's food court . you get a huge quantity of very poor quality and tasteless junk . for the same cost , you might as well walk 100 metres east and get a great meal at tropical thai . do n't make a mistake and eat here . run away - fast !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have order 3 times from this place . 1st time when they first opened was ok. had the usually chicken balls , egg rolls , fried rice and wonton soup . 2nd time was worse , same food , lesser quality . 3rd time , tried different food , bbq ribs tasted like dog , veg chow mein was unflavored and filled with gelatin , wonton soup had a broken lid , that leaked into the bag . each time i bought the soup , it was of lesser quality . store looked clean i guess . their light switch was gross . do n't waste you time with this place . safe your money for feathers , the green dragon or the beech tree . i think i feel sick .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "justeat.com brought me this one for delivery . i 'm glad it did i loved the wonton soup and chow mien more than most spicy dishes are good too cheap and good chinese only minor thing was i ordered spicy shrimp and they came with shells and heads still on . i 'll remove those later , havent eaten them yet but ill let ya know", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of many around the gta . nothing special about this location other than a busy parking lot , cold potatoes and fairly dirty restrooms . although my coffee cup was kept full and service noticeably good given the amount of customers around ... this wo n't be enough to visit this location again in the future .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "informed my server of my dietary restrictions ( dairy ) and requested that my eggs not be made with milk . they were and i had an allergic reaction . will never visit cora 's again as a result", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was a huge fan of cora 's ... .used to go to the one in north york alot ( when i lived there ) and thus tried this one 4 times . the first time was liked i had expected , but after that , down hill . the food and service have diminished . the fresh fruits which is one of the big draws are now unripe , tasteless and sometimes edible . they even gave us gift certificates when i finally voiced my concern , but they had a bunch of restrictions on how to use , so just gave them away ( friends who used also had a bad food experience ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been to a couple of cora 's locally and in montreal . the food is consistent and portions huge . usually have theo 's omelette which comes with a slice of fruit , potatoes and your choice of toast . the 7 of july is also good if you like lots of fruit with french toast and crepes . service is either really good or mediocre . seems to depend which section you get and the regular servers are usually good , topping up your coffee regularly . it can get busy around noon so be prepared to wait in line on the weekends !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wish i can leave zero stars . the service is horrible and food is bland . the only good thing here is the fresh fruit , i 'm sure you can pick that up at your neighborhood supermarket .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "while my two kids love breakfast joints , as it is our saturday tradition , they are n't big fans of cora 's , they hate waiting in line , as does anyone , so , unless you make reservations , you 'll be waiting in line , and when you 've got two kids like me , lines are n't very fun .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "today 's visit is worth five stars . i do know however that coras can be inconsistent . party of two , we ordered 2 coffees , 1 strawberry-banana smoothie . both fresh and delicious . ham-egg-cheddar panini & breakfast poutine ( added two eggs ) these were also quite delicious . my number one beef with coras is the lack of fresh fruit . they push fruit very hard on the menu and often it is not fresh . service was quick , our server in particular was very polite . bussing of tables was also prompt . we arrived at 9:30am when service was not as busy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really do n't know how this place had stuck around in this plaza so long considering the food that is served here . i came here with an old friend for brunch on a saturday and we were shocked at the rush they were experiencing . we got seated quickly but our food came out after two other tables who had ordered after us . the food was quite overpriced and very mediocre . somethings ( like the french toast ) looked and tasted so bad that we could n't even eat them . even the fruit , what this place is known for , was a disappointment . the meal was expensive for such poor quality food , it came out to $ 22 after tax and tip for a very small smoothie and an eggs benedict with one one egg . the only reason i did n't give this place one star is because our server was extremely kind , friendly , and attentive .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was the first time i have tried the food here by takeaway delivery so i 've not experienced the restaurant itself . my delivery was super quick and the nann breads were the biggest i 've ever seen ! ! the main meal and rice portions are a little smaller than some other indian takeaways i 've had before . i never managed to finish my meal so their portion size suits me fine - plenty left overs for tomorrow ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i want to like this place . it 's on my doorstep and as i like the concept it has a good impression written all over it . but sadly it has n't lived up to my expectations . biggest gripe is the prices v portion . too expensive . what we got was tapas for the price of a decent starter . this meant that for a party of 6 including small bowls of rice and naans , drinks and water we paid around \u00a320 . each . second gripe is spice , heat experience . there was none . it was explained by the waitress that the spice level is authentic . the vindaloo is possibility the biggest let down . gripe 3 : music . this was loud , louder than you 'd want for a sharing and convo experience . so in all i will have to mark it down and probably wo n't make a return visit .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what can i say ? after all the promotion and build up i was really looking forward to this place but what a major disappointment . table booked for 8 , not seated until half past . no service until 9 , no food until half 9 . poor service , tiny portions , over priced . look beyond the adidas 'uniforms ' and hipster charm . the place looks cool , but do n't believe the hype , it 's not worth it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a voucher deal for two naan-wiches and two craft beers or lassis , so i came for lunch with the lovely anita a . we both chose the pulled pork vindaloo and it was the spiciest sandwich i 've ever had in my life ! it was packed with whole peppercorns and chillies too ! it was so uncomfortable with my nose running and mouth on fire ( and i was even sweating ! ) that we had to get yogurt to beat the fire . tone down the spice so it 's enjoyable , v deep !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "only popped in for a drink but just thought this place to have a really good ambience . plenty smiling faces tucking into food with the most delicious aromas ... .i will with no doubt return to sample this food quite soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to greenland market yesterday , and k jun went out of business .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "located in the greenland foodcourt . ordered the `` 2 for $ 22 '' - 2 orders of 12 pieces of fried chicken for $ 22 . 4 flavors available - we choose the fried chicken and another one with mild sauce . pieces were all legs and thighs , and it took 15 minutes as expected . fried chicken was done very well - nice crunchy skin and juicy chicken . mild sauce was decent ; just a sticky mess to eat with hands . chicken came with house salad that has a sauce that includes siracha and a bowl of those white radish blocks . had a taste of each then focused on the fried chicken . the guy working there was extremely nice and offered us a free sample of the pizza they serve - i think it was sausage and sweet potato with cheese in the crust . it was actually excellent and i 'd strongly consider ordering the pizza next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have to concur with john here . wayne is a criminal ... literally . check his record ... . convicted felon . i have had people crying to me ( as a fellow diver ) about how he has screwed them over . he thinks of himself as god 's gift to diving . believe me , he is not . cult of personality . you do not have to buy $ 3000 in gear to learn how to dive .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great looking business with a pool and pretty aquarium . they also have a great selection , but their prices are too high . also the owner is a hugger and hugs me every time i go in . i 'm just do n't care for being hugged by strangers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food , friendly staff , quick service , next to a theatre . what better place to go when you are at mesa riverview . got to try their fhazani sandwich and gelato ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , i went in for the first time today with a groupon now deal . i was totally stoked to try this place out because it 's right down the street from my work and i 'm sick of the same old same old . the place was set up very nice and the ambiance was all that of a good lunch place . i ordered the chicken ceasar salad and the cheesey breadsticks . the breadsticks were amazing . i was excited to try the salad and when i opened the box it was almost inedible . the lettuce looked old . it was bruised and slimey . the chicken had all kinds of cartilage and fattiness . it was terrible . now , i know that they are a pizza place and that is what they specialize in ... but if your salads are going to be that bad do n't serve them . it 's just gross .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been here only twice by now , however , i make a trip out here every time i am in montreal now . i enjoy a good cigar and because this is still canada cuban cigars are available ! those are my favourite , followed by dominican , and nicaraguan . this particular location has a very nice variety , of different regions of the world . plus both times i have been here the owner of the place has assisted me . he is supper friendly and has a world of knowledge . the at tentative service has not gone un-noticed by me . there are all kinds of accessories to pick from as well , including a very nice selection of classic shaving products . and of course lighter , cutters , among other tobacco related items . i recommend this place very highly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i made a reservation here for a conference not knowing that the hotel had locked-out staff . when i found out about this situation , i was more than upset that sheraton had not posted this information on their website ; they did post that the restaurant was closed ! all of that aside , we have not really noticed anything that truely detracts for our stay . we are here for a conference and wanted a spacious affordable room that was clean and confortabe and have found that to be true . i love montreal !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came in on a sunday morning at 8am . instantly sat in a booth . our server was quick with our food and drinks . she was also on top of drink refills and checked in on us to make sure we had everything we needed . will be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their sirloin tips are to die for - the best value tasty 'fast food dine in ' meal to be had across this great country . for the most part , the staff are excellent and the restrooms clean . we 've been travelling the usa for 2 months , repeating our holiday of last year . been coming to the us since '78 and had never been to ihop until the last trip . i regret not trying the place decades ago , now i know what i have been 'passing up ' - they leave the other fast food joints for dead .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "from the moment you walk through the door , you can tell that everyone is there to help you and pet . they give smiles all around and will recommend the best option when it comes to your pet 's treatment . they deliver quality service for their monetary value and do not recommend what is not needed . it is obvious that they are patient and careful when it comes to your pet 's treatment which i am always grateful for as my pets can be quite a handful ! the facilities are also spot clean which is always a bonus for any health care provider . i recommend westway animal clinic to anyone who want to give their pet the best care .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent animal care , absolutely first rate , though expensive . we 've been going here for six years and we have always hate a great experience with the vets and techs . i definitely recommend their boarding services , which are excellent and affordable , and they really do care about the animals they treat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have free wi-fi . yes ! i usually eat here when i do n't feel like cooking breakfast at home or before hiking with friends . i 've always had good service here and i do n't know why people are hating the place . our service has always been pleasant and food is good . i love that they have stevia sweeteners instead of that dangerous pink aspartame stuff . this place is now called `` the good egg '' , so maybe the bad ratings are from the eggery . they now have hazelnut coffee which is great and they have stamp cards for frequent guests . my friend sage has already gotten 4 free breakfasts here 'cause they are so easy to accumulate and the breakfast prices are reasonable . i think people need to give this place another chance . it 's no longer called the eggery , so maybe the rude waitress is gone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a retarded friend of mine who must have been smoking crack dragged me here against my will the other day , for lunch . we were headed for a perfectly nice 5-star lunch at prime , but he saw this place on the way and got into his head the notion that a shitty , unclean interior with apathetic if not rude waitress service and mediocre food was what we needed instead of the spotless interior , eager-to-please service and delicious food waiting for us at prime . not shockingly , we had a perfectly mediocre time at lunch and i left feeling completely unsatisfied . and like i really needed to wash my hands and or take a shower . blech .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i visited the good egg on cambelback road five times since arriving in phoenix on saturday 6 7 13 . we also brought some of our staff as well as locals . we always had exceptional service and wonderful food ! our waiters and waitresses asked if we had any problems and were attentive to our needs . as for the nasty review you received , if you have a problem any could n't get the response you were looking forward from the waiter , than you ask for the manager . simple as that . we look forward to another great breakfast before we leave phoenix tomorrow . laura & rj philadelphia , pa", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i went on a sunday around noon so of course a 20 minute wait was to be expected . no complaint there . the complementary coffee and creamer was very nice to have in the waiting area . we were promptly sat by a nice hostess who still took the time to ask how our morning had been . service was wonderful . autumn was excellent ! happy , nice , fast and met all of our breakfast needs ! my omelette was perfect with a yummy fruit cup on the side . my boyfriend got the amazing breakfast special , the bananas foster . yum ! and only $ 7 ? ! ! needless to say , we left satisfied and full . autumn even got me an ice tea to go ! victor was the finishing touch on our first time experience at this location . he asked how our breakfast was and made sure we left with a smile and made sure we 'd be returning . its not very often you get such breakfast service as this ! keep up the great work guys ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming to this restaurant for years ! i have never been disappointed . the wait staff has been the same for quite some time and people usually stay working there for a long time . this is normally a good sign . always busy another good sign . they give you full carafes of coffee and decaf . lots of safe parking in the lot ... . the best part ( the food ) if you ca n't find something that you like here , you never will . they have wonderful jam and fantastic potatoes . plus they have punch cards so every time you come in you get a stamp . i have always loved that idea . five stamps gets you a free meal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "run away ! went for brunch mid morning on a friday , seated in the corner of a back room ( sure to be ignored ) . after browsing their 10 page , grimey-ass , printshop menu still covered with syrup from the 90 's on it , and multiple servers runners bussers passing me by multiple times for 10 minutes without so much as a check in or glass of water , i peaced out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "why go anywhere else when you can come to the fantabulous , wonderous eggery . i 've been a local patron for almost 14 years , and it 's always consistent . all of the employees are fantastic , and the host 's , who could ask for more . if you 're in the mood for down home , good , well thought out breakfast items , do n't choose anywhere else . i love this place , and hope that you do too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm trying to think of a superlative i could possibly use here , and the only thing i could come up with is `` exceptionally mediocre . '' the good egg is n't doing anything exceptionally wrong , but they 're doing exactly nothing right . the food is bland and unhealthy . the price is cheap but not a bargain . the service is mediocre to poor . the interior looks like it has n't been deep cleaned in a decade or two . i guess all the innovative , intriguing food options in phoenix has me feeling entitled to excellence . mediocrity just is n't cutting it for me anymore , and this place is the epitome of mediocre . edit : went through the reviews and there are a whole lot of very similar , very suspicious looking four-star reviews , and a couple of obvious 5-star reviews coming from employees . seems suspiciously like something a failing business would do to manipulate their yelp rating upwards . pathetic , so i 'm bumping this from a generous 2-stars to a well-deserved 1 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you know breakfast if you like fresh veggie entrees this is the spot i have been going for years and have tried all breakfast plates and recommend this as one of the best breakfast joints as a matter of fact you the reader should come eat with me this weekend i will be there.. eating the casa potensia plate is good yeah ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes , the decor is a little homey and not particularly my style . but they have a huge assortment of breakfast items , both the traditional and the interestingly unique . good value ; good service ; and good food . my preferred breakfast place in the phoenix area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i know it 's a chain , but it lit up my yelp choices and i knew that this was the place to catch my phoenix breakfast . they have a huge menu and it took me a little bit to decide . i really wanted the eggs benedict , but detoured slightly and had the sunrise benedict instead . they replace the grilled ham with grilled sliced turkey and top it with a few slices of avocado . with a pile of country potatoes on the plate , it was awesome . i was stuffed all morning for sightseeing in the valley of the sun . free wifi worked well . tip : try and sit in the solarium area . it 's only a view of the parking lot , but it 's much sunnier than sitting deep in the restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here on a monday around 1:30pm and it was nice and empty . our server was a little odd , seeming annoyed but trying to act friendly . the menu was almost overwhelming in its choices ; my omelet with avocado and bacon was good enough , and my friend 's crepe-egg thing came with this amazing poppyseed dressing . it 's not exactly a `` cute place '' but the food is solid and prices are reasonable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "umm i 'm unclear as to what all the hatery is about . ( i know thats not a word ) but i can say i enjoyed my meal here , i had a sandwich with soup , my girlfriend had the french toast , both were quite delicious . i couldnt care much for the decor , and many steps that you can trip over , but the service was what i expected . and that is all", "score": "4"}
{"review": "taking into account what type of place this is i was really happy with my experience . this is basically a homier ihop with a better menu . the decor is `` down country '' , the menu is vast , the service is par for the course . i tend to be a pickier than the average diner due to my desire to always eat healthy , so i was happy to see several options with egg whites and fruit . the fruit was actually good and fresh which is n't usually the case at a place like this . the portions were decent sized and very affordable . there was no outdoor seating , but it was easy to find parking and not much of wait .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we used to go to the good egg on central but figured this was closer . we have been here quite a few times and had gotten consistently poor service except once . the food is as great as all other good eggs , but we will be going back to the central ave location , and never to this one . the service is consistently bad , slow , and inattentive . eating out with a small child is a nightmare here . never coming back", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow . just , wow . as a former employee of this location , i 'm sorely disappointed . i used to be a hostess here and always loved the food . so i figured i 'd take my boyfriend to grab a nice breakfast . boy was i wrong . i ordered the huevos rancheros with chorizo ( always been my favorite ) and ended up with eggs and bland potatoes , with chunky sour cream ( ew ) and a light sprinkling of chorizo . um , what ? i paid almost 30 bucks for this ? the food was bland and not good at all . i could n't even finish my meal it was that bad . i 'll never go back . how disappointing . maybe you should stop recruiting your employees chefs from mcdonalds . the good egg has really let itself go .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the first time i came here something was wrong , they gave me a discount and a stamped card for a free meal . i went back after 6 months to give them a second chance and my biscuits and potatoes where cold upon being served . i noticed discoloration in my scrambled eggs and everyone elses eggs where bright yellow . .the food is over priced , my order was $ 8.50 and it didnt even include at least two pieces of sausage . the waitress could not do her job and notice that there was 3 of us and only 2 sets of utensils so i had to wave another employee down . will never eat there again . i dub this place the bad egg", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i ate here yesterday after attending church for some friends . we typically have only gone to the location in scottsdale on thunderbird but since we were in central phoenix we decided to try this location . food was decent but service was pretty bad . i asked for pancakes with my meal , waitress brought potatoes . coffee was lukewarm at best . we had to ask for a pitcher of water . my boyfriend asked for a to go cup for his soda but she brought him a to go box instead . it seemed as if she was ready to leave as it was towards the end of their day . i think we 'll stay with our normal location as they seem to have the service down to a fine art .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place knows breakfast . the 'egg-crepe ' with egg whites , `` spicy '' ( although not over the top ) was great ! a perfect , hearty breakfast served in a friendly atmosphere . and , the oj was fresh squeezed ! my associate had eggs benedict and also was impressed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted to like this place , i really did . it is right down the street from where i live . i try to support the local business , and i love a good breakfast place . i will say the service was great . the food , not so much . i had the 3 cheese omelet . it was flat , not fluffy . the cheese was lacking . the taste was rubbery and bland . so were the potatoes that came with it . it 's pretty bad when i can say i 've had better at ihop . the decor of the restaurant was , to put it nicely , interesting . it seemed to be an extension of my grandmothers house . if i had to guess the reason for this , i would guess the average age of the clientele plays a factor . it seemed to be a big hit with the card carrying aarp crowd .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the eggery is the exact same franchise as the good egg down at park central , just fussied up with a different name . exact . same . menu . bleh . had i known , i would have just taken a stroll through the gayborhood to get to the good egg , where there is outdoor seating , the people watching is superior , and the pigeons have balls the size of grape tomatoes . alas , the eggery is the good egg 's fat , dorky older sister . the service is completely adequate -- nothing horrific , nothing staggering . the food is average , but somehow always arrives cold . at our last visit , there was a metric shit ton of people waiting ( including a sweet aging tranny in a muumuu , chartreuse ankle socks , and chunky black heels ) but the restaurant proper was only half full , if that . why ? needless to say , i wo n't be back . there 's too many other amazing breakfast places in phoenix and way too few precious available weekend mornings ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "derrick and i would diff come back ! ! ! i love love their apple juice and their banana pancakes are out of this world ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service fair prices . this is the location that still has the old woodwork and marble top tables . i hear the rest of the good egg places have updated innards . i though am a fan of this old style . plenty of parking as aj ' fine foods grocery is here too . just a block away from the light rail station at central camelback .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location is closing . it has been my favorite place for breakfast . staff is friendly and takes good care of us . i normally order egg whites and turkey with bacon bits and fresh avocado . the have good breakfast potatoes or fresh fruit . we will miss the restaurant", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service is ok but the food was terrible ! i had eggs benedict and i was greatly disappointed ! the hollandaise sauce was nasty , the ham was cold and the english muffin was cold as well . the potatoes are n't seasoned and instead of cooking the onions with the potatoes , it looks like they just sprinkled the onions on top ! the only reason i gave it two stars is because the apple juice and coffee were both good ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good breakfast and lunch choices . i love the eggs benedict and they have many varieties of it . also if you order an ice tea or soda , its unlimited refills and you can even ask for a to-go cup , which i think is awesome !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the good egg used to be my absolute favorite breakfast place , but they got rid of the snickers and oreo pancakes ! what a bummer . my other old favorite , the la vida loca omelette , has also changed and is now called the wild cat ... what 's that about ? this is sun devil territory ! the service was fantastic , and the food was great , but not as amazing as it used to be . i would still choose the good egg over restaurants such as ihop any day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quick and easy place with a quick and easy review neighborhood restaurant ... great family place . i take my girls here when we want to have something fun other than my dr suess inspired green eggs and ham or cereal . my eldest got the french toast with a side of their well prepared bacon ... yummy ! my youngest ordered off the adult menu as well but got a simple plate of scrambled eggs bacon and toast with jam . as for my , i ordered an all white egg crepe filled with mushrooms , spinach , broccoli , turkey , garlic and cheese ! how can you go wrong ... you ca n't !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very average ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best food staff and place will continue to come here every weekend . the add in for only $ 1 for any type of pancakes n $ 2 for french toast is so great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best ! we were very impressed with the customer service-seated quickly , and greeted by our server promptly . we were even offered a free pancake for it being our first visit ! definitely try the berry one . freakin fantastic . my new go to breakfast spot", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i guess this is why i always go to the good egg on central . it is always packed so i decided to try this one . it was quiet inside ... .no surprise . food was decent . service sucked . took forever to be acknowledged for seating . then the waitress just continued to disappear over and over again . if we needed anything ... ketchup , fork , check , etc forget it . we had to flag down another waitress to go find ours and she would eventually show up with yet another excuse . back to central we go !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i tried the berry blintz today and it was so refreshing on a hot summer day ! my friends tried the chicken quesadilla and one had a beef barbacoa quesadilla which was delicious . and of course we could n't go wrong with a santa fe straw !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a fun relaxing time my friend had the caesar salad it was fantastic my bf had ham x it was good and i had the sweet n spice asian salad it was out of this world and our waitress was awesome", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for sunday brunch ( around noon ) and were all pleasantly surprised ! the service was great -- you get your own pitcher of water and carafe of coffee . the coffee was deeeelicious . i made the mistake of ordering a tall stack of pancakes . they were huge . honestly , all you need is a short stack -- they were at least 8 inches across . the sausage were slightly overcooked , but still really good . another in our group had an omelette and we were n't overly impressed with it -- she commented she could have gotten a bigger omelette at ihop ( and probably better looking ) . but overall , i 'd go back . those pancakes were delicious , as was the coffee . very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to the good egg on camelback at 1:30 pm on a friday which might have been a mistake as my waitress lindsay was not pleasant in the least . it was like i was inconveniencing her , even though i arrived an hour before their 2:30 closing . i said , hi , how are you and got not response , she took my order with a sour face , dropped the food later without really a word and i did n't see here until i was done , which sucks since it would have been nice to have syrup with my pancakes . good food , poor service . te good egg is usually much better than that . but today it should have been called suck eggs .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ive been going here since i was a kid , i 've always loved it and the menu has changed but they are great about making things they way you want them . however this past time i was there they had really gone downhill , the servers were arguing loudly , they were n't moving very fast with food , and the place just looked really bare and unattended to . it was not comforting to say the least . i hope they can bounce back cause they are still a good place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i took my gf here for breakfast because we ( i mean she ) did n't feel like cooking . we got in and waited about 20 minutes which was fine . my gf ended up ordering the eye opener and i got the crepes . when we both tasted the pancakes they we a little sour , so we asked our server if she knew about the freshness of the mix . she apologized and said they were n't suppose to taste sour so she offered to have them make something else . my gf decided french toast was fine . when she got the french toast , it was 1 piece of thick bread with hardly anything in it or on it . do you usually get just one piece of toast ? ? ? anyway when we got the bill nothing was discounted , i feel like they should have . we will be going to other locations .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food was ok , coffee was good . the waitress was nice but forgot to order one of our entrees . i 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the decor has got to go..or at the very least wipe down all the dust.. i have to say the food was good not great but good.. the staff all seems to be in some other world though . so depressing all of them like they hate their jobs.. what a way to start my morning.. manager if you are reading this i would say a cleaning day is in order.and something to boost the moral of your employees..as i saw you yourself acting the same way just depressed . all that feeds of to your customers.. i well give this place another chance and hopefully the experience will be different..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the good egg has reasonable food . it is n't amazing , but it 's not bad . prices are pretty reasonable , too . this location has lots of parking since it 's in a shopping strip . inside , the decor is a little dated , but i think that 's a common theme for breakfast restaurants . the manager is very friendly and attentive ; i think some of the servers should take a cue from him and try to do the same . french toast are big , loaded with cinnamon , and tasty . bacon is nothing extraordinary . veggie omelet is a reasonably good , healthy option . i like the breakfast potatoes , even if they are a bit plain . this is n't my first choice for brunch , but it 's a pretty good , simple backup .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i decided to come here on a sunday easter morning of which i thought there would be a long wait . fortunately , there was not and we were seated within 5 minutes . while waiting , they offer water , tea , and coffee ( at no charge ) . we get to our seat and we were greeted with a friendly server . i ordered the special - california scramble - eggs , bacon , onion , and avocado on a skillet with a fruit cup . it was quite tasty and i definitely enjoyed it . the fruit was good and fresh . the atmosphere is like a denny 's , family friendly and not trendy whatsoever . parking was good as i parked close to the see 's candy shop .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the atmosphere here is very nice . not sure what the building was prior to becoming a restaurant , but it 's pleasantly decorated . and the food quite tasty . this is my first visit to the good egg and i will have to keep it in mind for future breakfast visits .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my go to place for breakfast while in scottsdale . the banana and pecan pancakes are the best . service is friendly and efficient . you really ca n't go wrong here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i often meet colleagues and or friends here for breakfast before work . the food is fresh and flavorful , and the staff are all engaging . it is a great place for a quick start to the day . i know that service and quality will be consistent , which is important .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we tried this place this morning and we had a great experience . our server was great and recommended a few things to us . we tried the sundevil omelette and the pesto eggs benedict . both were great and exactly what we wanted . we also got a side of bacon - thick , but still crispy ! just the way it should be . the portions were big and we were able to skip getting kids meals for our children . and , there was an organic hot sauce ( ca n't remember the name ) on the table that we loved with the breakfast potatoes . we will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the classic french and skillet of seasoned potatoes . also try the hot sauce on the table .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here for breakfast with a friend . its really your typical breakfast diner . they had a turkey omlet special that was really good , and massive . i also got a side order of pancakes ... my total was like $ 16 for that . way too expensive for a basic breakfast diner . i have gone to gourmet breakfast places and paid less for much more impress food . the staff and service was great..but the cost just really bogs me down .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so of you 're in the mood for something different the southwest chicken philly sandwich is fantastic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was amazing , good prices , service , and music . plan on going back there very often . it 's a great place to have breakfast or brunch . they do close at 230 , so make sure you wake up early and get some food ( :", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was visiting phoenix for four days . ate breakfast at this good egg twice . had huevos with chorizo the first day , and their crunchy apple crepes the second . enjoyed both . wish we had someplace this good back in the twin cities .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food and great service . i will definitely be coming back here in the future . although , you have to watch your step , but its not a deal breaker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm sure that some of the patrons of this restaurant are not going to agree with me but i can not for the life of me see any difference in the good egg from any of the other chain breakfast joints denny 's , i hop , waffle house , and do n't forget perkins except for the fact that at these prices you could go to scramble or matt 's or a few of the other great joints around the city ... ... ... . til next time", "score": "2"}
{"review": "always a positive breakfast lunch restaurant centrally located in phoenix . generally order one of the omelettes which are always made to order with potatoes and toast . the orange juice is fresh squeezed and awesome . the restaurant is a nice place where it allows you to sit and talk at your own pace . they set a very pleasant atmosphere where there is not loud music or people talking so loud that you can not hear your own friends across from you . will keep on coming back as long as they do n't continue to do what they have always done", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service has improved since my last review , the food , prices & atmosphere make this the best breakfast value downtown . if you 're looking for good food at a reasonable price and no long wait this is where to go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i have been going to the good egg on camelback & central for years , the food is good and the service is great ! i highly recommend the protein pancakes !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place-has awesome food and a very warm and friendly staff . they have locally- made hot sauce and coffee and the menu has lots of healthy options . it always feels like home when i go there , and of course my son loves it ( very good for kids ! ! ! ) . try it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service at this eggery is always friendly and fast ; the food is always great . all of the egg dishes are tasty as you 'd expect from the name . their pancakes -- both whole wheat and buttermilk -- are terrific .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm giving one star , because there is no negative star . if you like the food the serve in institutions this is the place for you . no flavor and it tasted like it came right out of the box or bag . the one thing that did have flavor was the coffee , unfortunately the flavor was bad . it 's 2013 , time update your menu & restaurant . we want be going back anytime soon , unless i have a craving for 1970 's school cafeteria food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a really great haircut here ! i usually wait to go to nyc and get it cut , but with the weather i have n't had a chance the barbers here know what they are doing ! i got a really nice fade and a razor cut ( i have longer hair ) i was really impressed with the style and how fast my hairdresser was . only thing i did n't like was that my hairline on my forehead was shaved to give it a `` straight '' edge look , but it 's grown out now . haircuts are $ 25 and there 's a one time use coupon for $ 5 on the website !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "living in unionville for most of my life , i came here for the first time for haircut . asked for a pompadour , however the lady who cut my hair didnt know what it is , had to show her pictures . haircut turned out okay but will stick to my other barber instead .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was reluctant to come here because i thought hair places at a mall would be overpriced and give generic haircuts , but i was nearby and had few other options . it was a great surprise when i got the best haircut of my life ( at that point ; since then i 've gotten better from this place ) . it 's even better for fades than a lot of the hyped up places downtown which are always busy . amir is really talented . the other guys there seem to put out good work too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always great service and more importantly a great haircut . i always have aziz who does a great job . my young son has oliver who also does a great job and is really good with the with kids . some people seem to moan about the $ 25 price point but i think it 's worth every cent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "big changes . my last couple of visits to amir where not up to the standards he set during my first several visits . for that reason i decided to visit my good friends in downtown toronto @ a rockafellas social club . they are top shelf stylists artists which will aways be first choice for hair care . unfortunatley , the distance ( i live in stouffville ) & my busy sched ( yoing kids & own business ) makes it diff to see them . so i went back to the barber shop to give amir another shot . to my surprise , he was no longer there . i read another review that recommended eddie , so i booked in with him . excellent cut & overall experience from start to finish . he 's the new man to see there . keep it up !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is great . the lady who works there with blonde hair , i feel like she might be the owner ? either way , she is zoo helpful every time i am in there . i work close by so i am there often when needing to drop off my mail and bills . i always ask the silliest questions like how many stamps i need for this and for that . blah blah and she is totally cool about it . : o )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is downstairs from my office so it 's a lot more convenient to come here then go to a fedex or the usps . they might charge a lil more , but it 's time is money . i save a lot more time then driving somewhere and waiting in line . i 've always gotten the same guy to help me and he 's pretty efficient . he actually helped me pack the fedex packages that i 've had to send out which helps me out since i can barely waddle down to their store . they have a lot of cute knick knacks and cards for those last minute shoppers . overall , the time i save definitely makes it worth it to come here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "either i am very lucky that she is n't working when i come in , or they fired the lady that had quite the attitude problem . now a nice young man is there who has great customer service skills . po boxes are excessively over priced though and the inside needs a big upgrade but as for customer service they have earned themselves another star .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i recently moved into this general area and got some coupons in the mail for the postal pros . i decided to use a coupon to fax something ( 2 faxes for $ 1.00 ) . they were super friendly -- unlike most mail places i 've been to in town . their customer service is outstanding and i would highly recommend using them for all your mailing needs . my new `` mail spot ! ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "postal pros are great . just run if you get stuck dealing with the blonde . she why they make blonde jokes", "score": "1"}
{"review": "did n't know what to expect the first time i went to hal 's but i was pleasantly surprised . its kinda tucked in the middle of nowhere in the north hills of pittsburgh , in a place where you would not expect such a large selection craft beers on tap and in bottles . so when i sat down and saw the beer menu , i was pretty happy . i usually do n't care for bar food unless its chicken wings and this place does it right . the wings might take a little while to come but they 're pretty bomb . well worth the wait when your chugging down a few beers . oh yea , wednesday is happy hour for wings too , which is nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "aside from being disappointed when we try to come here and they are n't open , our experiences have been positive . good beer selection . good specialty drink options and the food is usually plentiful and good . really loved the jalepeno ranch chips . addictive and a lot for your order . homemade dressings are good quality . i got the steak salad and asked for blue cheese over cheddar and boy did i get it . actually removed some because it was so plentiful . hubby 's ribs were very tender and meaty . the broccoli was a little over done . but worth the trip back to try more items .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ca n't review any food here other than the wings because that 's all i get . i love the wings . much better than bww and quaker steak . my favorite is the black and gold . they have some unique flavors like fiery raspberry and asian ginger . usually pretty busy place , but the parking lot is huge and the wait staff are top notch . wish i discovered this place a lot sooner than i did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "completely redone review . the first time we went to hal 's we found the food generic and the waitress was pretty lame . we said we 'd give it another go and we did . hal 's is expanding and because of this i think they 've stepped up their game . the first time we went we got the fish tacos and the spinach artichoke dip . we again got the fish tacos , but this time shared a steak salad as well . the fish tacos were much much better and i will now be craving them . big fresh chunks of fish , fresh veggies , warm tortilla , and a spicy mayo . the waitress was better and the beer selection is still the best in the north hills . the food could still be stepped up and a little more creative and the noise could be addressed during dinner hours , but hal 's is a good option .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent service , very good wings , very good beer selection , bottle shop next door to the bar , good specials for food on tuesday wednesday and thursday , very clean and modern appearance to the interior . really no complaints . only gave 4 instead of 5 stars because not a lot of options for entrees that interest me , especially considering i come here a ton . the wings are very very good , on par with sidelines if not better , but i 'd love more entree options . still , it 's the best bar in the neighborhood to me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in while on the road traveling for work . great selection of beer and good chicken wings . had the steak sandwich with sweet potato fries and it was pretty dang good . the best part about my visit was the fact that apparently i unknowingly was sitting in the seat of a regular and pittsburg pirate great manny sanguill\u00e9n . manny was great and pulled up a seat next to me and was as nice as could be . this will definitely be on my places to stop in to next time in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is loud . we could n't hold a conversation . i had a huge house salad and the lobster mac & cheese . big chunks of lobster ... a new level of comfort food . i would recommend perhaps dining early when the noise might be less .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "watched the playoff game here last night . our waitress alex was excellent.. good craft beer and decent food . the meatloaf cupcakes were delicious . i loved that you quadruple your craft beer selections by being able to choose from ones at hal 's bottle shop next door !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "understated little neighborhood bar restaurant but we were impressed . lamb with pilaf on the appetizers was beautifully seasoned , and a generous portion . the seitan is also great . hubster said the chili cheesesteak was v. good . good selections for every taste . friendly people , good service . will definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food and prices . excellent atmosphere . i tend to drink here once or twice a week . the bartenders and owner are nice people . it 's great for sports games as well and plenty of parking .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love hal 's . i do n't frequent here as often as i used to since i moved , but this is one of my favorite bars near home . they have a great wine and beer list and much better food than any other sports bar around . i 'm pretty sure it 's the only bar you can order tofu at in the north hills . it 's delish ! they also have a nice selection of sandwiches , salads and entrees . the staff has always been super friendly and the service is good . chill atmosphere ; they always have the games on and pretty good music . touchtunes : check . non smoking is another plus in my book .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place hit on all cylinders . comfortable sports bar decor feel , fun vibe , indoor and outdoor seating and most importantly , excellent food and a tremendous selection of beers make this a must return for me and my golfing buddies . well worth a visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hal 's is a hidden gem in the north hills . i love going there and my family enjoyed it too . as a starter , we had the fried pickles . i 'm obsessed with fried pickles & it 's hard to find a place that serves good fried pickles . theirs are the best . my favorite thing on the menu is the cheesesteak . it is melt in your mouth delicious . i also love their french fries . my husband ( who always has to get it anytime it 's on the menu ) absolutely loved their potato soup and french dip . he is super picky about both . the staff is always very friendly & attentive . next door they have a well stocked beer selection and a nice bar where you can watch games & hang out.- a few years ago i went there for new year 's eve & had a ton of fun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hal 's has great food and a friendly staff . my favorite menu items are the buffalo chicken meatballs and the caprese panini . they have a great rotating draft list and good mixed drinks . the only negative is that the restaurant is typically crowded so you have to wait for a table or spot at the bar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bar food . 3 stars for the beer selection . service sucked but to hal 's credit , i saw other waitresses working their butts off . not ours . i had an italian sub . below average . saw the wings , should have gone that route . beer menu does n't list prices . drank a couple chimays . figured it would be pricey , but it is just nice to know when you are on a budget .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "beer , good . wings , good . what more do you need ? they have a nice ambiance - currently nicely decorated for the holidays . they have a lot of tvs so it 's great for game day . crowd and a huge beer selection . only had appetizers but they were good . wait staff was great . definitely recommend it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "out exploring on a saturday night with a friend and we decided to stop at hal 's around 10pm . they had a lot of outdoor seating but we went inside to start . it was a seat yourself atmosphere and a waitress showed up quickly . we each ordered a beer from their decent selection and the guacamole and bruschetta appetizer . everything was brought out quickly and the appetizer was very good ! we asked the waitress if we could switch our bill to outside and it was no problem at all . we ordered another beer and ventured outside to the fire pit for a bit . the crowd was very relaxed and laid back . we decided to checkout the attached 6-pack shop and i was impressed with their selection of single bottles . they even had some of my hometown favorite hoppin ' frog beer which i have n't been able to find anywhere else in pa . there is a rare beer club that i got some info on too . the staff was very helpful and attentive to our needs . i will definitely be back for more !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! ! ! food is amazing . only thing i hate is : 1 ) parking . sucks on a busy night . ca n't find a place to park and i feel weird parking next to the other businesses . 2 ) too many people on busy nights that you ca n't get a drink . not a bad thing , it 's just would be nice not have to wait a while to get a refill . i do n't mind waiting ; it 's just a pain sometimes . too thirsty ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to like hal 's , but unfortunately , my last two experiences were disappointing . i have to say the bar food is not good . we ordered nachos that were cold and soggy , and the pepperoni rolls were made of that store bought dough , which was given to us raw inside . at first we thought it was the mozzarella so we ate it but it was raw dough - very raw . some of the service is also unprofessional at hal 's and they seem to run the show there . we sat in the back once and watched as they locked a girl out while she was banging on the door to get back in . it was really distracting because of our seat in the back . then , recently , our waitress sat with friends chatting during her shift . the place reminds me of a college bar instead of a nicer gastropub .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hals is hit and miss depending on who 's cooking today . sometimes , they nail it - other times they do n't . great beer selection ! excellent place to watch sports and hang out with friends . though the circular bar height tables pushed together not only puzzle but also infuriate me . after this many years , you would imagine they would have invested in square counter height tables you can actually push together that make your table space bigger , instead of just having two circular bistro tables pushed together that you ca n't actually use .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love it here , so much that i almost regret telling people about it -- its so busy all the time ! the only down side is the super young wait staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been to hal 's a few times now , and like it . the food is good , beer is great , and atmosphere is nice for a night out with friends . on our most recent visit , we made the mistake of coming on a cornhole tournament night , so our service was ... slow , to put it mildly . however the owner and our server apologized for the wait and gave us a free drink or dessert , which made up for it . they also have an awesome bottle shop next door .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed this place ! although the drinks are a bit pricey ( the infamous 'no price on the drink menu ' game . hated it ) , the food is not . i ordered the seiten wing appetizer ( $ 7.00 ) and must admit that it is the absolute best . i 've gone to a many , many restaurants sampling their seiten wings and by far this place nailed it . all of my meat loving friends decided to try a bite and could n't even tell that it was a vegetarian dish . honey sriracha was a little hot , but otherwise complimented the 'wings ' perfectly . will be back and will order one for there and one to go !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "incredible food ! comfortable atmosphere ! friendly and attentive service ! what else can you ask for ? the food is a++ , and always consistent . every item is fresh , full , colorful and delicious ! i am here at least one time each week for dine in , take out , or just drinks , and have always had or seen a perfect presentation and a flavorful assortment . the staff , including hal himself , are friendly , personable and professional . each always has a smile on their face , and it 's genuine . happy staff , happy customers . hal has been great selecting people to support his vision for excellent service . the atmosphere is perfect . tv 's around the bar and seating to watch the big game , but not played so loud that you can not talk . a bar area separate from a dining area , separate from an event room , separate from a bottle shop ( with an excellent selection , by the way ) . hal 's meets your needs regardless of what your needs may be for the day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good pepperoni rolls , and wing night on wednesdays is such a steal , i paid like $ 2.00 for 6 wings , usually a really long wait on wednesday nights though , 100 % worth the wait", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really great food & amazing service ! everything from tofu to filet mignon - and everything is delicious : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love their food and venue ! the outdoor seating is great in the summer and the christmas tree is amazing in the winter ! their drinks are a little pricey , wish they had more drink specials .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our favorite local place . food is always excellent , great beer selection and great service . hal himself is usually there . my dad called it the best burger ever . my personal favorite is the mushroom brie bisque . to die for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food and great service . any beer you can think of , they have it . they also have 6 pack shop next door where you can mix and match . it was a little too dark inside for me during the day but most would n't have any issues with that . i just had a hard time reading the menu . overall , a great place to go with friends and i plan on going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious . the wings were good and fairly priced . perfect sauce and crispness ratio . my wife got a chipotle turkey sandwich which she loved and it had tender roast turkey on it , not the lunch meat you find in other places . the beer was reasonably priced as well . i definitely recommend if you like a little better than ordinary bar food at a reasonable price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hal 's is a great place to go in the north hills on any given night . i recommend wednesday 's for wing night but it can get really crowded of course so be prepared to wait for a seat . wings are fantastic and worth the wait . they are always fresh and never the frozen kind . thursday is another great night because next door they have a bottle shop with beer tastings of various craft breweries ... ..some you know of and others that are new or never heard . plus on that same night is $ 3 drafts in the bottle shop too . dan the bottle shop manager is very attentive and will recommend beers for you if unsure of what to get . during the summer they have an outdoor seating area too . hal 's overall is a great place to go for food and friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the atmosphere and bar itself is really clean and nice . we ordered the pretzels as an appetizer ( a little too salty ) . their buffalo chicken flatbread is more of a pizza crust rather than a flatbread but it was still good . great onion rings and sweet potato fries ! the friend chicken sandwich is just chicken tenders on a bun , literally . i would go back again , just might try some more of their food to see what it 's like . the hostess was less than charming and had an attitude , but our waitress was so nice and helpful ! they have outside seating and a fire pit too ! lots of beer selection and a beer house next door .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was good . the sliders are delicious and the sauce on them is great . large beer assortment . good service . they have a big parking lot , but during happy hour it can be difficult to get a parking spot . definately worth a visit !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is decent for bar food . and that 's all it is ... bar food . few attempts at something 'fancy ' are kinda funny . you 're a bar ... ..be good at bar food . be excellent at bar food . the beer list here is fantastic . seriously . only place in the north hills that has kasteel cuv\u00e9e . if know what kasteel cuv\u00e9e is , you know the beer list is worth stopping here for . we like it , come often ... .for the beer . as long as you stick to wings and other simple fare , you 're golden .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice now . the first time was on a wednesday evening for their wing special . it was packed and we had to wait to be seated , but that 's to be expected on a wing night . once we were seated , the service was very good and did n't seem slowed down by the amount of guests in the restaurant . the wings were very tasty , and they have a lot of interesting and unique flavors - like fiery raspberry and chipotle cinnamon - both of which were surprisingly good . the second time i was there was on a sunday -late afternoon- and it was pretty empty when we got there . our waitress was very attentive , but not in an annoying way , and extremely friendly . it did seem to take awhile for a waitress to notice when new people arrived and needed to be seated . the sweet potato fries were excellent , and i enjoyed their pulled pork sandwich . the prices are fair and you get a decent amount of food . the beer selection is excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great bar tending staff and craft beer selection . perfect place to watch a game , get top quality food and have a few beers . they have the best 6 pack shop in the north hills , wonderful addition to their business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had higher expectations of hal 's . everything i had heard from my friends was all good stuff . the wait staff was horrible . not experienced . i had to ask for water refills . i ordered steamed broccoli and the first time it came out with my entree it was swimming in butter . i kid you not , it looked like they melted a whole stick of butter in a bowl and stuck some broccoli in there . by the time i got my corrected order everyone was about done with their food . i got the fish tacos as the main dish , poor decision . hardest fish i 've ever has . i questioned if it was chicken because it was so tough and overdone . lastly , my friend stopped me from eating my last taco because their was a crawling bug underneath it . so unappetizing , what a bummer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pros- nice outdoor patio . decent sandwiches and beer selection . nice bar . cons- prices were n't great for the quality of the food . the dining area was lacking . service was mediocre .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for a tuesday night , the bar was extremely busy ! the food was awesome but the service was aweful ! ! they need more friendly staff willing to work hard and do their job right . we waited 45 minutes for our food . ( which was great . ) however , the server never stopped over during our wait time or after we got our food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "party of three and we tried the recommended chicken wings that were perfectly cooked the way i like'em ( crispy ) . i tried a pumpkin type ale which was very good and cold . i tried the apple salad which was really good . my pals tried the chicken tortilla soup which he thought was really good . they split the pastrami sandwich that looked really good but just gave it an ok. over all very pleased & would not hesitate to return if in area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is absolutely wonderful ! everyone who works there are always a joy to talk to and make your trip here worth while . the food is excellent and greatly priced . be sure to check out the bottle shop next door , they have a huge selection of beers ! you will not be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "who am i to think this place would be open at 12:30 during lunch hour on a monday in such a low populated place as mcknight road area in the north hills ? silly me . went here because of the good ratings and i was in the area that day . the family and i pulled up and sure enough , closed ! it opened at 4:00 pm . probably should n't have assumed an eating establishment would be open for lunch so that 's on me . okay so i 'm not rating the food or service because unfortunately we did n't get the chance to try it so i wanted to be clear on that but seriously , what bar restaurant is closed during the lunch rush ? so the one star rating is strictly for their silly hours .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "everyone before me has basically nailed it . as an out-of-towner on a business trip in the north hills , i wanted to stop in a nice local bar , grab an appetizer and a drink . hal 's was perfect . great menu and great bar food , at an affordable price . definitely a sports bar atmosphere , lots of tv 's with different games on . the beer selection was outstanding as well . a+ !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "complete hit or miss with food and service . our first time food was great and could not wait to go again . we return and got a waitress who truly lacked customer service training . when we asked her a question about specials it was like pulling teeth for her to spit the information out . from that moment we should have left but we decided to ride it out . every time we order something she had to remind us of the `` extra '' charges . tonight was the first time in 10+ years we have never tipped 20+ % to our wait staff . since we were pre judge and treated less i have a more important tip to leave now . first impressions is everything and you never know if we will be the ones to give or deny you your next opportunity ! we official have a bad taste in our mouths and will not be back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great food . excellent drink selection ! lots of craft beers . plan on it being busy when you go most nights they will have a wait to be seated .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great atmosphere- strawberry chicken salad was excellent ! sangria was very tasty ! also nice to sit outside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great suburban bar . setup is a tad confusing but the confusion is worth the food and beer selection . rather impressive menu with great tastes in everything . can pull beers from their bottle shop , which really makes the experience great . only knock from a 5-star is when a friend of mine asked if there was a brown ale on tap , the bartender ( a server would be excusable , but a bartender ! ) had no idea what a brown ale was . manny sanguillen is often there too , so that 's pretty cool .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the ribs ! they are constantly the same but delirious . i order them 90 % of my visits . wings are great but not consistent . one week we had nice bulk sized wing pieces , then a following week the wing where busted up knar scrap pieces with broken bones and scrappy gwar . dirty martini : `` girl reached her hand into the jar to scoop out a few olives `` sounds gross after she might have touched 10 dirty plates , refilled 10 pint beers and felt the urge & tinkled a bit and she has a std . then reach by hand into a jar for a dirty martini . i will as do stick with the bottled beer", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great bottle selection and bottle shop next door . vegetarian options too , which is n't common at sports bars . lots of tvs with pretty good sight lines . there 's also a very large tv at center of bar which is great for the game . i 've had their crispy seitan and garden burger , both of which i recommend . the only thing i do n't like is that it 's too dark inside . this is okay for watching the game but it 's hard to see other people and it makes the window light way too bright at the front . the wait staff are very nice and attentive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "solid menu , great draft choices , and excellent service . sports bar theme but very family friendly atmosphere . we were able to enjoy dinner with our two small children with no problems . wait staff was awesome and the food was right on . one of the best kids menus i have ever seen , our kids actually ate their food ! 5 stars and an a+ for hal 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and my fave bar to visit ..great waiters and waitresses good service and food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a chicken caesar salad that was really good . wait was long , but it did n't really matter because we had some drinks and there was a big selection . this might not need said , but kids might not love the dark and loud environment ? went to the bottle shop after which is why i have 5 stars . great selection", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i like it here . the food is good and the atmosphere is fun , perfect for watching sports . they have a great beer selection which we enjoy . i particularly like their pulled pork . they always have seasonal beers , like pumpkin in the fall . beware , there is no cell service , at least for att .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited here from out of town ; when i looked up bars in the area i found hal 's . what a gem . great sports bar , great beer , great food ( had the grilled pastrami & oberon sam adam 's summer - excellent ) . only thing was it was , it was crazy crowded ... so i decided to check out a few other spots from my google search - struck out 3 times before realizing i was in the right place to begin with ! ( apparently many bars in the area can still allow smoking hal 's does not ! ) ... so i went back , and had a great night . the staff were very friendly and personable , especially once the crowd died down ( and quite attractive as well ! ) . i would recommend to anyone and will definitely return whenever in the area again ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love hal 's . me and my friends go here every wednesday for wing night . we love the wings here . parking is getting better as hal is expanding his lot . the people that go to hal 's is great ... there 's hardly ever riff raff that drifts in . there is no smoking , which is great . the owner is a great guy , he actually cares about his customers and goes above and beyond to make people happy . he is actually ordering a beer to put on tap because a friend of mine has asked him about it a couple times . the waitresses bartenders are both good looking and are actually good at what they do , which is a rare package anymore . i highly recommend hal 's , it has a great ambiance and most people love the atmosphere . family friendly as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although the food is pretty good , the service in the bar area absolutely stinks . i come into the pittsburgh area 3-4 times per month and occasionally stop in this establishment for a few beers and get take out . it 's a good idea to ask for another beer when your current one is half full for if you wait till its empty you will wait forever . i regards to takeout , my food sat in my line of sight of over 20 minutes until someone came over and asked if i needed another beer . i declined and said i was waiting on my order ... then they went to where it was sitting and brought it over . i asked for it to be remade since it was already going to be cold and the barmaid gave me attitude . i am done with this place . good luck hal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "allgemein das essen ist lecker , die preise sind angemessen . das ambiente ist nett , bei gutem wetter l\u00e4sst sich die sch\u00f6ne terasse des hauses sicher exzellent nutzen . der wirt und sein team geben sich gro\u00dfe m\u00fche , die probleme der anderen rezension d\u00fcrften `` kinderkrankheiten '' beim ablauf im restaurant gewesen sein . wir waren seit dem ersten besuch schon mehrfach da und werden auch sicher wiederkommen . bedienung sehr netter wirt und team , die sich m\u00fche geben . wir hatten keinerlei grund zur beschwerde . das essen lecker , ausreichend gro\u00dfe portionen , leckerer wein ( ruhig den wirt nach einer empfehlung fragen ) das ambiente nettes haus in echterdingen , klein aber gem\u00fctlich und eher schlicht eingerichtet . sauberkeit alles bestens . ein sauberes bad ist m.m.n . sehr wichtig und sagt viel \u00fcber ein lokal aus . hier war alles in ordnung .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was recommended by the hotel staff and they did n't let them down . tapas were delicious and service was very friendly with excellent english . the shrimp are excellent as is the chicken and pork . everything , especially the fresh bread works in the scampi sauce . will definitely hit this again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "vegans : this is actually a vegetarian friendly menu and a v vg indicates the status in print . there 's nunerous vegan & vegetarian items on the buffet and they 're well marked . wow ! dal , curries ( there 's a dark red condiment type sauce to make it hot as you like ) and tandoori vegetable . do n't miss the eggplant curries & noodles on the buffet either\u203c awesome . do n't you love the ethnic food options we get in these progressive college towns ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place needs more love from other yelpers . really . it 's been a while and they only have 7 reviews . after learning that mirch masala was closed down , i was sad . this place has left some good impression in me . the food is good and the lady owner is nice too . so , i was ecstatic when they finally re-opened on state street . yay . it is even closer to my apartment . state street needs some indian restaurant and woohhoo : mirch masala is here . if you are craving for some indian food in the middle of the day , come to mm for their lunch buffet . they have a quite selection of menu . not the best , but it is pretty decent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted to love mirch masala . i really did . i tend to hate buffets as i love my food prepared to order . in this case , the food actually had pretty good taste and flavor . the problem ? most of it was cold . not luke warm , but actually cold . there were four of us and we all had the same complaint . this was the real downer of mm . we were also well into their lunch service at about 12:30 , so it was n't like we marched in as they opened . the service was pretty mediocre too . if i go back , i 'll order off the menu and skip the buffet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i used to go to the mirch masala on the square very often for a good chicken tikka . they have moved to this location since then , located above the well known bubble tea shop on state street . they have a pretty good generic indian dining menu which is expected . from the popular tikka , tandoori , samosas , pakoras to any `` curry '' dishes that people like . however , they do a $ 9.95 buffet supposedly 7 days a week . i went there for sunday lunch and was offered that or a regular menu and decided to try the buffet . the buffet selection was decently sized with a number of good selections for both vegetarians and meat lovers . there were soup , samosas , pakoras , 3 vegetarian curry dishes , goat and chicken options , tandoori chicken , rice and nan . bonus is the the selections of chutney and also papadum ! also if you are into indian sweets , there are the classics as well ! very good value and tasty food at the same time , will definitely come back again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not the very best indian food i have had , but is delicious nonetheless ( technically it 's indian-nepali here ) . i have been for the lunch buffet only , which is a fantastic deal , especially with $ 1 off for showing a student id . the naan is always delicious and the spread is very consistent . usually multiple meat curries as well as multiple veggie dishes and a salad station . you ca n't miss the gulab jamun for dessert- moist , sweet balls of dough in a rose honey sauce .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a fantastic addition to the neighborhood ! we 've been to the new location twice for dinner and once for lunch and could n't have been more pleased . the food is lovingly prepared with high quality ingredients and served by some of the most genuinely kind and professional waiters in madison . i especially recommend the lunch buffet ( 11-3 ) . at ten dollars it 's really a steal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went with my son , husband and very picky mil with our dogs . sat outside . food was very good . we had chicken tikka , goat curry , samosas , naan and saag paneer . everything was amazing and fresh . mango lassi and good beer too ! knocked one star due to bathroom .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the lunch buffet is a great bargain for all the delicious indian food that you can get . the chicken tandori is excellent , along with the aloo naan when they have it on the buffet . the mango ice cream is a nice dessert . it 's also a bit off the beaten path on state street where it 's easy to find a table without a wait during the school year .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mirch has a great student lunch buffet with a pretty decent variety of foods ( including the classics such as chicken tikka masala ) at a good price ( and student discount ) ! ! ! my main caveat with this place is that the food is toned down compared to other indian food that i 've eaten . i 'm not sure if this is to cater to the diverse student body , but for more flavor and or spice , there are better indian restaurants in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was my first real indian food experience , and now i 'm addicted . the food is fantastic , definitely recommend the chicken tandoori ! it 's got a great location , great staff , and i think it 's family owned . we 'll definitely be back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved loved the food ! everything was just too amazing ! for $ 10.50 , i think it 's one of the least expensive buffet i have ever had : ) very impressed", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really enjoyed this restaurant . it has an awkward open layout , but i 'm slowly discovering that most restaurants on state street do . i guess it 's just dat college vibe ! food was good , satisfying and at a decent price . went for dinner and what i really wan na do is go back for the lunch buffet to try everything ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant used to be on the capitol square but moved a few blocks down a state street two years ago . no wait for a table on a summer saturday evening , and the menu has several dozen entrees ; i had a lamb and vegetable dish ( the waiter asks you to rate your spiciness preference on a scale from 1-5 ; i went with 4 and it was n't reach-for-my-drink-after-every-bite overwhelming ) and my companion went with chicken curry . portions were a little above average in terms of quantity , the lamb was tender , as was the chicken . the drink selection was good ( beer , wine , etc ) and the service friendly . we 'll be back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a really nice place with a plethora of choices . as a vegan there were more than the usual aloo gobi for me to have . service was good and seating was easy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here with high expectations but turned out feeling just ok with the meal . nothing special , and the food portions were very small .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very good food . nice atmosphere . very clean . friendly . sit inside or out side on a balcony . smells as good as it taste . good buffet fresh foods . i will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved it . nicest people in the world , fantastic naan , and the cheese in the mattar masala was heavenly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so so good . went with 3 people total and ordered 3 different dishes and a bowl of rice . got the chicken masala , vegetable mango and one other dish . we also got garlic naan . the food was plenty for the 3 of us and we even had extra to go . really you ca n't go wrong , the waiter we had was awesome and gave great descriptions of everything . i would highly recommend mirch masala .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by for dinner , they had amazing chicken tikka masala and gulab jamun . my friend choked , completely his fault , and they offered to give him anything on the menu thinking he was upset . such amazing service and a great family owned restaurant ! will be back again very soon : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were very happy with the quality of the dishes and it satisfied our taste for indian food . the beef vindaloo was spicy and flavorful , the biryani fluffy , and all the sides were yummy . they offered mango ice cream for dessert , along with pudding and some hot items , very good . great price , well worth the stop : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best indian food in madison , in my opinion . i am so glad they reopened ! the samosas and garlic naan are a must . my boyfriend always gets the tofu buff , which is fantastic . i love the malai kofta . the service has always been great too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mirch is my goto indian food restaurant . i get the tikka masala and it is a good size and consistently tasty ( i go here pretty often ) . i will say on friday or saturday nights it can get busy and the service is slow at those times ... but understandable and my service has always been polite . they also charge for naan , which kinda sucks , but this seems customary in this area . it is always hot and fresh . i recommend maybe getting two orders if you are sharing and really like naan .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered the vegetable curry , and though it tasted good , it was really greasy . my friend got the chicken madras , and there were literally 6 pieces of chicken in a soupy sauce . not worth what we paid- maharani is way better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "honestly they have of the best chicken tikka masala 's in madison ! i 'll be coming back for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is ok not that good.. i guess it has a very big advantage due to its location.. hence d good rating..i have been here only because i was in downtown and wanted to eat indian..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "simply delicious . stopped in for the lunch buffet and had the tikka masala , spinach chana and chicken biryani . everything was fantastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed eating the food here . they had a great variety of food , and it all was very tasty . the mixed vegetarian platter was very diversified and all the options were to my liking . we also ordered chili chicken and panner marsala . both of them tasted absolutely great , and the genuine taste of the food was enjoyable . but the crazy person in me asked for extra spice , but the way the spice was added felt as though it was after it was cooked , and did n't feel like it mixed in with the curry and hit really hard kind of ruining the taste . but over all the experience was quite enjoyable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a hidden gem ! the food is amazing and the service is incredible ! would recommend this place to everybody", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was good , but extremely spicy ( we asked for very spicy ... ) . super fast delivery on a weekend night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what this place lacks in ambiance it makes up for in food . tasty , savory , exotic and free-flowing food . we stopped in here for the lunch buffet and were pleasantly surprised . it 's tucked into a nondescript location on the second floor of a strip mall . there are simple tables and not much going on , other than a nice little buffet . the food is great here , and the value is incredible . two of us ate like kings for $ 20 , and were very satisfied .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "extremely disappointed with the food here . the service was great and the atmosphere was nice , but it does n't make up for the terrible food . the biryani here was inexcusably terrible . corners are cut here it seems . not only was the food very overpriced , but the quality of was very disappointing . anyone looking for decent indian nepalese food should look somewhere else . 14 $ wasted .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they listed on the website , menu , and yelp that they were open seven days a week , so we drove about 45 minutes to get here and then paid for parking only to find out it was closed without any sign of explanation , just the usual signs that said `` open seven days a week '' and showed the hours for the day we arrived , also assuring it should 've been open . i 'm sure the food may be good and so i gave two stars just with openness to that possibility , but it was no holiday , and i think customer service could have communicated somewhere that they would be closed today . we missed the other lunch buffet we were considering eating in the area because of timing and having driven into downtown traffic .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very clean ! buffet looked great , especially since the buffet closed in 10 mins from when i got there . they did n't have old dishes just sitting . i ordered off the menu . veggie masala and samosas . both were great ! samosas were nice and crispy and the filling was delicious . i eat a lot of samosas , and these are in the top 3 ! the curry was well flavored and veggies were fresh ! i was very happy i stopped here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good , authentic indian food . wide selection of dishes to satisfy the herbivores , omnivories , and carnivores . tip : they have a 5-level spiciness rating system . unless you comfortably cook with ghost peppers as an ingredient , order one level down ( less spicy ) than what you think you want .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered lamb masala and got a dish that had a few pieces of boneless lamb in `` butter chicken '' sauce . probably the worst indian restaurant in madison .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the chow mein is very similar to what you find in india , but there 's not many options for vegetarians overall . for vegetarians , it 's a pretty decent indian place and now that it has moved to state street , it 's much more accessible .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we were skeptical at first - there were only 2 parties in the restaurant at 5:30pm on a saturday evening , but the dining room slowly filled as we were eating . wait staff was attentive and food was prepared in a reasonable amount of time . food was super yummy and our almost 2-year-old son could n't get enough of the dahl soup mixed with rice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably the best indian food i have had in a while ( coming from a guy who has been eating indian food forever ) . visited this place during my first trip to madison and i was extremely impressed . although it was n't all that fancy and super premium , the food was absolutely amazing . pure desi flavors , spices and thick gravy had me sipping my fingers . it is run by students working near university of wisconsin and they certainly love what they do . highly recommended if you are a vegetarian stopping . try ordering less appetizers because they were your typical indian appz instead order a few more traditional curries along with some naan or rice of your choice , some pickle , papad , and most importantly onions ! best recommend you carry out if you are distracted by the ambiance because it does not have ambiance and it is a little out of order .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the lunch buffet is soooo worth it . if you 're a college student looking for a decently priced , delicious meal , i definitely recommend going here ! the curry selection is great and the tandoori chicken is made really well . i was n't too impressed with the desserts . overall , definitely worth going to !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i keep getting disillusioned with what a bagel because of the prices . a medium container of cream cheese is $ 13 . a challah bread is $ 5 . yikes .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "omg , best ... tuna ... sandwiches ... ever ! i ordered mine on a small challah roll and made record timing devouring it . they have a great selection of bagels , rolls , etc and a simple yet satisfying menu . the staff are really friendly and it 's conveniently located on eglinton w. the only thing is that because of its size , this place feels more like a bakery , where you order something and take it home . it does offer a small section with tables but probably ca n't seat more than 6 people at one time . there is a picnic bench conveniently located right outside , which is seasonal as you can imagine . i have n't been to their other locations but i 'm sure their bagel sandwich selection is just as good . if you 're ever in the neighbourhood and fiending for some good eats then make sure to pop on by to this little bagel hotspot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this 4 star rating is exclusively for their deliciously fresh and soft bagels that i pick up early mornings almost every weekend . i buy my bagels literally straight from the oven when they are warm and melt in your mouth . add a little smear of butter and it 's a great way to start the weekend . i 've become so accustomed to the consistency of their great bagels that i refuse to buy anything else from this place , lest i be disappointed . perhaps their challah bread is not the best ? who knows ? the proprietors are great people too : very friendly and hospitable . thank you what a bagel for helping me start my weekends right .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the only reason i gave this a 1 was because march 29th was a customer appreciation day . they were supposed to give out 6 free donuts . it said so on the website , including this address . i wanted to feel appreciated , but this store was not open . yes , i was there during their `` open hours '' . i was extremely disappointed because i went out of my way for this and walk away empty handed . yes , i know , i 'm a sucker for free food . it 's the perfect bait to kidnap me ... not that i 'm suggesting to be kidnapped . on the plus side , i did see a lot of bagel place around this area ... . a lot a lot . it seems like this part of toronto just love their bagels . so do n't fret if you come to this place and they 're closed . they have tons of alternative bakeries in the area to get your bagel fix .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bagels here are pretty good . soft yet crunchy but 4 stars bc a small everything with vegetable creamcheese turned out to $ 4 ! a little over priced but the person that made my bagel was very generous with the creamcheese . i would def come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have fairly good bagels , and decently priced if you take them to go . however , if you get condiments and cream cheese the prices go up like crazy . i 'll stick to tims until i can afford this place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is what my family gets for our bagel brunch tradition after we fly in to visit relatives . this los angeles native and jewish kid loves what a bagel !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "generally , i like the components of the `` what a bagel '' chain . decent , fresh bagels , good traditional ( jewish ) pastries and great stuff for the bagels . a variety of cream cheese , and above average tuna and egg salad . some have an excellent salad `` bar '' . ( not self-serve , but made to your preferences . ) this one , however , seems like a stock room for one of the nicer ones . it 's small , cluttered and a bit frayed around the edges . the basic ingredients ( bagels , toppings ) are of the same quality , but just in much smaller quantities and selection . the moral ? do n't come here expecting the wab at leslie and york mills or yonge and eglinton . if you want some bagels to go or a quick tuna sandwich , this place will do .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "thanks to derek r. 's review , i thought i 'd add my $ .02 . it 's been awhile since i last dined here ( at least a couple of years ) , as i try to support non-chain restaurants these days , but i enjoyed the few dining experiences here , solo and w relatives . servers were always friendly and efficient . tables , chairs , booths , and women 's restroom were clean . if you 're one to check out those mailers that arrive in your mailbox from time to time , you 'll know that 5 & diner usually has bogo offers on there ( buy one , get one ) . years ago ( '03 , '04 ? ) , this very location sold , during christmas season , upcoming new year calendars that had cute 50 's theme pics . each month 's page offered coupons such as bogo , free children 's entree with paying adult , or a free shake w an entree . does anyone know if this promotion is still running every christmas season ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really dig this place . what a treat ! everytime i go here , its just so much fun . the theme of this place is straight out of the 1950 's . i like that . they have a full menu of breakfast , lunch and dinner . the staff even dresses like it was the 1950 's too ! they have table , booth and bar seating here . i usually drop in for breakfast , but have eaten lunch and dinner here as well . i 'm sure eating here is probably not the best thing for me , but theres something fun about getting good food that i can not pass up . i think its a very unique place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never had a bad meal here and the service is awesome . i recommend `` lucy '' as your server . i only come for breakfast but am always happy . i 'm here right now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just love this place . the country breakfast is always a hit with me but even when i deviate and have something different i have been very happy . friendly service and easy parking make this a very regular breakfast spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "people with long legs , please avoid this place- the seating is extremely cramped , hubby and i could n't face each other and sit without getting uncomfortable with our legs . i love their 50 's diner theme and everytime i go there i seriously look for something interesting on the menu but to my dismay i 've never had one thing that stands out to me . their waitresses are perky but the less-than-average food for breakfast can make you feel queasy for the rest of the day . for those who still wish to go there in spite of my review , i 'd sincerely suggest that you avoid the waffles and the coffee .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i usually love places with a 50 's diner atmosphere and walking into this place , it was no exception - it 's cute . the jukebox , booths , decor , etc , etc make this a fun-looking place . the food ( i had a burger ) was okay , but nothing special . on another occasion , i went in with the sole purpose of getting a chocolate malt to go for my boyfriend and it was over $ 6 for just a malt . that was the point when i realized i would never be back to 5 & diner . i think that 's outrageous and hell , they 're almost robbing you .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my wife and i had a rare opportunity to have lunch together and as usual could n't decide where to go ... after driving around for a few minutes we stopped at 5 & diner . the staff was really really nice ! super sweet and attentive . we were seated right away by the first person who saw us walk in the door ( he was n't a waiter ) . i had the chicken salad with bleu cheese dressing ... it was good , lots of chicken which was crispy and tasty ... the dressing was good as well . i 'm picky when it comes to my bleu cheese dressing - this was not too mayo-ey . morgan had the eggs benedict and i 'm pretty sure she enjoyed it - she ate it all . i would come to this location again if i was in the area and could n't decide what else to eat again ; o ) four stars for great service and decent food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ugh . had the mediterranean omelet . eggs were so overcooked they even looked rubbery , not to mention the taste . the artichokes were hard . the feta cheese was dry . flavors were odd . the only appetizing was the toast , and they do n't make that in house .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my ex-boyfriend really favored this little 50 's styled diner and we always got breakfast when we went there . it 's clean and the staff are friend , but there was n't anything on the menu that really stood out . just greasy eggs and hash . what took this review down to 1 star was the egg white and spinach `` omelet . '' i do n't know what that thing was really made of but it looked like a big green and while football sitting on that plate and had about that much flavor and the same density . pretty disgusting . i did what i could to dissuade him from this place any time i could . icky !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "received a coupon in the mail for a free entree and decided to try it out . i got the buffalo chicken quesadilla and the boy got the blue moon burger . he said the burger was pretty good . my quesadilla had good flavor , however i could feel my arteries clogging with every bite . there was so much cheese and i did n't realize the chicken would be breaded and fried . probably obvious to most , however i did n't connect the dots . i ate half and took the rest for the boy to eat for lunch the next day . everything was clean , service was friendly , food was good . i love that you can pick two songs for 25\u00a2 , i only wish we had the chance to hear the songs we picked . next time , i 'd love to hear a little incense and peppermints .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "much to our chagrin this location is now closed ! ! drove from se gilbert for chili omelette so disappointed ! at least the other locations are apparently staying open . guess we 'll have to go to tempe next time we have a craving", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am very fond of the way my sun kissed highlights turned out.. liz did my highlights and also gave me a haircut . i can tell she puts so much effort and care into doing the best job she can do . she is truly an artist at what she does .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always have a tough time having my hair cut.. i always leave crying . not this time ! ! ! leeanne gave me a neck and shoulder massage which calmed me down . she cut my hair exactly the way i wanted . i made my husband go with me because i get really nervous and they were also very polite to him . very nice to have liz welcome you as you walk in . very nice girls . you got ta come here ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here a few times to get my hair cut usually by liz , she always does a great job with my hair , which is curly and generally uncooperative . you get a neck and scalp massage before they wash your hair , and it 's an aveda salon so of course it all smells awesome . there 's the full run of aveda stuff for sale as well , and while they 're knowledgeable of products , they 're never pushy about selling you stuff . they offer you a drink of coffee or tea while you wait to be seen . i 've never had any need to order flowers , so i ca n't review that part of things . seems like there 's a variety of things to choose from , and it always smells nice : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing therapist ! facial and massage are amazing ! buy a groupon ! they will honor that price in the future ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i did n't live a days drive away i would be here every week . owner robin borsa is an accredited doctor of naturopathy and an excellent one at that . services & products are reasonably priced and very , very good . i 've been to all kinds of spas in all kinds of places and this is the first one i wish was in my hometown . not a fancy shmancy expensive spa , just a darned good one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had various facials here as well as microdermabrasion and dermaplaning . the services seem to be inconsistent in terms of quality ( ie . my last facial dermaplaning was not very good ) . the spa offers limited services and scheduling can be difficult because they never seem to answer the phone and instead attempt to communicate by having employees send text messages regarding issues and scheduling . the noise from the waiting area and front desk can be distracting . i would recommend going to a `` real '' spa for professional services and a more relaxing experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what a fantastic experience ! dr. borsa was so kind and had such a gentle touch . i felt wonderful and so relaxed when i left ! i will certainly recommend her services to others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tend to hop from spa to spa here in the valley but have now been back to ageless mi spa three times . from facials to dysport , this place rocks . they are very reasonably priced , the services are excellent , your visit is never rushed . get on their e-mail list so that you get all the specials and i bet you will not go elsewhere again . the physican knows the facial muscles like the back of her hand . just a sweet , relaxing clinic with a great staff . very private .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "timyko is very knowledgable and the products they use are wonderful . i had a dermaplane treatment followed by a facial which was very relaxing . services are very reasonably priced . i had a peel , and timyko contacted me a few days later to make sure everything was going well & if i had any questions ( no other spa has done this ) i will come back again & again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found ageless mi through a living social coupon and i am so happy i did ! the environment is calm , welcoming and my facial was soo relaxing ! timyko was so sweet and knowledgeable . she walked through everything she was doing , the products she used and their benefits and told me about a few future services that can help me . their pricing is great too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank goodness i live right by el ranchero ! ! ! i am delighted and overwelmed by the quality of food , timeliness of every order placed and great prices . this is authentic as it gets and the staff is ready to assist your request .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to el ranchero a couple times now and have had great food every time . my business is right around the corner so it 's real easy for me to pop in for lunch . miguel and cortez are both great there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent ! small and quiet , friendly staff and amazing food ! the rice is especially delicious . the salsa has a kick and hit of lime- devine ! the chile relleno was delicious and presented beautifully . the chicken fajitas were marinated and moist and juicy ! check out the women 's bathroom for a laugh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great ranchero meal . i lived in mexico for 9 years and this food is the closest thing to bcs i 've had in the states . miguel , the owner is a super friendly guy and eager to please . they will have liquor starting around feb 8th 2012 or so . do n't pass them by , stop in for a good meal or order to go and please your pallet at home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the workers here are all very attentive . they let you sample without huffing and puffing , and their prices are more than reasonable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best popcorn place by far ! owner is extremely nice and all the workers are very personable . if you like cheese and caramel mix , get it here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love their popcorn ! ! ! ! i 've tried from so many places and the kopper popper is the best ! if you have n't yet , you got ta try this akron staple !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "birdsong is definitely a favorite location for imbibing . for one thing , they have some crazy good beer . cough jalape\u00f1o pale cough and another , gratis peanuts . please and thank you . patio is rad , bathrooms are clean and accommodate more than one person . always a plus for me . i love that you can see behind the scenes from the taproom . additionally , their growler refill prices alone keep me coming back . you 've got to be kidding me ! they put the other guys to shame . great place to enjoy a pint or grab some beer to go . i 've recently become a huge fan of their brown ale as well . cheers !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved visiting here . nice and quaint on the inside and really great to sit outside under the awning on a nice day . first brew i ever tried was the jalape\u00f1o pale . it was so intriguing and welcoming standalone or with a meal . great little bar on the inside . they take credit cards with square . do n't worry about having cash unless you 're a tipper like my wife and me . stoked to see the future brews these guys churn out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had no idea this place even existed , but found it when visiting the noda brewery right across the street . holy cow , charlotte has something really great with birdsong ! the people at the brewery were fantastic ... i even met the guy who made the hand-carved tap handles , which are quite artistic . all of the beers i tried were great . i was a big fan of the jalapeno pale ale ... not spicy , but the flavor of the peppers was very apparent . i also really enjoyed the american pale ale . nice amount of maltiness , and nicely smooth . i did n't try the ipa , but i 'm not really on the ipa bandwagon like most people are these days . definitely a spot i plan to visit again , just to hang out and talk to people . it 's refreshing to see the charlotte beer scene growing like it is right now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "birdsong was our second stop on our tour of charlotte 's breweries and we picked the perfect day to check it out and i really enjoyed the relaxed atmosphere . it happened to be the day of their spring saison release and the place was pretty packed . they have a small indoor tasting room with a fun selection of board games and other novelties and a wonderful covered , outdoor patio . on that day they had an awesome bluegrass band playing and a great crowd of people . i ordered a flight and really enjoyed their lazy bird brown ale and higher ground ipa . they had also done their ipa randallized with fresh mangoes . i was shocked at how flavorful the mango was and absolutely loved it . for some , it was too sweet , but i love seeing this type of creativity in local breweries !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "birdsong is my favorite brewery in noda . i love the atmosphere and the huge outdoor patio . the bartenders are always very friendly and willing to help you find something you 'll like . though i was sad when my favorite beer got discontinued , but such is life ! i love that we can bring our dog here , and she loves all the attention she gets . they do n't serve food , just the free peanuts , but there is usually a food truck parked nearby or you can bring your own . definitely a great chill place to spend a few hours hanging out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friday night was my first time visiting birdsong . i am not a beer-drinking , so i can not review on the beer ; however , this place is great for group get-togethers . they do n't serve food , but there are food trucks outside always and you can bring the food with you . if you are looking for a place to go with a group of your friends , check out birdsong !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice little place . i do mean little . but they have a nice spacious outdoor seating area . i 'm not going to lie , i 'd had a few too many beers at this place and can not for the life of me remember what i drank , all i know is it was 7.5 % alcohol and was delicious . will go back again for sure !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "birdsong is located down a small alley with an entrance around the back of the building . there is a large covered deck upon your entrance - mostly in the shade . although i did n't take it in recently , i have to imagine it is perfect for lazy weekend afternoons..or weekday for that matter . inside is a small , long room filled with beer geeks and lots of potential axis and allies . glance behind the bar at the chalk board for today 's taps and make sure you try to the jalape\u00f1o pale ale if they are pouring it . give me some pico and some chips and i 'm getting drunk on this stuff . i went for a couple pints of the higher ground ipa based on table recommendations and have to say , it 's a winner . i 'll definitely be enjoying birdsong brews for some time to come !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "another micro brewery in noda and another decent place to pop into for some day drinking or relaxing with friends . i would say this place is probably the smallest one i 've visited here in town so keep in mind it can get pretty crowded . also they have a hard time of keeping the bar area cool but they were kind enough to try and help our group specifically by putting a box fan by our table . that is great customer service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i organized a brewery tour and a beer tasting for my brother 's birthday . birdsong brewing was very helpful throughout the process , and could n't have been nicer . not enough businesses these days take the time to respond adequately to customers ' queries or concerns ; birdsong brewing is a rather refreshing exception to that rule . in my experience , they are ready and willing to work with you in planning a great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to birdsong one friday after work with some friends . beers were reasonably priced and everyone seemed to have a good time , including me . although it was a little small inside , i would definitely come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "medium size tasting room with free peanuts and bags of cheesy waffle fries . friendly bartender helped us pick beers for our flight . the thyme flavored beer was the hidden surprise . i would order an entire beer with the light almost club soda effervescence and gentle but significant thyme note . the jalepeno was too savoury for me . not at all crowded at opening time on a weekday . enjoyable stop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "met a friend for a few pints . good stuff . had their pale ale and the rustic suasion . the pale ale was very good ( light and crisp ) but the rustic was even better . cool industrial feel and friendly staff ... met 2 of the owners during my short visit . def go back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "last night i tried one their seasonal rotations based on its name . i 'm a huge radiohead fan , saw `` fake plastic trees '' listed , asked no questions , and ordered it . the fpt has surpassed bell 's oberon as my favorite summer beer . their lazy bird brown ale is another crowd pleaser and can be found on tap at most local restaurants that have good sense and even better taste in local beer . you can buy their brews by the pitcher if you decide to stay a while . they sometimes have a guitarist playing covers outside on the back patio . on the weekends , stop by king of pops next door if their warehouse doors are open . their homemade , healthy , inventive popsicle flavors are a neighborhood favorite . always plenty of parking , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "birdsong was the final destination on an afternoon of charlotte brewery explorations . we were over at noda and were on our way to our car and saw the sign for birdsong and my husband and i agreed , why not give this place a shot too while we are already here . when we got to birdsong there was a band playing out on the deck , they have a nice sized covered deck . we proceeded to go inside and inside is a nice little tap room . we sat up to the bar and had a jalape\u00f1o pale ale , my expectation with something called a jalape\u00f1o pale ale is that it is going to be a bit spicy ... wrong . it was really good and you know the smell of peppers whenever you first cut them ? i got that smell and taste , which was surprisingly good in a beer . i recommend trying it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great beer to try ! fun flavors like jalapeno pale ale . the staff inside is nice and friendly . i was able to get a t-shirt with no hassle at all . the outdoor seating area is wonderful . birdsong is next door to noda , so you should definitely check it out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great band . great beer . hell ... creative beer . big sunny porch . awesome band . oh ... i mentioned the band and i am drunk .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love birdsong . it 's a great , comfortable little place to relax and have a delicious beer . the bartenders were incredibly friendly , we really enjoyed chatting while trying out the variety of brews available . while i did n't dislike anything i tried , i particularly enjoyed the no quarter porter and the higher ground ipa . oh , and the peanuts . because i love peanuts . and while the beer is a muscle relaxant , the peanuts will help you to replace some of the protein you 've lost from the matter transference beam . almost no one will get that . seriously though , if you 're visiting the area and you like beer , you need to go to birdsong . other places too , but definitely birdsong .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was the last stop of this year 's santa brewery tour . it was a great way to finally visit charlotte 's latest brewery . the space is cozier than the other breweries in town , which is nice because you can feel more at one with the beer . ahh , zen is a good beer without the distraction of everyone else . the apa is good , but my favorite on this visit was the raisin rye . it 's def not for everyone as it is a bit heavier , but who cares about the others , i liked it . the beer providers were very friendly , but the glasses were warm . next time i 'll get there earlier and , hopefully , they 'll have cold glasses . til then , salut !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there are breweries that follow the perfect formula to be an awesome brewery and there are breweries that are awesome breweries . birdsong is an awesome brewery . porch that looks downtown and the rail yards : awesome . gentle badasses as staff : awesome . delicious brews : awesome . this is a must stop for charlotte brewery connoisseurs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to birdsong about a month ago when i was visiting charlotte . the beer selection is awesome ! i tried a beer flight and they were all tasty but the jalapeno pale ale is my favorite . the tap room bartenders are super friendly too ! you can even ask for a tour of the brewery to see how they make the beer . i love birdsong !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "despite being a crowded saturday night , our group was able to get a beer right away , have a table to stand around , free peanuts to munch on and we were even invited to do a little sidewalk art . the servers are friendly and engaging , and the beers are top notch . what else did you want ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "neat location . i like that they 're trying some really different types of beer but i wish they would just pick a few and focus on those , i feel like they could be better . it 's pretty decent beer but sometimes inconsistent across styles . i do think its improving though since i first visited . edited : i have been here several more time and they have really improved their beer . recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went with a party of 6 on a lazy and hot sunday afternoon ... no ac on a hot day . : ( out of 3 of their 5 beers . : ( no jalapeno beer . : ( ( seriously if they would have had full taps i would have been fine with the no ac ) food trucks not there on sunday ( and they do n't serve food ) : ( will have to try again and give a second chance ( on a different day of the week ! ) -but i will call ahead and make sure they have their beers on tap this time !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "as sad as i am to say it ... . i was n't really impressed with fantasy delight . i had been waiting months and months for winter to end ( which honestly takes forever in ohio ) and was full of pure joy when i say fantasy delight had opened . so i went running ... and left a bit disappointed . it was just ok . the service was sub par and the ice cream was expensive . sad , but true .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cash only ! ! ! ! i get all the bad reviews . cause the staff is n't friendly or whatever . but come on , it 's order at the window ice cream , how friendly do they need to be lol i think the lady is funny , she brings character with her wild hair , makeup , and jewelry . i come here solely for the frozen yogurt . trust me this delicious creation that they make as its ordered is worth a 50 mile drive . i get the fat free sugar free strawberry banana and let me tell you , it does n't taste better for you but it is . they have other good flavors like oreo and all that too if you want more fun . do n't expect much from the seating or anything , but enjoy yourself some good ice cream and be happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would n't even give this place one star . fantasy delight is by far the worse ice cream shop i have ever been to . the older workers there are out right mean . getting snotty with two customers is not delightful . anyone thinking on stopping i 'd go to the local dq or somewhere else . if you work with the public you should have a lesson in respect , it does n't matter who you are . i felt discriminated against leaving that place . it 's horrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped here after leaving the water park . delicious ice cream ! my son had soft serve custard with sprinkles , loved it . it tasted very creamy , great flavor ! ! my other son had rainbow sherbet . all smiles ! cute place . large portions . will stop back again ! ! thank you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cool little ice cream stop . clean , fun and priced right . nice little stop to sit outside and enjoy time with the family . nice selection of ice cream and other treats . will come here often once i move to the area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good ice cream , good variety of items . cash only . closed during the winter . open mon:2-10 , and tues.-sun . 1-10", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place pretends to have frozen custard . someone actually argues with me that they did have it . frozen custard is a cold dessert similar to ice cream , made with eggs in addition to cream and sugar . in the united states the food and drug administration requires products marketed as frozen custard to contain at least 10 percent milkfat and 1.4 percent egg yolk solids . if it has less egg yolk solids , it is considered ice cream . [ 1 ] in the united kingdom frozen they do not use eggs therefore it is not custard . also , i ordered frozen yogurt peanut butter flavor and i could barely taste the peanut butter . it looked like there was cookie crumbs in my yogurt probably from not rinsing equipment before making mine . would not suggest this place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered the fat free sugar free blueberry frozen yogurt and it was the best thing i 've ever had . i love how it had the nutritional facts and had an option for a little bit healthier ice cream ! would definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what 's with all the bad reviews ? ! ? my husband has many memories of coming here as a child and i 've been there a couple of times . service has always been friendly and prompt service . it 's convenient and in a good location . we look forward to returning this summer !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food smelled and had clearly expired . when i explained this to the woman at the counter , she dismissed me . then i told her that two other people smelled my soft serve ice cream and agreed with me . she got rude and stated that it was fine . that 's not what you would expect from a restaurant . i would never go there again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is horrible i ordered a peanut butter cup ice cream bowl , and the lady hand me a bowl with just a glob of peanut butter on it . i said `` this is suppose to be peanut butter cup , '' and she rudely said that 's what it is . i looked at my boyfriend like dumb founded and said i did n't want it to just take it off the bill . the women was so rude she slammed my boyfriends butter scotch drink on the counter and said 6.99 . which did n't even taste like butterscotch it tasted like water down vanilla . for a small so of course i argued with her that 's not what the sign said . and she just told us to leave which we gladly did . this place is awful . the workers are awful . will never come back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "locally owned businesses do have a sweet spot with me . this one reminds me of the many similar locations that dotted the landscape before the chains took over . service has always been efficient and friendly . this is useful if you come when a youth baseball team checks in after a game . wide variety of items that satisfy multiple tastes . my kids really like the place and request it by name .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we have lived here for 20 years , we will never return here for family fun ... we have lived thru all the nasty signs that greet you when you order . `` extras cost extra '' , spoons $ 0.10 , knapkins $ 0.05 , `` if your child drops their icecream it 's not our problem '' . so we ordered a kids sunday for my daughter and it came in a shot glass size cup ... really ? the owner is nasty and cheap , plenty of other places to go to !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is the reason reviews exist . i was quoted $ 200-250 for a transmission service over the phone . the next day that same service supposedly would cost over $ 500 on the same car , and would do me no good according to danny . he said i 'd be better off paying $ 3000 to fix a very small shift issue i told them about . dude is a crook , he never drove the car , never looked at the engine , and asked me $ 3k . i 'm embarrassed for him . absolutely look elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first choice hair salon should really be called last choice . everytime i go there , instead of cutting my hair with scissors , they use a shaver and i look like a monkey . i 've learned my lesson after 3 visits here . on the contrary , another family member loves this place and goes here all the time . so i guess its a matter of perspective , but i wo n't be going there again , anytime soon . costs about $ 14 a haircut", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my daughter has long , poker straight hair half way down her back . she went in to have 2 inches cut off . she does n't have it tapered , just straight across . when she came home and i looked at her hair , it was cut on an angle , i 'd say it was off by 1 2 - 3 4 of an inch . is n't cutting hair straight about the simplest thing you can do ? how could they not notice ? or did n't they care . so i had to drive her back then wait for 45 minutes for her to finish with a client and it was obvious that the chinese hairstylist was angry that she had to correct her mistake . did n't even apologize .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been getting my hair done at first choice for a long time . i 'm always happy with the results , the barbers are extremely nice and are very talented at what they do . their hair products are expensive but are extremely worth it , keeps the color in my hair locked in . i definitely recommend first choice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a fan of first choice . over priced and not the best quality hair cut . go on those coupon deals only if you want a cheap cut . the barber mary was very nice she did a good job . but was not pleased with the atmosphere there . one of the head barbers when i came in did not even pay attention to me until a few minutes later . unless offered a good coupon , will not be returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of the best malls in the north west valley ! it has a good variety of stores , with new ones preparing to open up . the building itself is well kept up & clean . my daughter & i love grabbing a latte or frappuccino to sip on while we shop & if we really want to treat ourselves we stop at sweet daddy 's on the way out & get a couple of delish cupcakes to go : d some of my daughters most visited stores at this location are : a\u00e9ropostale charlotte russe tillys some of mine are : ann taylor loft victoria secret kitchen gourmet there are a lot more shops , apple & coach included , but i 'm going to spare you having to read a store directory in my review , lol . i would recommend parking in front of jcpenny ! there are always fewer cars there & either i have some awesome luck , or there is always a really close open parking space waiting : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "please arrowhead mall stop filling up the bottom floor like its tijuana . i hate going to this mall now because every few feet i have people yelling at me trying to get my attention to buy their goods at their kiosk . i have 4 hair straighteners already ! i do not need you to straighten my hair . no i do n't want your diamond makeup ! i am not interested in a time share or phone case . please leave me alone ! my whole shopping experience is ruined and i would rather just go to amazon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am afraid arrowhead will soon face the same destiny as metro center . it is nice for a change to find some nice shops on the west side also but i am skeptic about the future . i do n't go to arrowhead mall often , but seems like every time i am there there is more sketchy characters that are having a little too much fun . i hope i 'm wrong ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow , it must be a first-time mall experience for the reviewer before me . five stars for arrowhead ? are you kidding ? i find this mall to be average and boring with many middle of the road stores ( dillards , sears , gap , tilly 's , forever 21 ) you can find elsewhere at other westcor malls in the valley . nothing really strikes me as distinctive at this mall - other than the fact that it 's the nicer of two indoor shopping malls on the westside . so for 500,000 people this is the only game in town unless they 're willing to drive east . the store mix and food court are pretty typical . in fact , i rarely go here unless i am in the area , need socks or undershirts and or i 'm trying to avoid the lines of the other arrowhead paradise bakery .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place overall , but still got the old shabby kids place . kids area has torn down seating for the parents in the perimeter . its in desperate need of replacement . i assumed they would replace the old torn down kids toy also after several months of removing them , they place the same stinky toys back for the kids to play . it 's the families that invest their money here . in turn , the mall should invest that money back toward their kid 's play area . place smells like urine . it 's unsanitary and they should clean the area once a week or something to get the germs out . what happened to the hand sanitizer ? why did they take that out ? great job placing a restroom near the play area . the restrooms are clean very time i am here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i came here on a weekday and was surprised on how packed the parking lot was ! i even had to retort to a comment ... `` do people in arizona get off work early or something ? '' ... .. it was crowded for an early afternoon , it was sort of shocking . the mall seems huge and empty at the same time . the ground floor is where all the awesome stores are at . they had an apple store , and a sephora . but of course , the only mall acceptable to me is a mall with a nordstrom in it . this did n't have one . for those who shop at forever21 , i found a a huge forever21 , that 's 2 stories and looks like a macy 's from the outside . but thank you arrowhead center for giving me something to do in the midst of the really scorching hot weather outside . oh . they do have a cool looking food court . looked really clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "arrowhead is definitely one of my favorite malls . i think it has a great selection of stores , more so than many other one 's i 've seen . the bathrooms are kind of gross and unkempt , and it can get ridiculously crowded , but i 've never had any other problems with it . there is plenty of parking and the outside is beautifully kept .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great mall ! good stores too ! i have been coming to this mall for years . they have done a fantastic job not turning ghetto like every other mall older than 10 years !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely going downhill . the teenagers ecerywhere & gangsters & cars being broken into in the parking lot says a lot . i 'll drive far out of my way to only shop in scottsdale . it 's a shame the apple store is inside the mall .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great selection of stores . easy layout . lots of activities .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "goo selection of stores and i love people watching at this mall . try chevy 's next to the food court . great tacos and cadillac margaritas and happy hour . great deal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like this mall , it 's pretty clean and offers a different variety of stores . in the summer it 's nice to have somewhere nice and air conditioned to walk around as well . stores i enjoy are macy 's , the vans store , sephora , apple , the disney store , sees candy , the amc theatre is awesome with their leather reclining chairs , cotton on , the limited , motherhood maternity , and the raw 33 stand for bath essentials . i also love that trader joe 's is in the same parking lot . there are so many options in one small area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for being pretty much the only shopping mall in the area , this one is n't too shabby ! has all the stores i need : sephora apple store teavana ny and co torrid bath and body works build a bear disney decent food court : paradise bakery chipotle my big fat greek orange julius great steak typical chinese places it 's pretty much always busy and parking is a biotch at times , but nowadays where is parking ever easy ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the closest mall to me . the mall has most of the stores i like , it is always pretty clean , you can always find parking , and hope to have more stores opening .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "omg , just saw the most awful thing at arrowhead mall ! a mall security man ( short cropped hair , short , old man ) harassing two elderly women about their service dog . they had a prescription from the doctor for the dog , yet the old man had another guard start harassing them in front of everyone at the food court . if i were those two poor old ladies , i would contact an attorney and sue arrowhead mall", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really like arrowhead mall , its one of my favorites . the layout is very helpful and you can see other stores from either side of the mall and all have easy access . i like the fact that it also has an apple store . my favorite stores are american eagle and footlocker . and for my wife they have all the rest ... so she can go crazy shopping . it keeps her busy haha ... and when we are tired of walking . they have alot of restaurants to choose from : ) so this mall has it all ... and its close to where i live so i dont have to drive out to az mills or fashion square mall ... unless we are bored ... then the drive out there will be worth it", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great mall with plenty of stores and a decent food court .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a-ok . plenty of stores of various items to keep you walking around and stimulating the economy that makes our civilization go round . i 've been to nicer places , but do n't mind coming here . there 's definitely worse places in town .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fun shopping vibe ! a quick and easy go to spot i can find most of my favorite stores .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enjoy coming to this mall mainly for the kids play area . its not as crowded or rundown as some of the other ones . the shops are typical mall shops . a little too pricey for me . i do enjoy the food court and the selection they have .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "shopping ! the mall was crowded ! we hit our favorite stores and then we were out ! it 's nice to see the updates and improvements !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good mall to spend the day . it has a lot of stores..forever 21 has 2 floors which is nice . they have a children 's play area but it needs to be expanded and upgraded if you ask me . the food court has a lot of choices . there 's also an amc movie theater at the ground level with reclining leather seats .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "past it 's prime ... but still a decent mall . it is definitely more upscale when compared to metrocenter and spectrum mall . not as many `` gangsta '' guys or ghetto girls . security is almost nonexistent , though . the food court is always packed and there is a great variety of places to order food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best mall next to arizona mills . arizona mills has more entertainment aspects but the new remodel at arrowhead is mimicking some of those things with the train rides , ride in animals and bungee jump . this mall has great shopping and always bustling with people . they 've added an indoor outdoor aspect to their food court . i 'm only disappointed that they have not updated the children 's play area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love arrowhead . the mall ( glendale ) and all the eateries on the opposite side of the street ( which is peoria ) this is where i live and work basically .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a very busy mall . they have an excellent food court that i did enjoy while i was here . i live in the north part of phoenix and so it is n't a mall i frequent a lot , but it is sometimes convenient for me . there really is n't anything too original about it and the food court is definitely the top thing here . i will continue to go from time to time if i happen to be in the area and need a gift or clothes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cool place . there are a lot of teenagers floating around . either , they 're getting younger or i am getting older ! it 's nice that they are remodeling this mall but man , goodbye childhood ! at least they still have my favorite stores !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice mall with a good selection of stores and places to eat . the playplace is nice and big so it does n't tend to get too crowded . it 's a comfortable mall , not a dump , but not too upscale .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "normal mall with something always being moved around or added to it . this seems pretty common for the mall over the last few years . tons of cloth shops . the food quart has tons of selections and if you are in the mood for something else there are tons of shops and restaurants across the street .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to the henna stand and irene had great customer service and had great prices ! she was very nice and patient and good to talk to ! definite would recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i guess this is the best mall option for people in the west valley . a lot of places around arrowhead also make it an attractive shopping and dining destination . pretty much all of the big box and anchor stores are in the mediate area , although driving across bell at anytime of the day can be a major headache . i think it could be a lot better . then again , it could be a lot worse . arrowhead towne center itself could use a little bit of an update . it was built in the 90 's , but feels even older .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great stores and eateries . place is kept clean and the location is convenient but can get extremely bad in terms of traffic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "being new to town , i 've gone to a half dozen beauty salons in the area and have been sorely disappointed with every one of them - until i came here . the technicians take their time to do a great job , they use top of the line products so that the quality lasts longer than their competition , the ambiance of the salon is just beautiful , and best of all , their staff is friendly , fantastic , and they care about you leaving happy . i highly recommend beauty calls - i 've been a customer for months now and will never go anywhere else . : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming here for over a year . the technicians are very friendly and do a great job so my nails always look their best . today they are installing a new 70 inch hd tv to enjoy while you get your nails done . i may never leave now ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is literally walking distance form my place , and i 'm so thankful for that b c it 's officially my new nail salon . mostly opi products . got gel mani and their upgraded hot-stone spa pedi ... came out to $ 64 . i 've paid more for a lot less . friendly staff , clean and modern environment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had the most amazing experience had my nails done by a wonderful tech ! everybody was extremely professional and the place was very clean and neat . i called ahead of time and they were able to squeeze me in and get my nails done for family pictures ! i got acrylic and gel and a flat gray and they turned out amazing ! i had a picture of nails in mind and showed a picture of them to the tech and he made my nails look even better than the picture ! thank you so much for a wonderful experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going here for a year now . i love it and well worth the low prices they charge . each technician is excellent and i 'm always treated like royalty . i highly recommend this salon and a big thank you to sandy the owner . she 's awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "can here sunday , on tuesday my nails was cracked by wednesday it popped off . i came to the nail salon and they told me they are way to busy and to come back later ! none of my nails are even my one is longer then the other , different shapes if it was n't for me being here for 2 hours while getting them i would have made them fix it , with patients running thin i left . i live 45 mins away from this place only reason i came the first time was because of a friend that lives near by said they were good . i asked for my money back to have this horrible job fixed somewhere else they told me after you pay they dony do anything for you . argued with me about my nails in front of people . then when the man that did my nails said he would fix it the lady snapped at him say why did you do that i told her to wait 30 mins ! talk about horrible service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got a pedicure with my mom while she was in town . great pedicure . will be back for more services !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this nail salon , i 've been going for years and they are awesome . i always get compliments on my nails even weeks after they were done . i recommend it to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place . they treated us very well . nails looked great and got one of the best pedicures ever . very clean ! waxing was great for the price . better than some specialty waxing places . prices were excellent . we will be back . johnny my nail tech was very friendly and his work was great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place gave fabulous service ! ! i took my daughter for a manicure treat and we sat side by side and had our nails done . they took their time and gave great gel manicures . lovely did a great job on my nails ! we will be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i normally do n't give a bad review but this place is absolutely terrible ! i went there for a pedicure and it was awful ! i was told the wait would be 20 minutes and i 'm a very patient person but it took over an hour for them to get to me and my pedicure only lasted about 17 minutes ... . really ? ! ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible service , actually kicked out my mother in law for coming in with laughing kids who were kept entertained by me . extremely slow in the work process . distracted easily . never going again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place ! people are always friendly , remember your name and what you want . very clean and prices good as well ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved to mesa from florida about 9 months ago and wanted to find a good nail salon . i am so happy i found beauty calls ! the employees are so nice and friendly , they really want to make you happy and they listen to what you like ! prices are great , lots of polish color options and the salon is clean . i go to tulinh but i have also been with 3 other employees and they are all great ! definitely have to give them a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my amazing friend roomie jeff surprised our other roomie sara and i to a mani pedi . super nice guy ! he works just down the building from this shop and has gotten chummy with the employees here . 3 stars for the wonderful treatment and lovely polish colors . not 4 stars because my polish only lasted 3 days . super bummed . i loved my `` pool party '' awesome pinky-orange nail color !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went to this place for the first time and did pedicure and manicure . it was a heavy set lady who did my nail and she did a terrible job ! the next day i went back because my toe nail polish came off because it did n't dry good . she fixed it and after four days i went back to fix my fingernail because the gel and nail polish lifted ! weird ! she was very rude when i went back and while she was trying to fix it , she cut my skin ! : ( i paid $ 56 for both pedicure and manicure and service i got was ghetto ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place ! relaxing , clean atmosphere with efficient , courteous staff . i stopped in on a whim for a pedicure and they got me in right away . decent prices and my technician did a great job ! i would definitely recommend this salon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wanted to love this place . they did an ok job but the design was n't what i wanted even after i tried to communicate it several times . i eventually gave up after it was already on my nails . he was gentle but hardly filed shaped my nails . so some are rounded and some are squared . also , the lotion he used smelled like men 's deodorant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best service ever ! the fun in going to this place is having the extravagent servers prance and dote all over you ... my boyfriend was even thoroughly impressed by our spanish server `` enrique '' i thought the food was fantastic , it felt very european to me . i loved the twin lobster tails my boyfriend loved his salmon the stuffed shrimp were also very good dessert was amazing after dinner almond liquor shots were provided complimentary at the end of the meal ( but i 'm allergic ... booo ) so yes , go here . it 's pricey . but i think its super fun and awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was such a disappointment ! the service was so slow and you could n't always understand the wait staff . when you asked them to repeat what they said , you now had it repeated to you with an attitude . the food did n't have much flavor . we had the stuffed mushrooms as an appetizer and it tasted like a blob of white bread was stuck in the middle . i had the broiled pork chops and they were so overcooked you could hardly cut them with a meat knife let alone chew them . the `` spanish potatoes '' are nothing more than kettle chips . the rice had no flavor what so ever . the wine selections are quite pricey . i will say that the dressing on the salad was tasty and the after dinner shot was probably the tastiest thing we had . we were extremely disappointed and felt like we should have just taken a match to the stack of money this cost us .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the tuna ceviche was excellent . the lobsters were cooked perfectly . get the atrium spanish wine , it 's light , not too much tannin , and a little sweet to the palate . it has a classy dining atmosphere and the servers were friendly and attentive . they brought out two shots of spanish imported liquor for us at the end , free of charge . so delightful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service , always a great place to visit . we enjoy spending time on the patio in the summer and because of the service have made this our go to place . thanks again for the great service and as always great food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "spanish and portuguese . this place is great . the staff is always very formal and cordial . this place can be cramped at times . however , the food is great . i enjoy seafood so i am pleased to find an assortment of fish . i went with four people and we all enjoyed our food . the food was fresh and tasty . the portions were ample and not intimidating . living in nyc , i found the bill cheap . if you are in cleveland and in the mood for iberian food , check this out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "coming from a spanish family , i had a lot of expectations when dining at mallorca . the menu was ok but not as authentic as i was expecting -- no fabada which is one of my favorite dishes . we started with the mussels in spicy sauce -- it was ok -- sauce was not spicy but had that spanish white wine red sauce taste which seemed promising . for our entrees , we ordered a pork in osso bucco style and stuffed trout . the pork was cooked well , but the sauce was tasteless -- a very bland tomato sauce which did not marry with the pork at all . the trout was even worst -- stuffed with a mayonaisse crab that tasted a few days old ! the trout was then drenched in a butter sauce that when combined with the mayo seemed just too much . i had a lot of expectations and they were n't met even half way . i would recommend against going to this restaurant there are a lot of other really great restaurants in cleveland..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what 's up ? went in with 4 middle aged couples . we sat at the bar , the birthday girl among us wanted a spanish coffee . we waited 10 minutes for the barmaid to take our drink order . 4 of the 8 ordered the spanish coffee and were given empty glasses and were told it would be a couple minutes because she could not light them on fire and would have to wait for a server ( ? ) . well it only took her 3 tries to make my beefeaters rocks and by then another 20 minutes elapsed . still no spanish coffees . lol.. we called the barmaid over again , she told us they were to busy now to make those kind of drinks.. ahahahaha , its their specialty . oh by the way they also could n't change the channel on the tv to football game . not saying they would n't , they `` could n't `` sheesh . guess i 'm glad we did n't do anything really complicated like order a meal . we left and to another place.. our sad birthday girl will have to wait another year .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing time at mallorca ! excellent from the time we entered until we left . the food selection was great . lots of specials . the staff was very well versed on menu and wine list . i had paella which is one of my favorites and they outdid themselves . large portions . friendly staff . will always return when i am near .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have dined at mallorca twice , 14 years apart , and both experiences were very enjoyable . the food was excellent and the service was outstanding . i must say that the first outing exceeded expectations due to the fact that peach wine was served after dinner - compliments of the house . after discussing this to the manager , he promptly provided my dinner party with complimentary wine at the end of our dinner . the little things to go above and beyond keep customers loyal . i would highly recommend a trip here - it is worth your time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we tried a couple of tapas which were fine , but we were impressed with the seafood casserole with saffron rice . and split it - it feeds about three people , honestly . impeccable service , classy place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm a little bit of a snob here because i lived in spain for two years.. so i 've had these foods homemade . having said that overall great place . to those who have not had it homemade , tasty food and good service . beware , you get huge side dishes of rice and veggies and salads to start , so you will probably over order . get a rioja red wine , there 's one for 30 $ bottle and it 's a good dry wine , well known in madrid .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it all starts with the service . our server treated us as if we were his only customer . took plenty of time to go over specials and explain the entrees . i highly recommend the stuffed salmon . the others at the table had the goat , chilean sea bass and pork medallions . great choices and not a bad dish on the table . $ 208 for 4 people with 2 appetizers and 2 drinks apiece .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great restaurant . not only was the food amazing . the staff was exceptionally friendly and accommodating . it is rare to have such a friendly staff nowadays who seems to actually enjoy being at work . my boyfriend and i will definitely be coming back , and will definitely be bringing friends to share the experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will never return a lady friend and i decided to give this place a try on sunday 3 12 17 afternoon it took a long time to get our food after we ordered we ordered the stuffed shrimp entree with veggies & salad & we ordered a garlic shrimp appetizer the place was empty and it still took 30 min to get our food and when we got it everything was cold i do n't know why it took so long it was only 2 other customers in the entire restaurant its unsafe to serve cold food my friend and i had upset stomach after eating this mess never again will i spend almost fifty bucks with tip for this crap", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went to mallorca on a thursday night , quite early for dinner , so it was very quiet , it was definitely a romantic setting as well . the general menu was more continental in flavor , and some of my spanish favprites were missing ( no paella ? oh no ! ) . their specials menu showed more spanish influence , in my opinion , and was almost an entire menu in itself . we both ended up ordering off of the specials menu . the food was fabulous when it arrived , and the sangria and desserts were to die for ! the waitstaff were exceptional as well . i would recommend mallorca to anyone in cleveland .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really more like a 3.5 , but here are my impressions : plusses : extensive , reasonably priced wine list great atmosphere attentive servers unhurried but food all come out together as it should for our party of 10 lots of fresh fish specials healthy portion sizes fresh tasty bread and butter ( chilled as i like ) good appetizers - we enjoyed the calamari , huge scallops wrapped in bacon , and sauteed rock shrimp convenient location near stadium and other downtown sights parking right across street negatives : no one in our party was `` wowwed '' by their entree choices ; as others have said flavors were somewhat bland desserts- again good selection but little drawing on the spanish cuisine ; tiramisu was respectable lots of specials , but waiter not well served in the various preparations of such exotic things as baby goat and ostrich , prices fair but all entrees $ 20+ enjoyed my experience overall and would certainly give it another try , venturing out to different menu choices", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mallorca is my favorite restaurant in cleveland . not only is the food wonderful , it 's the experience . enrique is passionate about his service and to hear him recite the daily specials is amazing in itself . we come here for special occasions and are never disappointed . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have no problem giving this place five stars . when a place like this ticks all of the boxes , i really can not think of anything they could add to push themselves higher . close to the centre , but far enough away from the maddening tourists . went in here to grab some food and drinks before whisky fringe . it was quiet but the staff were excellent . some really good beers behind the bar and excellent offers on beer and food combinations . i did not eat here but the folks that did enjoyed their meals . great decor , comfy seats . i would not hesitate to stop in here when i am next through to edinburgh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "atmosphere good - somewhere between 'traditional pub '' and `` shabby-chic bar '' . i was immediately happy with the nice selection of beers on tap , including several cask ales . service at the bar was friendly and attentive . we were there for an event which included large platters of finger foods - onion rings , nachos , chips , haggis balls , that kind of thing , which is not really my kind of thing , but they seemed to be done well enough . i 'd definitely be up for a return trip to give the regular menu items a try while drinking more of their tasty ale .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "menu has promise but seemingly running out of belhaven best on a friday night , being unable to serve a good quality pint of deuchar 's and describing mcdonaldsesque fries as `` rustic '' chips means there 's room for improvement .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stopped in on the way home from a play for drinks and was thrilled with friendly service and comfortable atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lora is great ! the space is beautiful , she works with my schedule and was able to give me a hairstyle that actually functioned and looked great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "haylie is the best ! my fianc\u00e9e started going to her a few months ago , and i quickly followed suit . she is a mind reader because i generally just tell her to cut my hair to make it look better as far as directions , and i always love what she does . she also genuinely listens and remembers past conversations that we have had so i always feel like a valued client . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this salon is great ! awesome decor , a relaxed atmosphere , and extremely friendly and attentive staff . jackie macias was my stylist . or as she politely corrected me , `` hair magician . '' she was engaging , confident , and fun to talk with . her english is fantastic . and so was the haircut . i work with jackie 's older sister who referred me . everyone loved my new cut in the office . 10 10 would totes recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had numerous stylists over my many years and by far lora is my favorite and the best . my cut always looks perfect , clean and well shaped . i have paid a lot more in other pricey salon 's and was not happy with the results . plus , after much consternation on my part , i finally convinced myself to let her color my hair . this is something i never would have considered in anyone else hands or salon , i trusted her that much and it turned our great . i would highly recommend lora to anyone looking for a great stylist who knows how to listen and deliver a quality haircut and service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i chose the salon because it was around the block from my house . i stayed because it 's awesome ! giselle is so patient and so talented and i have never left anything but super happy . everyone is warm , friendly and flexible . the salon has an upscale vibe without being pretentious and i could not more enthusiastically recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "0 stars . the old man overcharges on every transaction . check your receipt . he overcharged the guy in front me $ 1 and the customer was very upset . and what do you know , he did the same to me . when i told him he took my credit card receipt and walked to the back . they laughed about a freakin $ 1 , the shop is breaking the law here . beware ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it was sunday morning . this is inside the food court . my bf and i walked here from the trump hotel . we ordered the thai wrap , which came with curly fries and a drink for under $ 10 . the wrap was good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what can i say , it 's fast food in vegas . come with low expectations so you can leave not disappointed ? gyro platter . the lamb was too salty for my liking , but the pita bread was warm and soft since they heat it up just before serving . give it 5 minutes though and it got cold and hard so eat it fast . the tzatziki tastes like sour cream with no flavor . they offer olive oil for your salad . comes with fries . generally , a below average meal , nothing to boast about .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the cashier , roger , took my order was super enthusiastic , helpful , & friendly . when i walked up he was offering samples & i took one expecting it to be cold with no taste , i was proved wrong . they also sell delicious smoothies as well ! i was asking another employee about the different sauces in the wraps & he heard me and even hooked it up with the hot sauce ! definately coming back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was really looking forward to a caesar wrap so i came here . after tasting a chicken wrap sample , i was sold . when i sat down and took a bite , i instantly gagged . this was the saltiest wrap i 've ever eaten in my entire life . now i 'll have to spend the rest of my vegas night bloated from all the sodium i digested .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered # 5 which is gw crispy chicken wrap ! it was amazing , very very tasty ! i live in la but i would defiantly recommend and come back to this place ! it is located in the food court inside the mall : ) the gentlemen ( art ) who helped us was very nice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here often . i always get the euro wrap which is very fresh and good but after today i am done . these people are never friendly especially the horrible black cashier who stared at me from the minute i wake he up . the rest do n't speak english . this place loves to charge you extra for all kinds of little things ... it says `` combo '' with a photo of a coke and fries and then they say oh fries are extra . well then what is a combo ? bullshit . it 's bad business to nickel and dime and flat out dishonest to charge more after you said the price no matter how much . do n't give these people your money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place , it 's my go-to when i 'm hungry at the fashion show mall and i do n't wan na pay for over priced food for no reason . everything is fresh made to order , i always get the chipotle wrap on a tomato basil tortilla . it 's like one big fat short burrito cut in two . their a little skimpy on the fries but that 's ok . the fries are just like hooters curly fries and go great with their little tapatio packets they give you . next time you 're in fashion show mall , just think ... non-dollar-menu items at wendy 's , or great wraps ? great wraps ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i tried a sample they were giving out and i was suprised i really liked it so i bought a wrap , came with fries and a drink . not so expensive . it filled me up . if i ever go back to that food court at the mall , i 'll prob eat that again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "why am i at a food court in vegas ? well , we were super hungry and needed to eat quick . there are long lines for this place but it 's just ok. fills my stomach but leaves my taste buds wanting more . seriously , make time to go to a good restaurant . it 's vegas !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "located in the fashion mall food court , i stopped for a big breakfast while waiting for a friend . $ 4.75 for 2 eggs ( mine done over easy ) , two pieces of bacon ( or sausage ) , a bagel with cream cheese ( choice of onion , sesame , or wheat ) was more than adequate . however the best part was fresh squeezed orange - it 's why i 'm giving 4 stars . omelets and other breakfast choices are available . do n't know that i 'd do lunch here , but would do breakfast again under same similar circumstances .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "whenever i am at fashion show mall and i am hungry , i usually stop at great wraps . every wrap and sandwich i have tasted has never been disappointing . it is a cheap and tasty . my favorite is cheesy chicken wrap . one cool thing i do is order fries and ask for one of their sauces to use as a dip . my favorites are the honey mustard and the chipotle sauces . one sucky thing is they charge for refills . overall , this is a great way to start or end a shopping day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "20 $ for two breakfast platers is a great deal ! ! it is very good and filling . two eggs , bagel and cream cheese , sausage , and a hash brown .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first meal in vegas ... great wraps . we were n't super hungry and since we 'd been walking around fashion show mall we figured - what the heck . out of all the food court options , great wraps had the most promise . we got a couple wraps - buffalo chicken and gyro . both were alright , but nothing spectacular . the buffalo chicken wrap was way too sauced and it bummed me out . the gyro was surprisingly tasty for what it was . price wise ? maybe not so worth it . but maybe that 's what i get for going to a food court .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "as a gyro connesuer i had to try one at `` great wraps '' . not very good for what you end up paying . skimpy on the meat and the tzatziki sauce was bland . menu board is not what you pay because they charge extra for things that should come standard on a gyro .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow . this place was supremely under-flavored . i have never had such a bland tasting gyro . while eating the lady next to me had an emotional support pet that would n't even eat the french fries . not only that , but the super racist african american cashier was the icing on the disappointing cake . she had her bluetooth in her ear he entire time and would n't even look at us . i could n't tell you what she said us but i do know she mumbled and rolled her eyes awful lot . i had to experience this terribly racist woman and then suffer through their terrible product .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i give this place a 2 , the picture menu is very deceiving . i ordered the baja chicken bowl . it looked very festive and yummy on the menu , not . it was bland , had no taste until i put the chipotle sauce on it . i did n't get any salsa , just super disappointed , i paid 8 $ bucks for this . should have went to chicken connection like o always do . thought i 'd tried this place out . smh", "score": "2"}
{"review": "its aight . nothing interesting about it . no one was in line = bad food . it 's your average wrap fast food chain .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "no lie here ... .great wraps is part of the reason that my mom and i frequent las vegas once a year . i guarantee this will be the most delicious mall food you will ever have ! personally , i love the number 5 . whatever that gw sauce is , it is undeniably amazing . my mom is a big fan of the caesar wrap , which is pretty awesome as well . this place beats every other fast food place by a mile ! great wraps is friendly , quick , delicious , and fairly priced . can i trade a california in n out for a great wraps ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cheap and on the strip . the old man at the cash register was really nice . my fiance is a vegetarian and she had a delicious falafel hummus wrap .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is pretty shady on the fact that i was asked if i wanted `` everything with that '' which cost +1 dollars . it looked like a regular gyro with lettuces , feta , tomatoes ... wtf was the extra dollar charge for . pretty sub par food . small portions . its just bad . this is probably why there is no line and well the meat aint rotating ... for close to 9 dollars this is a rip . its near the strip so things are more expensive , but this is just a bad deal all around", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had the classic gyro wrap and it was quite good . service is average for a good court , not extra friendly or rude .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "six of us stopped in here for lunch earlier this week . our service was actually quite good , maybe because we got there at about 11:30 . an hour later the place was jam packed . they do have a take out counter if you 're in a time crunch . they had quite the variety on their menu , greek , burgers ... even grilled cheese ! my friends told me they 'd disown me if i ordered grilled cheese at a mexican restaurant , so i got the chicken fajita salad . this salad was so big they had to carry it out on it 's own platter . the chicken was cooked perfectly and all the veggies were fresh . the other folks at my table ordered some of the $ 6 specials of the day ( tacos and burritos ) and those looked really tasty as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what 's a matador ? nothing fella i just do n't want to open up because the food behind me is horrible . seriously the food is really bad . we live in az . how can a mexican restaurant get mexican food so wrong ? should my beans be orange ? i got the chilli verde burrito enchilada style and the beef was a disgusting color of salmon and did n't taste any better than it looked . service was great . i was served promptly and and my food came out quickly . that is the only reason for the two stars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went here awhile ago and have been meaning to write a review ever since . i went with my family when they were in town . i 'm a sucker for a strong margarita and good guacamole and i was fairly unimpressed by both at the matador . the ambiance was kinda nice . it had a weird feel for a mexican restaurant , but i 'm into variety so that was ok. basically , it was average . not spectacular . the fact that ( i hear ) it 's a family place that 's been around forever does definitely lend some cred to it ( for me at least ) . but i would say it did n't wow me by any means .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "terrible service . arrived at 2:30 pm . plenty of seating . sat inside for ten minutes with no service . moved outside and sat 15 minutes with no service . waiter was aware he had customers , just did n't care ! told the manager and she feigned surprise but did n't do anything about it . she was sitting at a table with three other employees gabbing . i suppose her conversation with them meant more to her than serving customers . we went next door to steve 's and received excellent service and food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i almost did n't go there for dinner because of these bad views and that would have been a big mistake ! the food was extraordinary ( we had enchiladas , shrimp fajitas and my friend had the tamales ) . we ordered a pitcher of margarita and it was very strong on the tequila . i 'll definitely go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've only ever had breakfast here so i ca n't speak to the rest of the menu on any given day . that being said this was the 3rd time . i love their chorizo and eggs , flavors o'plenty . yes i am a fan and will continue to be . the place is very clean and the servers gave me all the attention i could possible stand . parking as with any downtown eatery could be a little problematic but quite doable if you allow enough time . this is one of those favorite places that you go to again and again when your coming from out of town and you do n't want to eat at a chain establishment and want some local fair ... i travel a fair amount an you ca n't get a breakfast like this in the mid-west or back east . it 's always truly enjoyable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "matador restaurant was not great but the food was good . i ordered the beef enchilada dinner . before my entree arrived i was given the standard chips & salsa . before i could get the bottom of the chip bowl my dinner was already on it 's way over . service was prompt and fast . the enchilada dinner left much to be desired for the price i paid ( nearly $ 12 ) . it was no better than your local hole in the wall joint where the same meal will be much cheaper . the restaurant itself was pleasantly odd . it looks kind of like a mexican themed diner with a bar attached at the other end . matador is not a place i would go out of my way to visit and would not top my list of places to take friends and family but if you 're already downtown and want to hang with friends and family go ahead and give matador a shot . just expect to pay a bit more than your local place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice looking and clean , but a bit pricey . we ordered the gyro sandwich platter which was ok ( i had better in the pita palace in the fiesta mall ) . we were seated quickly , but things slowed down after that . our waitress acted like she 'd rather be somewhere else and was molasses slow to boot . i do n't know how their mexican cuisine is , but overall our experience was so-so . maybe well go back one day and give them another chance ... and then again ... maybe not . update 2 16 12 service and courtesy greatly improved to which i added 1 star to my previous review . however the chimichanga dinner i ordered was bland ( it came with rice , beans , sour creme and guacamole ) ; the dinner was n't bad , just bland as far as mexican cuisine goes ... it felt like it was missing something . overall i 'm still iffy about the food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is an emotional review . we have gone on vacation to sedona twice and both times we have come here for mexican and a pitcher of margaritas before we drive from phoenix to sedona . it is the start of a wonderful week . the food has been a solid 3 stars both times but the pitchers of margaritas are cheap and pretty damn good . they have a decent patio . this place makes me happy lol .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very old-school . large portions and friendly staff . good salsa and fresh chips .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was good - nothing extra special . i like that you get guacamole with your meal and that they have lingua on the menu . i will have to go back and try it . the things i did not like were they sat our group of 10 right by the server station . it 's awkward to overhear their conversations . the service seemed a bit lackluster . it was almost as if they were not intrested in a big group coming in . our server was pretty good , but not overly friendly . i will definately try this place again and update .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so this is n't the best mexican food in town by far , but it is n't the worst either . my sister works just down the street from here , so we have met for lunch there a handful of times . the decor is pretty old school and the menu is kinda all over the place with mexican and american dishes , but they do the stand-bys pretty well . the lunch specials are really the only reason we go back ... .two enchiladas with rice and beans is like $ 6 on thursdays ... and the service is so fast that if you are in a rush , you can still go to a sit-down place . they have been there forever , so they must be doing something right .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here several times for various work lunches . while this is never my first pick , i do n't mind eating here . typically , the service seems a little slow during lunch ( even when they are not very busy ) , so do n't go if you are short on time . while most people go for the mexican food , which i think is ok , i heard once the owners are actually greek and that is why there are some greek items on the menu . not sure if that is true , but i decided to try something a little lighter than my usual mexican dish . surprisingly they have a really good greek salad and pita bread !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been here twice , and i cant say either time was a thrilling experience . one thing i can say as a plus is the bartenders at lunch are always friendly and quick . the food so , not so great . i can never eat it all , the portions are extremely generous , but it 's never very high quality . just kinda seems like it is coming from a slop kitchen , and not really fit for a human . the house margaritas are actually pretty good , and a fair value . i recommend hanging out with a margarita and some chips and salsa ( also pretty good ) and then moving elsewhere for dinner . call me crazy , but restaurants that leave me feeling sluggish and greasy are never my favorites .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "service was slow . waiter knew little about what they served . they did n't even offer sangria . my meat on my enchilada wad tough and flavorless . it 's hard to do mexican this bad , but they pulled it off .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was in the area on my way to the convention center when i stopped in for some lunch . place is only a half a block from the convention center so location was awesome ! i know the place seems to be geared for mexican cuisine , but their menu was a little all over the place . they have sandwiches , mexican food , and mediterranean food . i went with a grilled cheese sandwich , why not . it was a huge grilled cheese on sour dough bread nice and buttery with a huge side of seasoned fries . it was soo good ! i asked for a side of ranch and it was yummy ! i do n't eat downtown to much but if i go to another convention i 'll sure stop in for another grilled cheese .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "judging by the reviews here , it seems like this place is visited more by travelers than locals . my wife & i found this place to get a quick bite after getting our photo at the az capitol ( we have 19 50 states ) . we were on a 3 hour layover at phx on our way to pdx , so we needed something fast . el matador was standard mexican fare that was decent and fast .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been here for lunch and dinner . nothing fantastic , but i always left full and satisfied . i enjoy the chips and salsa and the mexican food is ok . i 've had better and worse . i have n't tried the greek food there ( yeah wierd..greek and mexican on the same menu ) but my buddy tried the gyro and enjoyed it . the service has always been good and the food is relatively inexpensive . its also walking distance to any event in downtown phoenix and they have a full bar so if you want drinks before a concert of game they got you covered .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service was not good , they forgot about us after our dinner was served . chips tasted stale .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in a nutshell , a typical `` americanized '' mexican restaurant . the food was average , something you would have at el torito , acapulco 's , chevy 's , if they still exist . anyway , the waiter was nice and attentive , but the service was slow . i would expect more since you know the bean and the rice are ready and enchiladas are really not that hard to make . again , for what i expected in phoenix , this was not that good . come here only if you do n't feel like driving or walking in the heat .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been going to the matador since i was in grade school . they have consistently good no-frills mexican food and i much prefer it over the chain locations that are around . it 's a nice large location downtown and has been renovated since many of the reviews on here were posted . yes , the service has been slow from time to time over the years but i have n't ever had any more trouble here than at most other restaurants . it 's a locally owned family business that has been in the family for over 30 years . if you 're looking for something gourmet , then this is not your place . if you are looking for the mexican version of comfort food , give it a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "consistently good mexican food in downtown phoenix ! the service is friendly and quick and the food is pretty good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place would be out of business if it were not located next to 3 hotels and the convention center . it is not completely horrible , but i would recommend walking a few blocks up to arizona center complex where they have 3 or 4 different choices . if you are staying at the hotels and need some quick take out , sure this place will work ( across the street ) . but if you are on vacation and planning a sit down dinner , do n't waste one of your few vaca nights here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no bueno on the green corn tamales and the service was terrible for lunch .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i like the matador . the food is not gourmet , but everyone in our group enjoyed it . the prices are reasonable ( $ 10-12 entree and sides ) . some of the wait staff is a but slow , but the place is enjoyable and if you are not in a hurry , just sit back and enjoy . it is actually greek owned and the shrimp a-la-mike is an amazing dish that i have cravings for . i usually order the combination mexican plate . the bar is rather eclectic . the patio is great when the weather is nice . park in the garage ( enter on 2nd . street off adams ) and get them to validate and it is only a couple bucks . i hope my review helps you see there are issues , but also it is a place that i look forward to going to just know what to expect and you will enjoy it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service was very good . atmosphere relaxing . food tasty and reasonably priced . located conveniently by symphony hall .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been going to the matador since i was little when it was a little hole in the wall on 2nd street . they have always had great sonoran style mexican food ! it 's always our go to place when we attend events downtown or have business to attend to . they also have the best hot sauce in town ! as far as the service , the food comes out quickly and we never really have to wait long . if you 're downtown and looking for great food i would highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a very small branch of accessorize and as the other reviewers have mentioned , it also doubles up as a monsoon . i 'm not a big monsoon fan but accessorize is right up my street and if there 's an accessorize about , i will always pop in for a browse . i have to say that this one is somewhat of a disappointment . it 's rather cramped and due to it 's princes street location , gets cramped very quickly and you find yourself falling over the rows and rows of jewellery and other accessories . perhaps it was the time of day that i visited , but it is n't particularly well organised and it made my head hurt browsing as there was just too much stuff in such a small space . do n't get me wrong , i love the accessories but i found myself getting stressed out and overwhelmed with all the stock .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love accessorize . i love their cheapy necklaces , bracelets and hair clips which get super cheap during the 75 % off sale . i bought a little charm bracelet in here for a tenner and i got so many compliments on how expensive it looked . this shop pretty much takes care of your every accessory need and has some nice beachwear which depresses me as it reminds me i am not at the beach . the downside to accessorize is that the shops are so frickin small and dark . obviously as accessories are so small they do n't need a lot of room to sell them in . but on a busy day it is almost impossible to shop in here and you often spend ages standing around waiting for someone to move so you can go for a look .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "full of pretty things ; handbags , earrings , necklaces , scarves , gloves , shoes , pyjamas , notebooks anything which can pass as an accessory . everything they sell is lovely though , you kinda just want to buy everything in the shop . i always shop here for a handbag , they have all sizes with their larger ones selling for around \u00a340 . the staff are very friendly too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so glad to see that accessorize survived the recession ! it 's one of those places that i thought will never disappear ... but then i thought that of woolworths too . as a kid i loved it in here , whenever i got birthday money or whatever i would come here and pour over all the hair clips - i had n't discovered my love for shoes yet . back then the prices were really cheap , but it 's a different story now . ok the quality has improved ten-fold , but the price is a bit ridiculous sometimes . \u00a312 for a hair pin ? ok it 's sparkly but still , no . the staff here are really friendly too and always happy to help ! they always seem to be busy though , so watch out for cramped shop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "with my new found love of accessorize abounding , i had to have a look in this princes street store . it is actually an accessorize monsoon hybrid store , and looks really small when you step in , but stretches right round in a u shape and is actually pretty large . the accessorize section is good , sizeable and easy to move around in , but i was n't as keen on the actual layout of the products . things seemed to be a bit of a mish mash , and certain styles were n't kept together . i did n't actually see an assistant either , which is quite strange as i 'm sure princes street has their fair share of shop lifters . my friend ended up buying a small fascinator with a couple of feathers and a rose on it for a staggering \u00a330 , which i thought was really pricey but then i do n't buy wedding headgear very often . good size but a little mixed up !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "accessorize needs little introduction : all girlie accessories , flip flops , shoes , sunglasses , bits and bobs , you will find here . this particular store adjoins with monsoon which is under the same label- floral prints , airy dresses and what seems like a lot of sequins for the beach . accessorize is worth a browse when they have 75 % off - their jewelry is n't that great quality , although certainly fun and girlie ! this particular store is a bit annoying because stock is literally in abundance from the floor to the ceiling making it a bit of an eyesore and a bit overwhelming to look for anything because you certainly have to browse . also floor space is limited because of the various displays so at sale time it can just get cramped and you can end up being in a que going round and round the shop- not the funnest way to shop i can tell you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this lcbo location is relatively new . well stocked as you can find most of the items you can find in other lcbos . but if you looking for sake or other asian offerings , you might be disappointed ! walk in cooler for beers ... i always like that ! ample parking ... i like that too !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't go to lcbo 's often as i am not a heavy drinker , but the ones that i go to the most are this location and the one on yonge bloor near the subway . as you can probably figure out , the one on yonge bloor is quite small as it 's a prime location and this means it limits the selection and availability as a result is mostly wine and spirits with not too much beer . this location however , is massive , as one would expect being in mississauga . it has a huge walk-in cooler with cold beer and wine that i swear is at least 200 square feet . you can buy bottles cans individually and already chilled which makes it quite convenient so you can sample out each beer before buying a case . overall , i think this lcbo is pretty cool and good for people who do n't have an affinity for just one brand .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "even though this location did n't have what i came in for , i got ta give this place a solid 4 s because someone actually asked me if i needed help . in addition , the took it upon herself to look up which location , nearby , carried what i was looking for ! the blond lady also went to the back to see if there were any bottles in storage . out of all the times that i 've set foot inside an lcbo , this was probably the first time that i did n't hafta hunt someone down to ask for assistance suggestion . it was a bit shocking , actually . bonus : walk-in beer fridge and plenty of parking , as per the new complex .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location is great . lots of parking . walk in coolers with cold beer and wine . the staff is also great very helpful . it 's like heaven with a bar .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as someone who 's neither religious nor jewish , this place was n't exactly on my must-visit radar , but i enjoyed a visit here . we came for the nazi propaganda exhibit but stayed for the permanent collections , which include some great chagall prints , wonderful middle eastern torahs , talmuds and biblical artifacts , and an extensive array of information and material covering jewish history and culture . one big highlight was the focus on jewish history in cleveland . the special exhibit was well done too . i ca n't imagine being a frequent flyer here , but it was much more interesting on a whole than i anticipated .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stopped in here to see what it was about , did n't have time to look but glad we didn't-why pay to see reproductions ? i checked out the gift shop and was puzzled to see so many books on christianity and the pope . i would assume since there is so much intermarriage and assimilation , maybe they felt this type of reading material would sell ? i was also mystified to find that a jewish museum was open on saturday ( it was friday when we were there but still ... ) the ladies at the admissions desk , while pleasantly enduring my husband 's banter , had no clue what a baal tshuvah was . i would say a better name for this place would be the maltz museum of everything but jewish heritage .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very impressed by the breadth of exhibits and their use of space . entering in , there is a wonderful selection of jewish history right here in cleveland . i loved looking at the old photos and learning about some if the immigrants that first came to the area . the rest of the museum had informative videos and a great mix of local stories and world tragedies . the special exhibit that was there when i went through was about nazi propaganda . it put perspective when you think `` how could this ever happen '' it was overall an emotional experience . very worth the trip . ( and if you have kids , unwind at preston 's hope just on the other side of the j . )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we visited this museum in 6 08 . although i would n't tell anyone to go out of their way to visit , we thought the building was lovely and the exhibits were fairly interesting .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a really great museum ! ! they have some beautiful collections ! i am jewish i am interested in the holocaust and israel . i really enjoyed my visit . i loved their permanent exhibit with lots of very pretty jewish items . they have dead sea scrolls that are amazing . the tour i went on was very good . the gift shop is really fun they have some very nice things there . i would defiantly recommend visiting this museum even if you are not jewish . i went with my family and we all really enjoyed our visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hired azul pool services to clean an indoor pool on june 6 2013 . i then added another pool at my personal residence to the list . azul came out and told me that my salt system had to be replaced . i have a 36,000 gallon pool . they sent me an estimate that was so overpriced that any logical person would not accept it . they wanted to install two 20,000 gallon salt systems and two power centers . on each of those four items , they charge $ 100 more than the parts actually cost , and then they added $ 375 for labor . the total was $ 2,454 . i then called shasta , and they installed the proper , 40,0000 gallon system , with labor , for $ 1,026 . same brand . simple . since i did not have them do the repair , they childishly terminated the service on both homes . i would not recommend this company to anyone . they are extremely dishonest . avoid at all costs . literally .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely horrible . i hired them to drain , re-tile , acid-wash and chemically restart my pool . i was told it would be done in two days . the pool was drained , and the tile guy demo 'd the tile , took a week to come back with the pebble tech baking in the sun . when they did come back they finished the tile and starting to back-fill the pool , not acid washing the extremely dirty grout ridden surface . told they would be there the following week to chemically restart the pool ... .. thus making a two day project last two weeks terrible . if you want to manage your own project give them a call . worst customer service out of a general contractor i have ever had .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am updating my review of azul pools . the owner contacted me regarding my issues with my pool and came out himself to see how he could fix the problems . he sent a plaster guy the next day to help determine what the problem was , then the owner then called me the next day to let me know how they were going to fix it . he was very gracious and apologetic about someone not getting back to me and took care of me and my plaster problem . i am very happy and satisfied with this company and would recommend them . scott thompson is the owner and he is all about quality and making sure his customers are happy . thank you scott for getting my pool issues resolved . it is greatly appreciated .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "communication and reliability are dreadful . there are a million pool companies so do n't waste your time with this one .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "martin talked me through every piece of pool advice imaginable . which is exactly what i needed . this guy is super knowledgable and easy to talk with . i highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service . talked to the owner directly and got the pool perfect in a short amount of time . fast and professional . i would recommend them to everyone", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called out azul pools to resurfaced my pool deck..they stripped the surface to the cement slab made a mess to my pool water , the water had to be drained twice , , , the deck was chipping and they came out a second time worst job then the first , , , i found out later from another company they had watered down the paint , , , the manager who came to the house was worthless and after the second attempt couldnt be reached , , , a terrible company ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "oh , finally a wendy 's with some decency ! i 've eaten here at this location on and off for the past few years , and today was no different . i was on the way to the arabian horse show at westworld , and my stomach was grumblng-loudly i came in here to have an early lunch before i headed into the event . this place over the years has always been one of my favorite locations because their always consistent . food is hot and ready , staff is friendly and the dining area 's always clean . today i went with the combo # 1 , and it was out in no time . bathrooms were well stocked and clean , and the condiment 's were well stocked . i will say i like this location more then others . kind of buried in the shopping center , but its clean and nice just about every single time i go here . oh , and their new breakfast 's ? awesome !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every great once in a while i 'll have a craving for a triple burger from wendy 's . this has n't resulted in a heart attack yet , so i 'll try and keep this craving to once or twice a year . but , i have to say , this is the best fast food burger out there , and although i would n't want you to make a habit of eating like this , i do recommend it ... once or twice a year !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is an average wendy 's restaurant . it 's very clean and the service is average . we come here every once in a while with our son to grab a quick bite to eat . here are some items we 've had in the past : single w cheese , $ 3.59 http : www.yelp.com biz_photos wendys-old-fashioned-hamburgers-scottsdale-2 ? select=8dcudindhadefmkchjtmha # 8dcudindhadefmkchjtmha http : www.yelp.com biz_photos wendys-old-fashioned-hamburgers-scottsdale-2 ? select=mpnejgm7qtm9y6rgbjshbg # mpnejgm7qtm9y6rgbjshbg jr cheeseburger deluxe , $ .99 http : www.yelp.com biz_photos wendys-old-fashioned-hamburgers-scottsdale-2 ? select=aue9voztqjvtbt436q24ra # aue9voztqjvtbt436q24ra small chocolate frosty , $ .99 med chocolate frosty , $ 1.59 http : www.yelp.com biz_photos wendys-old-fashioned-hamburgers-scottsdale-2 ? select=92xkihlrf8fwaqxr3gpg7a # 92xkihlrf8fwaqxr3gpg7a it 's a fast food restaurant , not much going on here . as long as it stays clean and offers fast accurate service we 'll be back . return factor - 60 %", "score": "3"}
{"review": "quick drive thru if you are on a lunch break , nice staff . went at an off time for a small fry and small frosty since i was hungry and needed a snack ( ~2 p.m. ) . fries were hot and tasted fresh and the frosty was delicious as always . parking lot is poorly designed , so it can back up into the main road , which blocks traffic flow and irritates other drivers . it can also block you into a parking spot in their already rather small private parking lot and you will need to wait for a kind driver to not move forward in the line for you to be able to back out . i would recommend parking in the lot close by and walking over to avoid this dilemma !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they added mayo to my husband 's sandwich even though i asked twice for it to come with no mayo . they added it anyways and he could n't eat it as a result ( allergy ) . i called the location and spoke with sara who responded by saying she could n't check that each sandwich was made correctly . this location and the manager are a total joke . sara , your customer service skills suck .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got the order wrong ... . i am with bob r. how hard is it to get the order right . you will gladly take my money for an upgrade but when it is n't in the bag , that sucks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decided to go through the drive-thru . was only 1 of 2 cars in line . ordered , drove up and paid . was asked to please pull forward so they could cook the fries . it was between 630-7 pm , not sure why they would n't have french fries already prepared . whatever . i pulled up to wait . literally 10 minutes have passed and have not received my food . i went to drive-thru to avoid getting out of my car . so i called and they informed me they must have forgotten about me . i 'm sorry , a free frosty is not going to save my order . horrible customer service , will not be going to this wendy 's ever again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "come on , you have a couple of different types of sandwiches and chili . how hard can it be to get an order right . every time i stop , i have to check the order after i get my bag and hand something back that they get wrong .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came in dressed for work , though admittedly with my wheeled cart because i was on my way to walmart . this was apparently sufficient to get me the `` delay until the customer leaves '' treatment . you 're a crappy burger joint near a walmart . you have no justification for this level of snobbery .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was only car in drive thru - they pulled me forward . waited for 10 min for my food . went inside and there was nobody inside and no cars in drive thru . staff was joking and messing around . complained to manager who admitted they forgot about my order and was given no compensation and nothing to make it right . will never go here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had to stop in for an extremely last minute lunch pick up and was pleasantly surprised by the hasty work by the crew . i placed my order and before i could even put away my change , my meal was ready to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst service ever ! none at all after waiting at the counter forever . please fix", "score": "1"}
{"review": "used to get combos meals a lot , but lately i 've only getting the food from the 99 cents menu . all the hamburger portions are so tiny , do n't really think it 's worth the money eating here anymore . frosty drink is always good , no matter what size you get , i can never get enough of it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "highly consistent . there have been a few times where i was disappointed in the service or the food quality but more often then not i am highly satisfied with the wait time , the quality of the food , and how polite the staff are to me . gerry is one of the managers and he is always polite and usually says hello . it 's nice as i do n't expect that for a fast food joint . i do agree that the parking lot sucks but ... i would rather eat at a place that is clean and the workers do n't handle food if they handle the cash and i see the workers wearing gloves that handle food . that is more important to me than the parking lot", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this might take the rotten cake of being the worst location for wendy 's . the last time i came here , my sandwich was cold and sloppily put together . not that i come here for artisan-quality sandwiches , but god-almighty , at least achieve the minimum standard , i 've been to other wendy 's locations that know how to at least layer the ingredients properly . i do n't even want to spend too many words talking about this place . my wordsmanship is worth more for more deserving businesses .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "phx360 is great ! 30min workouts are intense but competed quickly , trainers are very friendly , they mix it up regularly and ryan is great with getting you on the nutrition plan you need ! highly recommend this gym : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never felt better in my life ! ! i 'm down 30+ lbs ... woot woot ! ! this has all been possible with the support , encouragement , dedication , passion and love from ryan , our trainers and our fit fam ! ! if you are on the fence and have never been , try the groupon for 30 days or better yet call and talk to ryan . there are various opportunities and challenges to keep you motivated through the journey ! added bonus , workouts are 30 minutes ! ! best fitness decision ever ... hands down ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this gym is simply amazing ! all the trainers and other members of this gym are really supportive . for me , staying fit can be like a roller coaster at times with family and work obligationss , ryan takes a extra step and works with you to make sure you maintain your goal . i admit in the beginning when i first started phx 360 , i would be flooding ryan 's cell phone multiple times a day with questions i had about eatting or what should i do if i missed a workout and he quickly responded.ryan seriously goes above and beyond for his members . in all , i serious love this place and will continue to go there as long as i can .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to phoenix 360 for a little over a year now and u love it . i never feel out of place like i did at other gyms . i have struggled with my weight my entire life and with ryan i have managed to loose 50 pounds . i feel better and have more energy than ever . he not only gets you exercising but helps you with nutrition too . ryan is always searching new things to try so you will never get board . he 's there when you need him and has developed trainers who are just as committed as he is .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ryan is the best trainer around . he takes each individual 's needs and tailors the group workout perfectly . you wo n't regret giving phoenix 360 a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have now been a member at phx360 for a little over 6 months and have to say i 've never felt more comfortable at any gym before . there are members at all fitness levels and all different goals . the trainers tailor the bootcamps so that everyone is able to participate while also maximizing their personal best . all the trainers get to know you by first name so you feel ike you 're part of a family . everyone here , trainers and members alike , are supportive , welcoming , and inspiring to each other . being a member here makes me feel like part of a team and i can not imagine ever going back to a regular gym again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here only two months and this is honestly the only place that has actually been able to get me into serious shape ! i feel so comfortable working out here and the exercises change every single time . the trainers are great too and modify any exercises you 're having trouble with . i will continue to come here since i keep seeing so much progress in myself ! ! ! love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ryan , blaze & mindy have been outstanding in getting me motivated and headed toward my fitness goals . everyone have been so supportive and friendly . phoenix 360 is an excellent place to workout .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family and i have been going to this gym for over 2 years . i have nothing but respect for the owner and trainers . it has been a long journey for my family and i but ryan and the trainers are always there to give us the push and guidance we need . you ca n't find a better close nit family then you do at phoenix 360 . we all help each other achieve our goals and we are a fitfam , not like box gyms in my opinion where you are just another person ! ! ! ! if you want a place to call home as you work on your fitness goals and a healthy lifestyle this is the place to go to ! ! ! ! thank you phoenix 360 ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here on a groupon . all the trainers were very friendly and supportive , especially mindy . however , for me to get here it was at least a 20-30 minute drive with evening traffic ... and the sessions are only 30 minutes long so it was not really worth the drive for me to continue as a regular member . also , the facility is very small . evening classes have a decent turnout , at least 6+ people and there just wasnt enough room to spread out and feel like you were n't in someones bubble .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we were very disappointed ! the eggs were horrible , the pancakes bland.. long wait for food , expensive.. on a good note-the bacon was good..wo n't go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came in for a patty melt . seems pretty standard . asked that the onions can be all the way cooked , and my waiter sighed . ok. 25 minutes later with four other tables my food came . the onions were not cooked and my frys were greasy and not actually cooked . the waiter maybe had n't ever eaten in a restaurant and did n't know that one requires napkins , drink refills , etc . to summarize , the food was awful and the service worse .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after reading the reviews we were hesitant about trying this place out . but we figured we try . boy are we all glad we did . we got there at 8:30 am on sunday and we 're seated immediately . our server brought water and offered coffee while we looked over the menue . our order was taken and about 15 minutes later our food arrived . everyone in our group got biscuits and graveyard and we all thoroughly enjoyed them . i thought the grave was very creamy with lots of flavor but wish it had bigger chunks of sausage . the biscuits were very good . flakey and rich . the hash browns were crispy on the outside and not to soft on the inside with lots of buttery potato flavor . the thick cut bacon was excellent ( nice that u get 3 pieces ) . we all said that we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had to say that the existing restaurant yelp reviews are not what i experienced . it 's been 30 days since they opened and it seems they may have pulled themselves together and resolved their issues brought up in the existing reviews . veggie omelette was delicious and caitlin our server was excellent . she really provided the pleasant environment you look for at a restaurant . will be back for sure !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "large selection and portions of standard breakfast and lunch fare . food quality is good and tastes like breakfast should . i have been here several times and have had great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was good but we were disappointed that the biscuits seemed rather small and average for a restaurant named biscuits . the hollandaise sauce was also good but nothing we would crave . i did love the raspberry jam , but , as mentioned before , would 've preferred more biscuit to put it on . our server was very pleasant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow ! walked into the restaurant at 7:00 am to loud country music . that was rough . the interior resembled a hotel continental breakfast lobby ( sterile , random picture of a horse ) . my expectations were high as this is a restaurant based in oregon and great things originate in oregon ( dutch bros , tillamook cheese ) . probably just needs to stay there . food was not memorable , service was fair .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "late breakfast today with the family . we got a variety of items to try out this new to us place . service was great . we came at a bit of an off time and there was no wait for a table . we sat on the patio . the table was very nice and shaded . we had the biscuit omelet and it was very big and delish . the whole grain toast and freezer jam were a nice accompaniment . we even purchased some jam to take home . we also tried the pancakes and french toast . both were very good . the biscuits and gravy were decent but i did n't really care for the hint of oregano . next time we plan to try the cinnamon rolls . my only request would be for them to add alcohol to their menu . this would be a nice place to spend sunday morning with a mimosa or bloody mary .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is your stereotypical brunch spot . like everyone else here i was not blown away by the food , but the service makes up for it ! this place was packed on saturday morning which always bodes well . we got a table fairly quickly and our order was taken as soon as possible . again food was not amazing , but all the waitstaff was very kind and all smiles ! i had a wonderful chai latte as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice and new looking . ordered a cinnamon roll and fish n chips combo . the combo came with fries , cole slaw , toast and a cup of clam chowder but we substituted pot roast soup . our server was polite and pleasant and the food came out quickly . the cinnamon roll was decent ... it was warm but a bit dry . the fish was hot , crispy and nicely seasoned . the fries were average and toast was good . cole slaw was horrible not good flavor and tasted stale . the pot roast soup looked and tasted like campbells chunky soup . i was hoping to find a good restaurant but it was very mediocre . seems a bit pricey also .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what nice surprise , the food was fresh and hot out of the kitchen . may breakfast came with the best strawberry preserve , my wife had marion barry preserve which was equally as good , and homemade.. a really nice place , very clean , would recommend to anyone that wants to try something a little different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well this is my 3rd visit so now i 'll review , 1st time our food & service was excellent , 2nd time food was good all but scramble was over cooked and the server needed to brush up , she gave me luke warm water for tea , ten i had a hair in my butter and nothing was addressed or adjusted for it . then i asked for strawberry jam to go and she brought me mixed berry pre packed jelly . 3rd time service good but food was bad . my soft scrambled eggs were n't soft and we asked for crispy hash browns and all that they did was partially cook it on one side , and they were greasy . my husband 's omelet , meat lovers was n't that enjoyable to him like before . we mentioned it to server and register person and no price adjustment was done this time either . i do n't think we will return here until they get better", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish i could give this place zero stars , on jan. 16 at 10 30 am we got typical arizonen service . came in stood there for 10 minutes a white couple came in and then the hostess ran to the door to seat them . the only reason we were seated is because the couple asked if we were seated , `` clearly we 're not if we 're standing at the door '' . the couple then proceeded to say they were regulars that 's why they were being seated before us , wow ! so my wife and i realizing what just happened fit up and left . so the moral of this story is do not go to this restaurant if you 're not a regular and if you 're a minority please stay away they treat you accordingly to the code . in 2017 wow , and fyi we went there every weekend since we 've been in arizona , never again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do yourself a favor and find another place to eat . this place is awful ! our experience started out bad and got worse-i should have paid more attention to the previous reviews . my wife and i went there on a sunday morning and were greeted with `` 2 ? '' at the door , not `` good morning '' , `` welcome '' ... nothing . that would have required some interest from the two geniuses at the entry . after being seated at a table , which had crumbs all over the seats and table , we knew this was not going to go well . we sat for nearly 10 minutes , all the time watching the completely disinterested staff chat with each other ... .we left . the best thing that could happen to this place is fire the staff and start over . if that does n't work..close .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they should n't have the word `` biscuit '' in their name ... for a place that calls themselves biscuit cafe , you would think they would have some great biscuits ... or at least some freshly made and unique biscuits ... maybe because it was drowned in gravy , but it honestly felt and tasted like a generic biscuit that was purchased in bulk . among having a generic biscuit , the gravy & sausage links i had was a tad too salty . the crispy house potatoes were n't bad . i would n't say i left mad and upset , just disappointed . 2 stars seems more than fair for my experience . no need for me to go back again in hopes of having a better meal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place was just ok . it was expensive for what we got ... $ 31 for 2 breakfasts , 1 coffee , 1 oj , and a side of toast . i ordered the biscuits and gravy . after i ordered , we asked if they biscuits we 're home made . the waitress said `` no , but they are still really good '' . i feel like if the name of your restaurant is called `` biscuits cafe '' , that should be the one thing that is made fresh in house . also , my husband ordered the corned beef hash and asked for no onions . the waitress said that was n't possible because it was prepackaged all together . i was excited for this place to open up , but we will probably just go to village inn for breakfast where it is cheaper , tastes better , and made to order the way we want .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow , was i disappointed.. shoulda read the reviews before going in , but hey i went in with open mind.. ordered coffe n waters , .. never got the coffee , but no biggie dutch brothers after anyways.. ordered the corned beef hash w hash browns n toast.. pretty good corned beef and potatoes cooked thoroughly . waiter was very unattentive n just seemed awkward , wife 's food was ehh mediocre , would have rather had dennys.. well , that n dennys is half tbe price and dennys now would be 3 stars . noticed most ppl leavibg without finishing 1 2 their plates.. dont think we will be back.. not sure why tbat corner cant get a good restaurant in there.. must be cursed.. lol", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sadly , my first time at this location is disappointing . the service was good , but my sausage was cold , and my dining partner , who ordered the waffle said his waffle was cold , his eggs were overlooked and his bacon was so over cooked it crumbled to the touch . still searching for the ultimate breakfast spot .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "way way better than going to any dennys village inn or ihop ! decent prices . i got two pancakes four pieces of toast and 4 eggs for under $ 9 ! delicious the eggs are real and fresh and the toast was way more than you 'd get at any regular breakfast place . pancakes were good size and very yummy ! i 'll be back again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service was terrible . we waited a few minutes to be seated . server walked right by us and ignored us . finally got seated . again we were ignored by the servers . after 5 minutes just got up and walked out . ca n't comment on the food , did not get that far .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff was very polite and good service . it he food however was terrible . i ordered chicken and waffles . the chicken was too hard to put a fork in . they politely cooked more . but 2 of 4 were not edible . my wife had fish and chips . it was only ok .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ate there 2 weeks ago , heading back today ! service was on point , the coffee was excellent and our cups were never left empty . had the chicken fried steak and eggs with hash browns . yummy ! ! ! i tried my sister in laws almond crusted french toast , & i was immediately jealous that i did n't get that ! ! ! heading back this morning for some french toast . and , i do n't normally even like french toast ! it was just that good ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visit here frequently today the service was less than desired . i decide to try something different today . i had the turkey veggie scramble . it was great the turkey was deli turkey i guess i expected turkey sausage not deli meat . the potatoes and biscuits with the raspberry compote was delicious . although the service was slow the food was hot when served . for that i have four stars instead of 3 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there is biscuits and then there is biscuits cafe . they are the same idea but two very different experiences . head to biscuits cafe if you 'd like to be sat at a dirty table and wait 10+ minutes for your server to arrive to take your drink order . we left and went down the road to a different location where we knew we 'd get service . rating this 2 stars only because i 'm hoping people will go to biscuits not this place . the original biscuits is great - good food and service . not here !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i waited and watched for the place to open since it 's right by a store i call on and sometimes i just want something besides fast food . i should have stuck with the fast food . i ordered blt with avocado ( paid extra for the avocado ) and fries as a side . the `` avocado `` was two measly slices ( not even half an avocado ) ; the bacon was limp , the fries greasy and cold and the tomato was underripe . my bill was over $ 12.00 for $ 3.00 worth of edible food . the toast was okay . never again . spend your money elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here for a late breakfast and the food was great . we had 5 adults and two kids and they sat us quickly and food came in a short amount of time . all was delicious . french toast cinnamon roll was a unique choice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here and my expectations were exceeded . the waffle with strawberries was delicious and not too sweet . i had three hearty pieces of bacon that were full of flavor and cooked to perfection . scrambled eggs were light and fluffy ! ! i 've not had such a perfectly cooked breakfast in a long time ( except at home ) ; ) . love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i had a $ 10 gift certificate from another biscuits location which was n't honored here . that 's not ideal customer service , but it 's forgivable . what 's not forgivable eggs benedict with poached eggs that already have been broken , leaving the `` grilled '' english muffin drowning in yolk and far too much hollandaise . the entire mess was much too salty , and the hash browns appeared in an odd block shape . the coffee lacked any semblance of flavor . my girlfriend 's bacon was burnt , and her belgian waffle honestly could have come out of a toaster . the upside : our server was fast and friendly . seating was easy to find , and biscuits was open for breakfast on memorial day .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we love trying new places but i guess all of them ca n't be good . food was mediocre , could have make a better blt at home . my husband tried to say he liked his food but he did n't even touch the caramelized apples that came on his french toast , which is n't like him . kids got pancakes , ca n't go wrong with those . also , super bummed i could n't get a mimosa at brunch because they do n't serve alcohol . boo hoo .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i enjoyed my breakfast very much at this location . i had 2 pancakes , 2 bacon strips , and 2 biscuits and gravy . i was very , very happy with the food . good orange juice , environment , service , etc . this place is a keeper no doubt ! ! ( mind you i went in on friday morning at 7am so my review does not reflect the weekend service or food )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great location . service was good . the food not so much . potatoes were n't cooked right , biscuits small , waffles not crispy enough to my liking . prices but high for casual neighborhoods restaurant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this place . i live around the corner and always went to the one on dobson so i was really excited when this one opened . the staff is friendly , the food is great and the portions are huge . i recommend the chicken fried steak and the enormous cinnamon rolls .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst . french . toast . ever . tasted like it was soaked in syrup rather than egg .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the biscuits cafe on warner and dobson was fantastic ! this one was good ... but may have a new cook ? grill may have been too hot , so the red potatoes were a little raw . they did rebook them without a fuss ... just a little disappointed after visiting the other one . customer service was very good and would maybe return to give it another shot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i thought they had fantastic food but a little pricey . i would definitely go again i had the chicken fried chicken the gym was out of this world biscuits were fresh it was just all-around fantastic experience there", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lunch was ok , not great . caution , check your credit card statements , 2 persons for lunch , bill was around 20-22 dollars . received credit card statement , visa statement was $ 44.78 for a 2 person lunch & only water to drink . something fishy happened after we left restaurant ! ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just had a wonderful gf waffle . best i 've found in se valley so far . it was delicious . also discovered it 's completely vegan which is a plus now for my gf & dairy free daughter . will definitely be returning often .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was excited to see another breakfast place open up in town , close by and i finally got a chance to try biscuits this morning . the place is nice and modern . it was clean and the staff greeted and seated my quickly . unfortunately the food was greasy spoon quality . the hashbrowns were cooked with a nice crust but were dripping with grease throughout . the sausage also had a thick sheen of grease . the toast had that nasty butter substitute that cafes soak their toast in . if the place would ease up on the grill grease t would probably be worthwhile but starting the morning off with a gut ache is n't what i am looking for .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "disappointing . the location is awesome and we are always looking for good new food places . we were seated quickly and our server all though friendly enough seemed over whelmed ( aka under staffed ) . i ordered a basic french toast combo ( french toast , 2 eggs scrambled and bacon ) . long wait for the food . my wife pointed out the sign that says they are n't fast food and everything is made fresh . well neither half appears to be true . my french toast was soggy , my eggs cool and my bacon with limp and greasy . my wife did n't complain about her food but i know she was not impressed . you are better off going down the road a mile to the new black bear diner . way better food , quality and service . i will not give this place a second chance , sorry .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice place , great menu with lots of choices . the biscuits and gravy were great combined with a side order of sausage . the cinnamon roll french toast was great as well . the service was friendly and fast . love this place we need a location in phoenix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite biscuits and gravy in town . we always have great service here and the food is on point . this is the best breakfast spot in south chandler !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could just rate this place for our waitress , i would give her 5 stars . extremely friendly and took care of us very well . unfortunately , the food was just not very good . i ended up ordering smoked brisket eggs benedict - on the recommendation of the waitress . i asked her which would be more flavorful out of the smoked pork and brisket , and she told me to get brisket . well , the brisket was really dry , and had no taste . overall the atmosphere and the staff were great , but the food was lacking .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we did n't even make it in more than 2 feet . the place smelled just awful ! like rancid grease mixed with overcooked bacon . we left . after reading the other reviews i 'm glad we did . we were so disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service ! we had a party of 14 for a saturday morning that they accommodated us quickly ! i had called the day before but the reservation had not been logged anywhere but they still quickly got us seated . there were a few errors but nothing too bad and they were quick to fix them . food was very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the biscuits are dry and have no flavor . the cubed potatoes are better tasting than the hash browns . the rest is good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "waited ten minutes to be seated in a almost empty restaurant waitress walks by and does n't even acknowledge us so we left must not need the business great first impression .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "eh ... it 's okay . nothing to write home about and the service was very lackluster . have never had to ask for water and coffee refills so often . too many great breakfast places around to settle for this place . we wo n't be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is great ! so glad i decided to eat there . i shop at frys and remembered seeing the sign when my friend called and wanted to go for a quick bite to eat . i had the eggs over easy with red potatoes , bacon and rye toast ! it was delicious ! ! my friend had the eggs benedict and loved it ! the coffee is very good . the restaurant is clean and nicely laid out . the waiter was polite , and helpful . the food arrived at our table within a few minutes . the price for our meal was very reasonable and the portions were more than adequate . i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent waitress amanda , very friendly and attentive . prices are too high for the food . this is basically a diner on par with an ihop , but they do professional to making fresh food , still prices are too high . my meal was so so , nothing i would return for . place was clean and easy to find .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "biscuits and gravy is such a classic comfort food . i also had the hash and was very pleased .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had a very bad experience at the surprise location , but wanted to give them a second chance as it was near our friends home . what a shame they serve such dosh . the staff were nice but the place was hot and smelly . we left most of our food . after a visit before we contacted the owners and all i got was rude old man with an attitude . stay away . such a shame !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nothing is worse than getting ripped off for low quality food . this location of biscuits ripped us off this morning ! i ordered a scramble with red potatoes as a side , and the dish tasted as if it was warmed in a microwave or maybe sat under heat lamps for 10 minutes ? eggs had an aged taste of them and a slight curry-ish flavor or something bizarre . not sure what a cook does to eggs to make them taste this way ... and i do n't really want to know either . absolutely disgusting . i do n't think the curry flavor was actually intentional . biscuits are tiny and miserly , especially for a place named ... well , you 've seen it before . and the bill was $ 45.00 for three breakfasts and low end , flavorless 7-11 coffee and creamer from sam 's club ? come on . worst quality and most ridiculously overpriced breakfast i 've had in decades ! this place is an embarrassing joke .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have to disagree with a lot of these reviews . first it was nice to barely wait on a sunday . we were seated almost immediately . i ordered corned beef and potatoes and biscuits . so good , the jellies that come with biscuits were delicious . the menu has a good mix of choices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were super excited to try this place as the first time we went to try them they were closed . i ordered the biscuits and gravy and they were n't bad but they were to small . you would think for a restaurant whose name is `` biscuits cafe '' their biscuits would be a decent size . they were n't even the size of my palm . we also ordered the skillet and that portion was small as well . unfortunately i do n't think we 'll be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went for breakfast and it was not a good experience . when we went to pay first they messed up the receipt and we where about to pay for other customers until we notice ! the girl in the front was so unenergetic ! she seemed like she hated her job completely ! they made us wait almost 10mint to clear the whole mess ! there was a bunch of people waiting in line . it was super awkward . they could n't figure out how to split it that he end up only charging my friend !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the atmosphere is good . i like the wall art . we had a friendly waitress . great location . adequate parking . the food , was just ok . i had an egg white and turkey scramble . there was not much flavor . my friend had an all meat omelet with not much meat and a lot of eggs ! again , not a lot of flavor . i 'm glad i tried it out but it wo n't be my first choice for breakfast in the future !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was good but they need to to get some waiters that give a damn , rude and do n't care much about your food.. the one on alma school is so much better ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food was amazingly delicious ! the starter homemade cinnamon roll was to die for . i had to stop after 2 bites so i could eat my actual breakfast order . will most definitely be going back . staff were all really nice and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for a late lunch . i 'd expected them to be closing for the day ( just before 2 pm ) , but was pleasantly surprised to learn closing is at 2:30 . greeted immediately at the door , seated & drink order placed . there is a small entry lobby that is very tidy -- in fact , the whole place is . the hostess server had a lovely smile that was always present . i ordered the blta , which comes on sourdough with a side ( opted for cole slaw ) , a pickle spear & a pepperoncini . the portion size was just right , and the bacon was yum ! a few people were there , but it was n't loud . very enjoyable visit , will be back soon for breakfast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as a fan of good breakfasts , i was thrilled to try the newest addition to the neighborhood here in south chandler . put simply , my chorizo omelet was muy bueno , and clearly cooked by someone who loves omelets as much as i do . beautiful fluffy eggs , savory chorizo and fresh veggies . loved it . the pancakes were very good and the coffee was decent . crank that coffee up a notch and i 'd have no trouble going five stars for breakfast . last note , the staff is wonderful . they took great care of us and every table around us . and that 's just awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came here thinking that it was just like the restaurant on gilbert and guadalupe , we were wrong . i ordered the veggie omelette , the eggs tasted like the egg beaters that come in the container and the veggies were still hard and raw . the pancakes were stiff and cardboard like . on a positive note , the restaurant was very clean and staff was friendly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of our favorites ! friendly staff and delicious food . try the chicken sausage and sweet potato pancakes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was great but the food left a lot to be questioned ! very high priced , bacon obviously cooked way prior and hard dried out , gravy had little flavor , and biscuits ? ? if your a biscuit cafe you would think it would be big , fresh fluffy biscuits right ? ? nope ! very disappointed and when you charge 34.00 for 2 eggs , biscuits gravy and potatoes with 2 drinks , it better be damned good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "another mediocre chain and pricey . 4 $ for a large oj . food took forever and came out after everyone who came after us . benedict poached egg was broken , sausage overcooked . funny taste from whatever they use for frying . not again biscuits .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "okay , i ordered online , maybe an hour ago . i 've order here before and the food was great . this time , however , the person who packaged my meal must have been an idiot or extremely busy . on my order , i said extra toast , there was no extra toast , and it literally tasted like a burned stove top . the person put one packet of jelly in my package . do they not think ? how can one package cover four pieces of bread ? and the oatmeal was so dry . whoever made my meal last time was amazing , this time , it 's horrible .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "service was slow , eggs were under cooked , ordered over medium and whites were runny , when attempting to pay bill i was ignored , along with several others , while all the employees scurried to seat a large party , i was told it was policy to seat customers before they decided to leave and eat else where . i also was not offered a refill on my water or the other party 's coffee . we will not return !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible ! ! ! ! a party of 5 and everything but the coffee was ice cold . will not give it a second try . only giving it 1 star because i ca n't give 0 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was tagging along with my future sister in law . she make an appt and told me to come with . ok ! i love the boutique feel with the helpful staff . they are very sweet not pushy plus they can custom any dress you see in the shop . my future sister in law found her 1 , 2 , and 3 choices from there . i know we will be back in june for her to narrow down the dresses . what a great experience and awesome service they have . make sure you make an appt , so you will get full attention .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "though i did not ultimately purchase a dress here , i was very pleased with the store and the staff during my appointment . the girls were helpful in explaining the layout of the store and where certain styles of dresses were kept , and were not pushy when it came time to try on certain dresses . the dresses were all reasonably priced and they had quite the wide variety - literally everything from boho chic to full on embellished ball gown . i would recommend bride-to-be 's add this to their list of stops when they are trying on dresses !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful , welcoming atmosphere with friendly people ! the gorgeous store is filled with unique yet affordable , great quality dresses . i highly recommend this lovely boutique to any bride looking for the dress !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today was the perfect day ! found my perfect dress in the second dress i tried on . thank you brenda for a wonderful experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came into this boutique with one of my best friends . we were actually at david 's bridal yesterday and were completely appalled by their rudeness and lack of customer service at that store . i called bella lily in a frantic and they told us to come directly to them and they would fit us right in . we arrived to an extremely beautiful and well designed boutique . the owner approached us almost immediately and apologized for our unpleasant experience at the other retail location . sarah was the consultant helping us and was unbelievably sweet and attentive to my friend . my friend ended up finding her perfect wedding dress and is absolutely ecstatic right now . the dress was priced very reasonable and we are very much looking forward to working with them thru all the planning for the blissful event ! thank you again ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the place to go for a romantic wedding gown . the shop owner , brenda , is such a doll . there was zero pressure from staff during the entire process , a huge change from the first shop i went to ! i was specifically interested in trying on a dress with an illusion top , they had such an incredible collection of dresses that i had many options of the illusion top to choose from . i found my dress at bella lily bridal and highly recommend paying them a visit for a relaxed , fun , and charming experience with knowledgable , trustworty , and personable staff . this part of the planning process does not need to be stressful with this adorable shop in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bella lily was my first stop when looking for a wedding dress and it was wonderful ! the shop is very cute and intimate . i was given a lot of attention by the stylist and they listened to my feedback on the dresses i picked so well that they ended up picking out my favorite dress of the day on their own ! they were very good at seeing what i liked and finding more dresses similar to what i wanted . unfortunately the shop was out of my price range , so i ended up not purchasing from this store . however it was a wonderful experience and i recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not say enough good things about bella lily bridal . i would recommend this boutique to anyone getting married ! perfect dress i sent some inspo pics prior to my appointment . when i arrived , we browsed the selection and pulled our faves + some help from the store . their selection is beautifulllllll . i tried on several dresses that easily could have been `` the one . '' they certainly made it hard for us to pick ! amazing customer service i love the atmosphere at bella lily . the shop is too cute , but it 's the people there that really make you feel special . plus , brenda , the store owner , is just so lovely .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a cute little bridal shop with an amazing selection ! brenda and ashley were both so sweet and helpful ! they made me feel very comfortable and welcomed . i 'm glad i tried this place out , highly recommend bella lily bridal : ) nothing bad to say about this place . all my girlfriends wish it was open when they were looking for a wedding dress , i am lucky i found it at just the right time : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , this was the easiest , best dress shopping experience ever . all of her dresses are in style , affordable , designer and look like they belong on every pinterest blog . you 're sure to find a dress ! ! everything was exactly what you 'd want and expect . beautiful styling rooms , couches , mirrors , so many options ! i picked a popular watters w too marnie dress . we had an amazing colorado mountain wedding and i still get compliments on my dress over 6 months later !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely wonderful experience here ! i 'd gone into a wedding boutique in gilbert a few months back and had an awful experience . i was terrified to go into another boutique . but i was cutting it close with 6 months to the wedding so i did my research . i would come to these ladies a hundred times again . they were welcoming , helpful and very sweet . and the boutique itself ? absolutely cozy and clean and the options were beautiful . i could n't choose between two dresses and they allowed me to come back in the next day with fresh eyes to finalize my decision . i found the dress ! and it 's a huge thank you to brenda and her wonderful girls . i made the right decision !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was the most pleasurable experience ! as we all know wedding planning is stressful ... i can say this was the one thing i was completely certain and stress free ! brenda is just amazing . she genuinely wants you to find the perfect dress and cares . she also gave me great referrals to awesome vendors . now to the dresses.. they are beautiful and for the bride that is n't into paying a fortune for a dress . they are great quality for a price that wo n't make you cringe . her assistant was so helpful and did n't make me feel pressured or uncomfortable . oh , and she is the one that actually picked out my dress in the end ! ! bella lily is just perfect !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recommended this bridal shop to all the future brides to be . it was the best experience ever . this was the first place i tried dresses on and i was nervous but i felt so welcomed and got to talk to the owner brenda . she said something right at the moment i was having a moment with my dress and it was that i had to be true to me and my style . i purchased my dress same day and it was such a perfect fit that i got to take it home . thank you . thank you . thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you bella lily bridal for accommodating me last minute to find my perfect dress for my best day ever !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drove all the way from buckeye ( 50+minutes ) to a closed store . during business hours ... no sign of life inside . that was lovely .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had the best experience here ! ! the owner , brenda , and her staff were so accommodating and sweet -- everything i could have looked for in a wedding dress shopping experience . i would absolutely recommend this shop to any bride looking for various styles of dresses hoping to spend a fun day in a beautiful shop with amazing people and leave feeling excited for the big day ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i made an appointment with this bridal boutique and was so excited to find my dress . my parents flew in from out of state and bella lily made sure we were comfortable from the moment we stepped in . i have been to three other bridal salons in arizona and they do n't even come close to bella lily . it 's absolutely stunning in the store , and the owner is the sweetest person alive . the experience i had was unforgettable , i 'm so glad i 'm apart of the bella lily family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very pleasant purchase experience with the store and staffs . staffs they are not only very friendly but also very patient to let me try different styles . brenda eventually helped me to order my dress i saw in bhldn online and she knew the dress is exactly the same but in different name or model on the designer 's website . very happy when i picked up the dress : ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went into dress shopping a bit uneasy because i heard the sample dresses would be size 10 to 14 and i am ohhhh , say ~10 sizes smaller . i knew they would `` pin '' the dress to fit but i imagined it then being a distorted look from the way it was supposed to be . somehow , the owner at bella lily was able to bring ease to the process for me and had the dresses looking beautiful when she fitted them on me . she was very good ! ! and now that i have been to other bridal stores , i can attest to how awesome brenda was ! i am relieved to have visited bella lily as the first bridal store in my journey to find the perfect dress because i had an awesome experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went shopping for a wedding dress this weekend , and drove up from tucson to visit a couple stores in the phoenix area . my first stop was bella lilly , and i ca n't say enough wonderful things about this salon . the owner brenda is just the sweetest person you will ever meet , plus the dresses in the salon are both gorgeous and affordable . i found my dress at another salon , but i enjoyed my experience at bella lilly so much , it actually made me sad i did n't find my dress here . if you are a bride looking for an amazing , relaxing and fun dress experience , you have to give this salon a try . thank you brenda for such a wonderful morning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited bella lily for my first time trying on wedding dresses & was not disappointed one bit . being a plus size bride , trying on dresses is scary however this boutique was amazing . they have a beautiful selection of dresses and the staff was extremely attentive . dana was wonderful & always asked how are doing , how do you feel ? she knew the type of dress i wanted and worked around that . the boutique is by appointment only so you have your time in the store to yourself with your consultant . i would highly recommend going here for your bridal experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish i could give bella lily more than 5 stars ! they were absolutely amazing . my consultant was so helpful and kind , she took time to get to know me and my story , and knew exactly what kind of dress i would like . the owner , brenda , was there and is one of the sweetest people you 'll ever meet . brenda also spent a lot of one on one time with me figuring out my style and what worked . not only that , but i was there for the stella york spring 2018 preview show and the designer was also there ! she talked to me , and even picked out a dress for me she thought i would like giving my body shape . and guess what ! that 's the dress i ended up buying ! all three women knew exactly what they were doing and were so incredibly friendly and helpful . this was my first experience wedding dress shopping and i could n't have asked for it to go better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had an amazing experience today at bella lily ! not only did i find my dream dress ( which there were so many beauties to chose from ) the service was amazing . the owner was extremely friendly and reassuring and their staff was great . i was happy to purchase from a local boutique too . totally impressed with everything all around", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a new bride to be trying to find `` the dress '' it was overwhelming . the boutique has a wide variety of dresses and brenda the owner is pretty amazing . you can tell she loves her job and wants your to be happy . every bride deserves to say yes to the dress and she stands behind that 100 % ! ! thank you for everything i hope all good things come back to you x 10 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the perfect place to find your dream dress ! i walked in & was greeted by brenda & rebecca who were very welcoming ! this bridal boutique is so elegant & has the prettiest gowns to choose from . everyone was so easy to work with & made the process very fun ! i knew walking in i would find my dress here & i am glad to say i did ! can not wait for my dress to be here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to bella lily yesterday and after having a bad experience at another bridal store they made up for it in every way . they were not only sweet , professional and attentive but they also were very knowledgeable on what cuts were complimentary on which body types . the very first dress i tried on was one that sarah , the consultant , had picked out for me and it turned out to be `` the one '' . they not only fit me in on extremely short notice but they made me feel like the top priority . when spending any substantial amount of money on something you should always expect great customer service and they certainly delivered . sarah and the other lovely ladies that helped , thank you so much , you made the whole experience a dream . i wish you nothing but happiness and success !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brenda and her assistant are so wonderful . my sister and i came in together and they were very welcoming . i tried on the dresses and they let us talk about what we thought before giving their opinion . they took the dress off a manikin for me to try on . that one turned out to be the dress for me . i highly recommend bella lily bridal . they are nice , help , and let you decide what you want . i can not compliment them enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bella lily bridal was amazing ! when i visited their shop they were lovely and accommodating and i ordered a beautiful dress from them . when the dress arrived there was an accident and the skirt was torn . brenda , the owner , immediately informed me and had a new dress shipped right away . it put my mind at ease and made me feel that they cared just as much about my gown as i did . you wo n't be disappointed if you visit this shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in looking for hair accessories for my wedding day and they not only welcomed me but also helped me pick out a head piece . they took time to recommend accessories and just made me feel special even though i had purchased my dress at another store . i know if i had came here first to look for dresses i would have had a wonderful experience ! i 've visited other stores for hair accessories and they just had me look and did not offer to help . overall gorgeous store and wonderful service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brenda and her team at bella lily were fantastic ! i visited the boutique on 2 occasions- the first to get an idea of what i was looking for and the second visit i was ready to buy if i had found the perfect dress -- i did ! everyone listened to my feedback but also gave my friend and i space to discuss the dresses without ever feeling pressure . it was a wonderful experience and i can not wait to wear my dress and veil in march ! thank you , brenda !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay i just have to add a little bit more about this wonderful shop ! i already purchased my dress from them , so this point they do n't owe me anything other than to deliver it to me . but two of my bridesmaids who are really close friends of mine were n't able to be with me the day i was dress shopping , and they really wanted to see it . so i asked if i could come back and try the dress on one more time with them there , and brenda was so sweet about it ! she welcomed me back warmly and helped me into the dress again . just have to say it again : amazing shop , amazing dresses , amazing people . : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bella lily is the first salon i visited . the whole process of buying a wedding dress seemed really overwhelming to me , until i stepped into this salon ! the store is gorgeous , brenda is wonderful , and i was so impressed with the quality and taste level of the gowns . she literally spent hours with me as i began to figure out what i liked and looked good on me . i was n't ready to buy a dress on my first day shopping , and ultimately purchased a gown out of state ( where i will be getting married ) so that i could share the experience with my mom . after shopping around in both phoenix and new york , bella lily is still my favorite salon . i will definitely be back when i am ready to purchase accessories for my dress . thanks brenda !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible dentist ! my first visit so i filled out forms , which i hate , and i put a line through all the no 's on oart of the health section . well he did n't like that and came out smacking his gum and asked if i was having a bad day ... i said no why ? he says i must be by the way i filled out the form so i said not at all are you ? bottom line he continued to harp on it and i said forget this ... and left ! seriously ? no wonder he has bad ratings ! what a jerk ! ! ! 1 review that is not currently recommended", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is probably the most unorganized dentist i 've been to . one time i went in at my appointment time and the front desk person said my appointment was canceled and they left me a voicemail . they did not call or leave me a voicemail . so the next time i had an appointment i called the day of to verify the time , and the front desk person said they ca n't see me then and asked to reschedule . if i did n't call i 'm sure i would show up for nothing again . do n't go to this dentist .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they have had challenges with their desk staff in the past but it is fixed now ! the new receptionist frances is top notch , friendly , efficient , knowledgeable and caring . shari the dental hygienist is as good as it gets when it comes to getting your teeth cleaned ! she is gentle yet thorough and is passionate about her craft . dr. wilson is extremely knowledgeable and accommodating , he has never suggested procedures that were not needed and he has a great sense of humor , which is always a good thing when you 're at the dentist . pride dental is just old fashion good dentistry and i recommend them to all my friends and family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far the best dental practice i have ever been to . the staff was both curious and friendly . i have been a patient with pride dental group since 2009 , and since then have referred my friends and family . dr. wilson is one of the most honest , caring , and gentle dentists i have ever had the pleasure of seeing . his hygenist is gentle and very sweet as well . together , they make their practice a very comfortable atomsphere to be in . i had to have a root canal done recently , and i am clautrophobic and have a big fear of needles . dr. wilson was so comforting through the whole procedure that by the time he was done , i was almost asleep . i would recommend pride dental to anyone who is looking for great customer , experience , and a calm , laid back atmosphere ! they are truely exceptional people , as well as in the services they provide .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "petsmart located in woodbine hwy 7 is the usual location where i pick up some toys , some treats and some can food for my dog . i really enjoy shopping there because the store is spacious so all dogs are welcome to drop in with their owners . nothing beat a wet , snowy day when your dog has been indoors from all these time to go out and socialize with other people and dogs and shopping at the same time ! they do carry a few decent brand of dog food that i do n't mind getting.. e.g blue buffalo ( http : www.bluebuff.com ) and they have the oven baked cookies treats too ... make sure you get the free pet perks card so you will get specials pricing for some of the products and they will mail you $ 5 off coupons once in awhile too !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this petsmart is nice & spacious . we often end up here on a sunday which is when they have their dog training days . so cute to watch all the different types of puppies run around . good selection of cat food , beds , carriers toys , & anything else you might need . staff is always courteous . it 's not a busy store so service is always fast . plus they have a grooming service here if your pet needs it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is as rough as a badgers arse . inside , balfours bar is deffinatly a place where you come to drink away your sorrows through the day so that you can pass out at night . you dont talk to anybody and you dont make eye contact with anybody . when you do have to make your intentions clear you do so in a muttered grumble where the only distinguishable words are rude or about urinating . when you need to smoke go outside and blinkingly step into the early morning sunlight , stare menicingly at passers by and shout at each other . you then return inside and be mean to the barstaff who are trying thier hardest not to cry and quit . go home instead of drink here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if cheap drinks , boring decor , gloomy lighting and emaciated , alcoholic drinking buddies are up your street then balfours bar is worth a shot . for the rest of us , this place sucks . i stumbled in here with my mates by chance on a night out and , even in the state we were in , we were bored and depressed by the place . the staff are nice and it has a pool table and a dartsboard for entertainment , but it 's just not good enough and does n't do anything for the overall mood of the place . i walked past here the other day at about 11:30 in the morning and there were two men and a woman shouting and swearing about how someone 's dog needed to be taken to the vet . i think that pretty much sums it up .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "grotty bar halfway down leith walk , stay there long enough and you can do your shopping as the local thieves bring their goods to you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ditto the others , this place is n't the best . but then , i think this is a local pub for certain local people , they like it this way and that 's that . nothing up with the booze at all , although my wine glass had a lipstick mark on it and i asked for it to be changed which was met with a scowl as if i was supposed to drink round it . everyone in here seemed a little forlorn and it was kind of rubbing off on me so i decided to leave it and go elsewhere . just ... blah .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best team in town customer service was excellent i was in and out and got best price around and while was there i learned how important it is to have life insurance to protect my wife and kids in case of any unexpected surprise definitely recommend this place to anyone who is looking for any type of insurance policies . the owner will take care of you personally she 's always on site to help and answer questions ..thank you guys for making my life easy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used cassidy for my business insurance and she did great ! i had no idea what i needed or how it works and she was so patient , explain to me everything and what 's the differences between one policy to the other . every time i have a question or i need something , someone is there for me . extremely professional staff . the price was the best part i 'll be transferring my home and auto to her as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cassidy and her staff are so amazingly professional ! it was incredible working with them . we first came in for car insurance but decided to go for all of our insurance needs with them . they are super patient and explains everything thoroughly . they are available for questions later which is super important , not everyone are ! i loved working with them and would definitely recommend this office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "why is there only 5 stars in this freaking app ? ! ? ! let me tell you guys , i have always had 4 different insurance agents for my properties , vehicles , businesses , toys and all . it was such a headache and impossible to follow ! until i met cassidy and her awesome team ! ! ! wow , these guys are in top of it , always pricing out better options for me , on top of my payments and making sure i 'm always current . i would say the best thing is the personal care you get , it 's as if they actually care about saving you every dime ( even when you do n't care for it ) while maintaining a booklet proof insurance coverage for you and your loved ones . i highly recommend cassidy and her crew to anyone who owns anything ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing amazing amazing ! that 's all i have to say about cassidy 's service ! ! ! fantastic team and stellar service with the arbeli agency", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cassidy arbeli is `` amazing '' she saved me a ton of money , got to know who i am and helped me learn about my insurance . she also has a great team that is there to help whenever she is busy . i highly recommend this office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'll pleasure to do business with . they handle both my business card and my personal . i referred so many people to them . their customer service is just something that 's hard to find . every time i call i get a live person on the phone , they know who i am . great prices also .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing and kind person , you always get more then what u asked , always there when you need her ... . number 1 ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you for everything ! ! ! great state farm agent - cassidy and excellent team ! any question or concern they always happy to help ... i have all insurance with them car , rental , life ... give them a chance and you will never look for a different agent", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give 100 stars that 's what i would do the best costumer service i ever had i had so many problems understanding all these crapy agents before and since i got into this office my life got easier then ever i deeply recommend this great team ! and thank you again for all you 've done for me and my family ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a bar , people . not a coffeehouse . i opened the door and turned around and walked out . if you are expecting a neighborhood coffee experience , keep looking . if there were ever a daytime hangout for drunks this would be it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "common grounds is where my life took shape , from awkward teen to happening scenester . i 've probably never had more fun inside the confines of four walls , and have made life long friendships with my coffee house friends from cg . as for the environment , it 's cool , funky , with ever changing artwork , and stuff . the coffee itself is good too.. i 'm a drip coffee sorta guy , and it 's always done it 's job.. tastes good , served hot and wires me : ) the fluffy mixed drinks are always really original and awesome too , and there are soo many choices . the staff itself is an amazing group.. some of whom have worked at common grounds for over 11 years.. that 's hard to find anywhere , especially at a coffee house . by far the coolest coffee house to hang out in , in northeast ohio , and in my opinion , the world . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like coming here but i just ca n't deal with the smoke anymore . there is a parking lot out back and area in front where people hang out . i feel like allowing smoking outside should be sufficient enough . crowding the inside with smoke is disgusting and prevents alot of people from coming here . almost no businesses allow smoking inside anymore unless they are super nasty bars . your customers who smoke are not going to stop coming if you change your rules , they will simply go outside .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was across the street grabbing brunch with my boyfriend and we both wanted to try some new coffee than our usual places . low and behold , within walking distance was common ground . not your typically coffee shop or characters within , which was probably my favorite part . it has an edgy , kind of punk feel to it and the names of the coffees are awesome . i have the dirty girl scout , which tastes just like a thin mint and my boyfriend had the banana cream . he absolutely loved his and as much as i usually dislike chocolate with my coffee , man do i love thin mints . luckily , my work office is nearby so i 'll certainly be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for a low key coffee shop with fantastic coffee then this place is perfect . the coffee selection is rather small but what they do offer is quality small batch coffee . they also offer some tasty sounding teas for those unable to partake in a stouter brew . if you 're in the area and looking for an excellent cup of coffee at a amazing price hit them up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "barista was smoking out front when we arrived . went inside to make drinks without washing her hands . the cash only is absurd . a 3.50 atm fee for a 4.50 coffee . floors were dirty and the revenue was musty and not well kept . and their toilet did n't flush", "score": "1"}
{"review": "friendly staff , neat decor ( but a bit run down ) , great variety of yummy coffee . it 's a perfect place to people watch , sit around with your friends for hours at a time or just work on your own personal project . it is quite smoky , so i would n't recommend it to non-smokers . also , at times not the best crowd gathers ( possible feuds might arise ) . open 24 7 . one of the workers makes some awesome wire trees !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been going to common grounds for years and years . the raspberry bitch kiss is by far one of my favorite drinks . everything they make is tasty but , the bitch kiss is the best ! some people are all about the ambiance of a place and some people are all about the product being served . if you 've read my reviews . you 'd know , i do n't really give a shit an out the majority of places . i cate about the service ! i cate about the food drinks some of my most favorite places have been hole in the walls . common grounds is that hole in the wall . it 's dark , there is free wifi and there is also old school video games . oh yes , old school video games that are set up . the entire place is painted black and purple . it is n't pretty , but it 's clean . the drinks are always incredible and the barista is awesome ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is not my cup of tea . i love that it 's open 24 hours and the barista is friendly . it 's nice to have somewhere to go for coffee when everywhere else is closed . however i do find the ambiance to be very off-putting and cash only is an inconvenience . i 've tried a coffee and a latte and was n't particularly impressed , but i 've heard the flavored drinks are good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so there is no debit cards allowed here . is basically a bar converted into coffee house . if you are a hipster then there is n't a more perfect location for you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the vaguest of dreams seem to exist in the realm of common grounds . at first i arrived thinking it was a simple battle ground of wits and ultimate power . being a sorcerer of time i could n't pass by the opportunity to gain wisdom and experience . to my surprise it was simply a coffee shop that never closes with a nice atmosphere , good coffee , and free wi-fi ! what a treat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "neighborhood legend . first time . i guess it 's where you want to be if you 're an internet gamer cafe person . me ? i 'm a coffee person . just wanted to try their joe . ordered the dirty girl scout . it 's that time of the season and i 'm patiently waiting for my dealer to come through with my cookies anyway ... ... it had a initial thin mint flavoring and seemed to have samoa after taste of that 's even possible . intriguing ... . i 'll be back to try other drinks ... ..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "common ground really is underrated . the coffee selection is n't really big but whatever they have , they make well . a nice coffee aroma engulfs you as soon as you walk in , which sets the mood for coffee . baristas are also casual , giving a friendly neighborhood feel to the place", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the late night coffee ! i love bringing my computer here and sitting there for hours just getting lost lol ! great place , free wifi , but they need more plugs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ice coffee is a great treat when its the dirty girl scout or the banana vanilla", "score": "5"}
{"review": "local coffee shop . great owner . not a typical chain but a good place to hang out or get things done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here the other day with my best friend . the coffee selection was smaller than i 'm used to at other places , but it tasted excellent . i got a mocha , and he got the chai tea latte . i did n't get to try his , but he told me that it was good . parking is a little interesting if you 're not used to the area , but the back lot is fairly big . the atmosphere of the place is fantastic , very chill . the picnic tables in the back provide a nice little secluded area to talk in private . i imagine it would be a good place for people who are into gaming to hang out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love to stay here ! i come once a year for a small knitting gathering . the lady who owns the hotel goes above and beyond to make our stay fantastic . the rooms are clean and the beds are comfy . the breakfast is nice and the deck outside is so relaxing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upon arrival i was assigned a room - i opened the door and someone was painting the closet door ! ( they appear to be in the middle of a renovation ) no problem , i say and go back to the desk to let them know . he says that this is the last room in the hotel and he does n't know what to do . while he is figuring it out , i and googling other possibilities . he returns and gives me another room - the jacuzzi suite . cool , i think ! i check my e-mail , decide on a place to eat and hear something outside my door . someone else has a key to my room and they are trying to get in ! they apologise and work something out , i guess , but for my entire 3 night stay , i wonder how many other people have a key to my room and if my belongings are safe . room is clean , bathroom is sparse , and ac is temperamental . i will not return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was a patient of several other chiropractors due to a mystery spinal and orthostatic intolerance issue . no one could figure out the problem . i was told to seek a `` gentle activator '' method chiropractor . dr. hallgren was one of few in the las vegas area who accepted my insurance . luckily for me he was able to `` cure '' the intolerance that was preventing me from standing for more than 30 minutes without a trip to the er in 3 weeks . his methods , care and office staff were second to none . i would highly recommend his practice for anyone who needs chiropractic care , and double recommend `` gentle activator '' method .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love this place selina was very nice to me and dr rick helped me so much with my pain ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "old school place - doc really cares about your issues and really works . the front desk staff is awesome , especially nancy . clean , efficient and just overall really great local business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far one visit . customer service was great . selina was very helpful when i called & managed to slip me in because she could tell by my voice i was in pain . it is a small office but clean . i got in early to fill out paper work . my appointment was at 4:45pm & that was the time i was seen . i love that the doctor informed he was going to ask me a series of questions because if he could not help me he would steer me to what type of care i should seek . he wanted detailed answers which i also liked & was patient . i will review again after a few sessions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never been treated so professionally as this chiropractor i was involved in an accident was left with major back pain spine was pushed tilted forward and the procedures i received at this office has been remarkable i was treated as family with sensitivity honor and respect the hands-on treatment the doctor applied was phenomenal i would definitely recommend this chiropractic thank you for such an awesome experience", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the team at decatur & craig chiropractic is the best out there . every time i was in their office everyone always was so helpful and friendly . i will be back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . selena and carla ( the office staff ) is wonderful and so helpful . selena was great at offering some helpful product called calm to help me . best of all they always help get me in for an appointment when i need at last minute . i 'm really bad at calling in plenty of time ... due to my schedule , but they have never given me a hard time . dr rick was really helpful my first visit and i 've gone several times since and would n't go anywhere else now . he is really good at listening to my needs and making me feel much better . i would definitely recommend this place to a friend and family member . he knows what he is talking about and has lots of experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok deserts . a little pricey for what you get and nothing too great . i tried the cookie and oreo cheesecake . the oreo cheesecake had very little oreo flavor and the cheesecake was n't that great . the cookie was average .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great cakes , super moist and it surprisingly taste creamy for a dessert thats egg-free . this location is slightly hidden and is a pain to turn to if your coming the rathburn ! the decor of the shop is cute . they do wedding cakes and when i asked the cashier about the shop she said that they had a brampton location that 's been up for 50 years or so something crazy like that ! this is their second location . i tried their strawberry vanilla cake and their tiramisu . both were creamy , not to sweet and it went well with my coffee ! i wish they had more varieties though . i would recommend this place for people who have crazy allergies or prefer gluten , eggs , nuts free stuff and so on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing vegan cupcakes ! ! ! ! will definitely be back ! finally , a birthday cake is in my future", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm so glad i went here to pick up a last minute cake for a bday party i did n't know i was hosting . : p. i had called around looking for a nut free egg free birthday cake to be picked up 6 hours later and no one could accommodate . i saw rashmi 's as a yelp suggestion and decided to drop by as they said they had cakes available . lo and behold they had maybe 6 cakes available to take home right away . in addition they had some pastries , individual cupcakes and even single slices of cake to take home to enjoy . the cake was moist and delicious and tasted even better the next day with a hot cup of tea . many could not believe it was egg free ! i 'm so grateful for them supplying special baked goods that everyone can enjoy . i will most definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is our go to place for eggless cakes . our bridal shower cake was a hit ! also excellent for birthday cakes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to go pick up some equipment from fitness depot and spotted this bakery . the decor inside is very modern and the staff were incredible friendly - greeted us right away . they are a vegetarian bakery , vegan and gluten free . their products also do not have nuts . i tried a vegan vanilla cupcake and was surprised at how moist it was . it was nothing compared to a regular cupcake but having tried cupcakes from bunners ( downtown toronto ) i actually liked theirs better . for those with insensitives and intolerances , this bakery is a great place to check out . their display cakes and cake flavours were also interesting - from mango to strawberry shortcake . they also deliver .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great ramen ! recommend to anybody looking for a great casual cafe with delicious rame . i hald tonkatsu spicy ramen . service was pleasant and really welcoming . this is my go to place for japanese ramen soup !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great new establishment . we tried the shoyu ramen and the chicken teriyaki with a free milk tea thanks to their grand opening special , and i 'm happy to say it was all delicious . the ramen shined with an amazing depth of flavor and the teriyaki was lightly coated with a rich sauce for tons of flavor that did n't overwhelm your palette . the staff was friendly and brought the food out to us . most importantly , it was very clean and it was a genuinely satisfying experience overall . definitely coming back in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered take-out which you 'd think with ramen is a bad idea , but they packaged up the broth and noodles separate . ordered the tonkatsu and shoya ramen which were both done well . the seaweed salad was small and a little too sweet . got a boatload of fried rice which was well done . they do n't skimp on the ingredients . ordered some chicken katsu which the kids loved . food came out quick ! my favorite japanese diner ! will go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tokyo cafe is a special little restaurant . very good japanese curry and miso ramen ! the flavor is great , and takes me back to when i spent some time in japan . the gyoza is also a go-to for my visits here , either the fried or steamed versions . i honestly have n't tried many other dishes but my friends are big fans of the curry udon too . oh , they do offer a cold soba meal too . perfect for a hot summer afternoon , and comes with a generous portion of tempura . i come back usually once a week !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "surely not the best ramen in town but i enjoy coming here because the food comes out quick and i can always expect the same type of service . the workers are very nice and the price is n't bad either . the soup is a bit watered down but i 'll live : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the chicken fried rice is very good . good price and you get a large quantity . better than italian china or any of the other names it 's had before . glad the food is finally good . boba drinks are good too-mango one . the cashier was very nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pork katsu curry ... the best here . priced like many other places i 've been to that sell similar foods , but with twice as much meat . definitely worth it . i always leave a tip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best fried rice yet ! so being the typical yelper i saw this new place . i have seen many businesses come and go from this location . on our first visit , it was 45 mins before closing . no one was eating in , there were people waiting for to go orders . the weather was horrible that day so , that did n't surprise me . we ordered the tonkotsu ramen it was great ! flaw or was amazing , it had plenty of noodles and fixings ! my mom ordered the veggie tempura udon soup ! mmmmm i almost regretted having ramen after tasting the udon . tempura was krispy you could tell it was not store bought or frozen . to go we orders chicken fried rice . the rice did n't have much color to it , which in my opinion is good . i hate rice that has overwhelming soy sauce flavor . this rice was great . the chicken to rice ratio was great and the portions on their meals are a steal for the price they are charging . not one thing is priced over $ 8.00 ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great good very inexpensive ! i had the pork katsu curry and my wife had chicken katsu curry both were excellent ! we messed up and order a appetizer of edamame way to much food . most everything here you could probably split there is so much food . we highly recommend you stop in here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very fordable big bowl of ramen soup well worth it ..it was so delicious i could n't even finish it all i had to take the rest home and have it for dinner i ordered the miso ramen", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got the teriyaki bowl ! it was very good . but they put a lot of sauce . i would recommend to have the sauce on the side . i also got the taro milk tea ! ! this was awesome ! ! ! ! i would recommend this place to anyone visiting or wants to try food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything is under $ 8 and they serve you a mountain of food . delicious and the best customer service . the perfect little restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "come here regularly . i 'd rather come here than go to chinatown for my ramen . they get the job done and overall , i 've never left unsatisfied . the ramen portions are huge . i honestly wish they had a half size portion . teriyaki chicken is great . i would prefer this place over teriyaki madness . so if you 're craving ramen and on the north side of town , come here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best japanese food ( ramen , curry , etc ) this side of town . comparable to japan ... i know , i 've been there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a wonder how they are n't shut down . in my opinion the most absolute worst smells , and tastes i have ever encountered in my entire life . inedible all of it . it had some grill outside the entry door and boxes everywhere so we were not sure if they were open other than the sign . we knew they had opened awhile ago and perhaps should have not gone in .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "having the tempura udon again because it 's my favorite . love this place they have great food and service , not over priced . casual place to grab some yummy food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no need to drive down spring mountain flamingo ! the curry udon tastes really good . the ramens are as good as those in spring mt as well . do n't forget to add those garlic paste on your ramen soup .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only just ok. price is fair but the server has a very unpleasant look to her . food tastes alright although when you order spicy ramen , it really is spicy , which is a pleasant surprise . as long as you do n't expect much or anything fancy , this place is ok. do n't order boba drink though . the boba does n't taste fresh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a noodle craving and looked up places in north las vegas . i 've driven by this place thousands of times and finally decided to give it a shot . the service was friendly and guy at register recommended the tonkotsu ramen so went with that . ramen was good and spicy as advertised . served with pork , half an egg and other stuff i do n't know the name of . the amount of food you get is a good portion size for the price . food was very good and the only thing i would recommend is an upgrade in appearance . place seems very dated and there were boxes stacked up in a corner which were visible from the parking lot . i would definitely come back and try other stuff on the menu and i 'm glad i now have another option of food in this area that is already loaded with food options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's nice to finally have a ramen place on this side of town . the tonkatsu ramen is my favorite with a little spice and my husband always gets either the miso or shoyu , which are good also . we 've also ordered the beef fried rice a couple of times and it definitely did not disappoint : p", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was fantastic ! although it has a limited menu , it is the best hole in the wall place i have found in las vegas for asian inspired food . the portions are enormous ! i got the veggie fried rice and will have enough for three meals . the food was delivered fresh and piping hot ... so hot we had to let it cool a bit before we could eat it . give it a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is definitely the best bowl of ramen i 've ever had . i came in starving and got the tonkatsu ramen and fried gyoza . loved it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the drive up to roosevelt from globe is the first time i have ever taken that way en route to payson . the drive is so beautiful and takes you around the entire lake . you get the opportunity to drive on the bridge over the dam . as soon as you pass through the bridge you will see plenty of open spots to stop and take pictures ! was interesting to see how much the drought of arizona has take a toll on the beautiful lake . as you drive down the water starts to disappear . pretty remarkable when you notice the boat loading has no water to load a boat into . overall enjoy the beautiful views of roosevelt lake !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hidden enchanted location near mesa . spectacular lakes between mountains , perfect for weekend trip and fun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am sorry to say i was not impressed at all with this place . i had the italian stallion pizza on the recommendation of a friend . it was the only pizza on the menu that had meat on it . i almost could n't eat the pizza because it was so salty ! now do n't get me wrong , i like salt , but this was way over the top . the crust was soft in the middle because you could not pick up a slice . it was not due to an excessive amounts of toppings at all . we had 3 different pizzas in our group , and we all had the same issue with the soggy centers . the staff did not impress me either . it was not that busy , but the service seemed slow . i guess you could call the atmosphere there shabby chic , leaning on shabby . i had several people all say this place was good , but i'ld take a firedpie , or a mod pizza over this anyday ! not only are they much cheaper , but there much better !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i can not say enough good things about their pizza and i have only tried one kind . the dolce diavolo is amazing ! ! ! ! it is spicy and sweet and just plain delicious . i ca n't get myself to order anything else because it 's too good to pass up . this place is way better than pizzeria bianco in my opinion . the restaurant is small and fitting for the area of downtown glendale . service is great as well . the new york cheesecake is also a must try , its homemade and so creamy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all i had was the pizza bianca , so while i do n't know much about this place , i do know this : - chewy chewy crust . in my opinion , an awesome thing . pizza crust should not be a cracker , nor should it be a slice of white bread . - hot as blazes . like , that thing flew out of the oven . - garlic ! i really enjoy garlic , and i 'm guessing they do , too . ... and most importantly : i will return !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure what they did to the pizza the day that guy fieri went in there . i checked it out shortly after seeing it on tv . i was less than impressed . the pizza was n't bad , but it surely was n't great . not worth the line you have to wait in . did n't live up to any hype and i 've been to a few places that have been on fieri 's show . hodad 's in sd is phenominal . pizzeria luigi in sd is better than al forno . i 've been to the best pizza joints in the country and al forno is average . i 'd eat at red devil before i 'd eat at forno . red devil is my fav az pizza , not my favorite pizza joint in phx though . i like pizza by napoli .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great little nugget of a place ... tucked away in glendale . we had a pizza as an appetizer ( great crust and sauce ) and shared the pesto lasagna and bolognese - both also very good . to make this very simple - this place is solid . the service was excellent , the food was delicious and i just do n't know what else to add . i 'd hit this place without a doubt the next time i 'm in the area . i 've eaten italian good twice the price and it was n't half as good - trust me , this place takes a lot of pride in their food ... and it shows .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious food , great atmosphere . try the salvatore pizza", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pizza from the streets of italy . this is a fabulous italian pizzeria . their toppings , sauce to crust ratios are reminisce of my visit to italy , to venice and carbonara . they have two types of margherita pizza . my favorite pizza the salvatore with the prosciutto di parma and basil . i was told by other sources that if you want bread , you must explicitly ask for it , or you will get none . ask and ye shall receive . another must order is the ravioli . we ordered the 4 cheese ravioli , but next time , we are eager to try the mushroom and garlic stuffed full moon ravioli . the sauces are full-bodied and so very tasty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "go for the pizza , if nothing else ( get the traditional , not a `` pizza the hut '' abomination covered in sausage and meat. ) . add a dry and fruity italian red like a chianti , brunello , dolcetto , or valipocella , and you might impress your data and find yourself as close to heaven on earth as it gets ! absolutely the best pizza i 've had on the west side .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came on a thursday night and beat a small rush . i ordered the spaghetti baked pie and a peporoni pizza . the spaghetti pie was pretty good but lacking sauce , it barly came with any and the sauce was good . my son got the pizza and im glad i gave it a try , it was the best peperoni pizza ive ever had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being from italy , florence , to be precise , my wife and i were curious about this much touted place as being authentic , to the point of resembling a pizzeria in naples . i lived and worked in naples for some years on the italian hit soap opera un posto al sole ( a place in the sun ) . much to our dismay we found this place to be dingy and unkept , and our table had scratch marks on it . the place could have used a paint job . pizzerias in naples may be small , but they are neat . this was 8 months back so maybe by now it 's been improved . i can only speak of our experience at the time . the pizza was adequate but nothing to drive more than five miles for . if you happen to be in the area and want a pizza by all means stop in , otherwise go to pizza bianco , named one of the top ten pizzerias in the country .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this place ! i have been going here for years for my pizza and it never disappoints . it can get busy when there are events in downtown glendale , so i avoid it on those times only because it 's just so busy . i ca n't speak for anything other than the pizza , because that is all i get when i visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not impressed as one pizza was cold and soggy from sitting too long and the other was so thin on toppings it was doughy crust and watery sauce that i could n't pick up and had to cut it with a fork . the pasta dish we ordered was decent but that too was on the cold side . would have been 3 stars but the server and hostess really did n't seem to really care that we were there . not like there were a lot of customers to choose from and now we know why it was not crowded . you should n't have to keep asking for drink refills , beers , parmesan cheese , peppers , bread and everything else when you pay for food . if they were n't so cold to deal with i was going to send the pizzas back to be heated up but i did n't dare take a chance . lots of good pizza places in the vicinity to spend that much money on cold soggy pizza . pretend like food channel is coming in again and serve the quality food you once had .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "using my phone so this is going to be short . recommended by guy fieri , my family ate here and loved it . food is excellent and worth going out of your way for . thumbs up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my honey decided to surprise me with dinner plans last night here.. we waited a bit but not too long.. my fav dish on their menu is the baked spaghetti . when i asked the waitress she advised it was a discontinued item.. i am highly disappointed by this statement.. we asked why , her response was , we want to be known for our speciality , our pizza , not the baked spaghetti . she stated that it was a limited time only.. now mind you , every table around us had at least three to four pizzas on them.. i think folks know you make pizza . bring back the baked spaghetti and i will consider coming back to your restaurant.. wood fired pizzas are every where ... but the baked spaghetti was only found at your location . maybe lou malnatis that is opening in our neighborhood after the first of the year will have it and my business ... your food is good , but ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been to la piazza three times now and i am resigned to the fact that it is good , not great , but good . there was a two hour wait once and that was terrible , but other than that , i have always had a decent experience . i have had the italian stallion and bianco pizzas and they were both good . that being said , anyone who says that this is the best pizza in the valley is out of their minds . while la piazza is quite good , it has a long way to go to be in the same class as pizzeria bianco or cibo .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing ! ! great food , servers , and atmosphere.. the chicken pesto lasagna was the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been here several times and have yet to be disappointed . if you go during the weekend dinner rush you might wait a bit but it is so worth it ... they use fresh ingredients and cook the pizza just right . the calamari was great and the dessert ? make sure to leave room !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time there . sandy my waitress was amazing . she made my first experience a memorable one . i even got a hug . the diablo pizza was to die for . just the perfect amount of spice . great recommendation sandy . ca n't wait to come back and bring more friends . till then .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife loves their linguini and clams with white wine sauce . flavor was great , and they are not shy with the amount of clams in their sauce . i love pizza , but i do not love theirs . tried a couple pizzas but i didnt think the content or flavor stood out to me . pizza is a 3 5 linguini and clams 5 5 . if you are the owner and you are reading this : do n't ever change anything about your linguini and clams .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while the food was decent , the service was terrible . no water refills , no plates provided with the pizza , pans never removed from the table ( even when dessert was delivered ) . this place is simply not worth the wait .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the italian stallion might be the best pizza i 've eaten . the bruchette is delicious . the chocolate canoli is almost worth dying for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was awesome and their service was great ! we got our food brought to us within 15 minutes during a busy time . the only complaint that we have is that if you do n't have your whole party with you do n't bother to show up and get a table . the whole party has to be there before you are able to be seated . also , it closes between 3 and 5 . we ordered three different pizzas . we had the margarita pizza , italian stallion and the white pizza . they were all very good but my favorite was the white pizza . the pumpkin cheesecake is amazing but very delicate .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is incredible . i had chicken marsala and my wife had pollo dell casa . both were very flavorful , fresh , & delicious . we topped this awesome meal with coffee , and 2 of the best desserts either of us have ever tasted . homemade cheesecake & cananoli . this place is great , and has been featured on `` diners , drive in 's & dives `` it truly is a wonderful place of home cooked food and home town fun !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just o.k . we had the italian stallion , it tasted very good , but between 2 adults left us pretty hungry . for 14 dollars , it seemed to be more of an appetizer .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a cute spot with good wood fired pizza with some italian influence . my husband and i split a pizza and salad . the italian stallion pizza was a must try for meat lovers . the spinach salad was also yummy ! the pastas going out to other tables also looked delicious . we will definitely go back ! fun little date night spot in old town glendale .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for my birthday & loved everything i had ! i lived in italy for 4 years so i am very picky when it comes to italian food . the frutti de mare dish was just as i remember it tasting in italy ! my husbands pizza was also very good . we 'll be back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little pizza joint . best i 've had in phoenix area . mussels calamari appetizer was delightful . pizza was super yummy . we went around 5pm on a saturday and had no wait . the line was getting quite long as we were leaving . waitress rocked . loved her . good pick .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great pizza ! the toppings are flavorful . the crust had the perfect amount of chewiness . they use a high quality cheese and the sauce was well balanced . i will definitely go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when guy fieri of food network 's `` diners , drive-ins & dives '' visited this little known entity in old downtown glendale , i thought twice , three times , ok ... i had to go see the guys from jersey who like all other easterners come west and say they are going to make a killer pizza , but usually end up with the usual corrugated cardboard with flavorless cheese food and a red spot called sauce . my search has finally ended . this place blew me away with their wonderful la piazza verde with it 's tasty carmelized onions , mushrooms , roasted peppers and ... .drumroll ... .arugula ! it was a flavor savior and i enjoyed every bite ! my wife had the margherita and she loved it too with it 's fresh mozzarrella and tasty basil . friendly atmosphere . great service . reasonably priced . make sure you get to try one of their chocolate covered cannolis . to die for , but do n't ! you want to come back for more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good pizza but not out of this world . the atmosphere was great . the baked spaghetti was not on the menu when i came in but is available . the staff is friendly and efficient .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is good but service from the hostesses sucked ! she seated all the 2s and 4s before us because we were 3 people . she said she did n't want to waste an empty spot . so we got to wait over an hour and she seated all other guests before us , even people just walking up . ignorance at it 's worst . and no apology or anything . if i was the owner , i 'd be ashamed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like the dolls house ! first it 's next door to the hot dog stop and second , i 'm always amazed by the miniatures they have in back . when my daughter was very young we bought her a miniature house that you could decorate each of the rooms . when my son and i started building models , we were always on the lookout for small items that would accentuate what we were working on . well they 're all grown , but i still enjoy coming here to look at the miniatures . over the years , we 've collected ceramics of each of our animals . lol btw , they have toys and other things for kids , too . so , they 're a-ok in my book . enjoy !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! ! ! dont let the name fool you into thinking its only doll house items , they have some of the coolest toys i have ever seen ! after working in the airpark for almost 10 years i finally went into this place as i was in need of a birthday gift and saw the `` & toys '' on their sign . i am so glad i did ! it is now my # 1 go to spot for all the kiddo 's in my life ! they have toys for all age ranges from infants on up . we just had a baby and i have to reign it in when i go in so i dont go broke . i have now been back 3 times in the past month since i discovered this place . all the toys i have brought to birthday parties have been a huge hit and very unique ! i cant wait to do all my christmas shopping here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter is quite the doll connoisseur , and when she saw the dolls and how well made her `` american girl '' dolls suddenly became relegated to the corner and under the bed . the dolls are a bit pricey , but not when compared to american girl and the like . they have every accessory that you could want and when you bring your new dolls back in they will do a full check up and well baby clinic . i am surprised that this place is n't more well known . once it is , if you have young girls in your life who like dolls-you better watch out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store is pretty awesome . you wo n't find the `` same 'ol thing '' here which is so refreshing . the toys are hands on and imaginative . puzzles , games , trains , dolls , oh and doll houses and the furniture , you will find something unique and entertaining . maybe even a cookie . will definitely be back ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was so happy to find this place so close to my house . there are only two other doll house stores in the state as far as i can tell and one is in tucson . i would rather buy from a small business than on line where possible . on occasion i have seen things on line and printed them off to see if they can get them in for me and they have been more than accommodating . sam and suri the owners are always so helpful . i will continue to shop here for many years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went for our first time last week . was so disappointed . i was going to order a glass of wine but not $ 12 for 5 ounces . i had the halibut fish for $ 28 . too expensive and i was hungry afterwards . the portion was not worth the price . there are many better restaurants around with better food options and good value . the brooklyn tavern is close by . the food and wine and great with great prices ! ! i will not be returning to this place : )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been a few times . go if you 're comfortable paying a little more for quality food and atmosphere vs. some of the other cheaper but mediocre places in the area . it 's a nice , welcome addition to the neighourhood along with pinkertons bar . the burger is tasty , not too big , juicy with very good fries . i also liked the fish cakes which were flavorful and light and the ceasar salad . i 've always found the staff to be friendly and attentive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went here for lunch and it was delicious ! the food was tasty , presented well , and of excellent quality . our server was very attentive and we thought the ambiance was bright and airy , while still having the pub feel . i 'm looking forward to going here for dinner next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gluten-free review : i had dinner here in a saturday night with a small group . we made a reservation and were seated promptly . when we first arrived the place was about 70 % full , but within an hour it was packed . the service started off great but as the place became more busy it was hard to pin down the wait staff . they seemed understaffed , so i do n't blame the waiter , but it took us a while to order and pay . additionally , a number of items we ordered did not come out and we had to remind our waiter , which would take a while to catch him . other than that , the food was fantastic . they have a number of gluten-free options and are willing to make accommodations for additional allergies . i had the mutton chop , which was fantastic . they also have a selection of ciders , wines and gluten-free cocktails , along with a couple of mocktails . tl ; dr good food , accommodates allergies , slow service", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tasting menu for a special birthday . an assortment of wonderful starter bites , amazing steak tartare , caesar salad with huge slab bacon , boneless oxtail confit served wellington style , hasselback potatoes with shaved foie gras , roasted carrots , roasted cauliflower , 3 desserts including deconstructed cheesecake with candies bacon . absolutely amazing meal with each course better than the previous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upscale pub with high quality food and excellent ambience . their 5 sausage special was deliciously savory and the gnocchi was just the right density . i 'd go again . not a place for children if you do n't have a reservation , as the bar tables are too high for child seats and they do n't have boosters .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent ambience and service . beer selection was great and sauage appetizer excellent . my wife had an excellent cod dish , my swordfish was good , fries were supreme . great place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you can - get a table at the kitchen `` show '' bar ! awesome energy ! okay -- food wise all was delicious . creative . meticulous . loved it all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here with a big group of family , we were 7 in total . the restaurant was packed , even though it was a wednesday . the drinks were fantastic . decent value for the price . the wine list was quite short , and expensive if bought `` by the glass '' . as a big group , were ordered lots of starters and mains and shared . the burrata was perfect , and made with grilled peaches and a balsamic vinegar . the pickled pepperoni was average , as were the fish cakes . for mains , i had the lasagna and it was unlike anything i 've eaten before - rich flavours with the tomato sauce on the outside . the striploin steaks were quite large , but you need to order a side ( mains are a la carte ) . service was good but the mains were slightly slow to come out . to be expected with a large group . it was a wonderful experience and i 'd definitely recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another solid addition to the hood . the place is gorgeously refurbished , sexy and welcoming . i went once for drinks and a snack of beef tartar ( with their tasty hot sauce ) and then came back a days later with my so and my two kids . my youngest had a sausage and some of their amazingly tasty homemade bread ( three different kinds when you order it off of the menu ) so and i had the roast chicken for 2 which my kiddos ended up sharing with us too . so moist and tasty ! was surprised at how high end the place was but the vibe is n't at all stuffy . the servers are laid back and on their game and will happily navigate you through any menu questions . i felt badly for the bartender when i was there both times it seemed like she was flying solo for the entire restaurant and did n't stop moving . we 'll be back for sure just not as often as i 'd hoped going in as its far fancier ( pricier ) than i had hoped .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if the food matched the decor they would have a winning formula . sadly , it does not . i wish i could describe the food we had as mediocre , but that would be embellishing . you will spend a fortune and walk away saying , `` for what we spent we could have gone to ( insert the name of your favourite restaurant where you actually enjoy your meal ) '' , instead of a forgettable one . if an entire table of people could not find one item they enjoyed , that pretty much sums up our evening .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stopped in for drinks sat . march 11 to round off birthday celebrations with my fella . so glad we made the maple leaf part of our night . had a warm welcome at the bar . really felt that neighbourhood bar vibe . great conversation throughout the night with our trusty bar keep on everything from scottish-irish politics , tequila , theories on local resto openings and closing to championing the longevity of `` my bar '' ... thanks for to fun end to our evening ! ! p.s . the canadian coffee is a perfect cold weather warmer-upper ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing deli ... middle of nowhere one stop shop ... do n't miss the brewery !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thanks go to mason for leading our little party to this amazing spot ! the deli & farm gift shop is totally amazing and super adorable . the brownie is decadent , rich and with the right amount of crunch & gooey ratio . scotch egg was yum , sausage roll got the thumbs up . much cheese was bought and consumed . they have my fave ( comte ) which was a super added bonus . great place to stop for a bite and a wander around . try not to miss the brewery tours like we did ... ( gives us a reason to go back ! ) . do n't be afraid to ask for tasters of the beers , grab a pint and sit on a comfy couch to enjoy it ! if only i had a car ... i 'd totally be back.. but i 'm sure i 'll find a way to return.. somehow !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "come here ... .buy seafood , buy cheese ... ... be happy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good find here . although on both visits it does get busy , so noise can bouce around and it 's fairly popu ; ar with parents and kids . other than that , food seems to be good . but they are just far too aldente with the french beans on visit one . after saying twice that the needed to be cooked more ( served rock hard to us ) we used the microwave to blast them . they did however take the beans off the bill and apoligised . lovely wee gift shop full of delightful and dainty gifts . the deli is just as good and stocks the beer from the microbrewery much to the hubbies delight .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very unimpressed with the psychiatrist . she was unhelpful and did not listen to me . she mocked what my therapist and other experienced professionals i know had said about my diagnosis . she was cold and uncaring and rather than help me gave me three names of inpatient treatment centers and sent me on my way in tears . waste of $ 180 and my time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i called to ask basic questions such as what services they offered , insurance coverage etc . the receptionist was very polite and was willing to help and answered all my questions . when it came down to actually schedule the appointment , per policy they required a card number on the account to because they charged $ 20 to hold the appointment . if for whatever reason i needed to cancel it was required to notify them 48hrs in advanced or else they would then use that card and withdraw the full amount of $ 180 . i did n't schedule or see them . it just did n't sit well with me that they would need a card number to schedule an appointment .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a surprisingly tasty dessert ! i 'm an original tart girl when it comes to yogurt . the tart flavor was a very nice blend to the sweet fruit toppings . the service was friendly . once you walk in the door they offered sample cups . the decor was simple , but fitting to the environment . there are multiple flavors to pick from , including sorbet . watermelon sorbet was n't as good as i hoped , but not bad . the pomergrante raspberry had a nice berry tart kick . there were lots of toppings to choose from ... the typical fruits and chocolate . the mochi option was a nice touch to the selection . of coarse the 10 % off your bill after checking in on yelp made the treat even sweeter !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i must say ... kiwispoon has made an improvement since they opened ! i had had some negative items to talk about ... . but i must say , they added two tart flavors , and they 're pretty good ! still not the pinkberry consistency , but it 's gotten better and definitely not the icy gritty taste of menchies . one thing they have over piccadilly is the sorbet . i must say , they do have good sorbet . i 'm still in search of a rival that will battle that of yogurtland and pinkberry , but it 's decent . stop in and you can compare for yourself !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "how can two froyo places open at almost the same time on the same road and both be amazing ? i can only go to one at a time ... this place is very good . i really really like the yellow cake froyo , even more than the froyo at picadilly . the selection is also good as far as the number of flavors and the variety of toppings . the one slight negative of this place compared to picadilly is that kiwispoon is somewhat of an out of state chain while picadilly is local , though this kiwispoon does n't seem to have the same menu as the rest of them in ct so i 'm not entirely sure what the actual relationship is . that being said , this place is just as good and cheaper . if organic , vegan , and local matter more to you versus price then go to picadilly . if you just want great froyo , you ca n't go wrong either way . try them both i say .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kiwispoon is a very typical frozen yogurt joint when it comes to frozen yogurt but they go above and beyond with a trendy seating area overlooking coventry road and even iphone chargers . got ta try the cookie dough and yellow cake froyo . 45 cents an ounce for froyo is pretty reasonable as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "debatably , the best frozen yogurt anywhere . undebatably , the least expensive . great decor , least fluffy , best interiors , cleanest and best selection . there are 14 selections of yogurt including peach sorbet and root beer float . they also have bubble tea and smoothies too ! at 45 cents an ounce and no time lost while they try do n't to sign you for some dumb card while your ice cream melts like some places , kiwispoon rates number one of all local yogurt shops .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "woo hoo , some darn good frozen yogurt . i 've been to menchies a few times and yogurt vi more than a few times , and this was my first time at kiwispoon . i have to say , i prefer it more than the others . ambience-wise , looks very nice and inviting . selection-wise , they have a good amount of frozen yogurts that taste quite a bit like ice cream ; not the same as some of the other places . plus they have some sugar free and even a couple vegan options which i really appreciated . but when it comes to these kinds of places , what really grabs my attention is the topping assortments ; and kiwi does not disappoint ! they had , by far , more unique and tasty toppings than some of the other places i 've been to . and 45 cents per ounce , pretty similar to others . unless i 'm totally stuffed from nearby great dinners , i plan to stop into kiwispoon every time i 'm on coventry ( which thankfully for diet purposes , is n't that often ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kiwispoon is a solid froyo option in cleveland heights . three stars for reasonable prices and a friendy , unassuming staff store . i was n't a huge fan of the flavors available the day i was there ( i tend to like tart flavors ) but i still thought it was pretty good . they also had a decent choice of toppings as well . honestly , i think i prefer some other froyo options in the area but because of the prices kiwispoon is definitely a better choice if you get froyo pretty often .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "at kiwispoon , i had both the chocolate trio froyo and the cinnamon bun froyo . i also sampled the tart froyo . in my opinion the tart froyo was too tart . the cinnamon bun froyo was good . the chocolate trio froyo met my expectations . all of the frozen yogurts had good texture - thick and not too watery . toppings were okay . i think the mochi topping could have been a little better and the brownie toppings were a little small . good variety though . one word of warning - if you look up kiwispoon , there is a huge frozen yogurt chain in connecticut which is not affiliated with this store . i was a little bummed when i found out that the promotion offered in the connecticut store did not apply in the store in ohio . but the froyo was good , so it 's okay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a little hard to find . the yogurt was ok but a little bit too sweet . similar to any froyo places in cleveland heights unfortunately , their fruits were not that fresh either . you can ask for samples and water , so that helps !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place feels like a piazza in italy while being indoors in montreal . staff was extremely friendly , much more friendly and helpful than the average waiter in montreal . the food was delicious , but if you order pasta , the serving is a bit on the small side . if you are feeling hungrier , i would suggest getting a pizza which is a much more generous serving . aside from the serving size , the menu has many choices to please everyone in your party .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as a pizza lover i can honestly say that this will be my regular spot ! food was excellent and very affordable . the ingredients were fresh and offered a unique taste i 've never had before . plus the decor makes you feel like you 're in a small village in italy . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it looks like a little piazza . they do coffee , lunch and dinner . good and cheap which is rare in that section of montreal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best spot to indulge yourself with some italian ( and not only ! ) food : the best espresso and pizza , guaranteed . great ambiance with a fountain in the middle and grand piano . large space and luminous atmosphere . perfect location and extremely professional service . \u00e0 voir !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "family-style place with authentic food . friendly service , not very noisy . all the pizzas i tasted were great . i recommend for a lunch or for dinner with friends . there is also a nice selection of appetizers , and reasonably affordable wine bottles .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really delicious pizza , coffee and desert - feels very authentic , beautiful inside . they are close to another wood over pizza place on stanley but i find their prices and food a little better . nicer atmosphere inside too - very friendly staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty bad , unfortunately . it is a nice place . pizza 's are slightly expensive . our pizza 's were burnt , they offered us new ones , but those still tasted burnt . not as big as some here suggested , normal size for italian pizza . service was a bit slow , the waitress was new though . the red beer was good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough good things about their service ! quick , efficient , and friendly . my a c went out in the middle of the night and after reading a few reviews on yelp decided to give them a call at 3am . they called right back and offered to come right away or at 7am . i did n't want to make them get out of bed so i opted on 7am which is when he showed up ... on time ! thanks fellow yelpers for the reviews . they were spot on . i highly recommend sun country .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so impressed with the service of the company i am still stunned . ac was blowing hot air , called , they came as quickly as imaginable , without an extra fee . the tech , richard , came to the door , asked about the problem , where to get on the roof , and within 20 minutes came down an said he was done . no pressure , no you need a new unit , no bla bla , you 're a woman i 'm sticking it to you ... .fixed and done . the total almost made me kiss him ... last year i was gouged $ 1200 for the same problem . sun country is now on my speed dial .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommended this place to everyone . i like the way they run their business . honesty ! ! ! especially the guy name ray . he came to my salon to fix my heater . trust me , you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just purchased our home & they came to check our heating which we did n't need done & they said it was part of our home warranty which it was n't . now they wanted us to pay them $ 65 & my husband spoke with them & they agreed that we could pay $ 35 . now instead they sent it on to a collection agency which we were shocked because we had paid for it on 12 7 . i would never recommend this business . so i want to say that this company did not send it on to a collection agency . the collection agency had the wrong number .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a+ from start to finish ! i had an ongoing roof leak that was coming from under my old a c unit . when sun country pulled the old unit they found some of the plywood was severly damaged and they could n't install new unit until i got roof repaired . they worked well with my roofer and got the job done the next day . i highly recommend them . from sales rep that came out to do estimate , to the office staff , and the crew in uniform , very polite , and cleaned up after themselves . they were not the cheapest but no where near the highest estimate . and to top it off , the include a three year ( twice a year ) service agreement with purchase !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overpriced and unprofessional . go somewhere else . trust me ! average nails . terrible over all relaxing experience . and that 's the main reason i get my nails done professionally . for the `` pampering '' experience that i paid for , but did not get . pedicures advertised as $ 20 , until you get there and they 're $ 25 ... why lie ? nails are really expensive for regular color . overall very disappointing !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i visited this nail salon for the first time today . i am very pleased with my nails . their attention to detail is amazing and i felt very comfortable at the salon . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to fancy nail salon 3 or 4 times . huong is the one who does my nails i love all the different designs the ideas that she comes up with . it 's all colored acrylic `` no polish '' my nails last for a pretty long time , but it is a little pricey .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "evil company taking advantage of signage confusion to engage in predatory clamping and towing practices with their partner in crime united towing ! i spoke to starbuck 's corporate about this issue and they claim that they have asked key man repeatedly to put up better signage to avoid confusion . key man will not comply because they are crooks that are taking advantage of the situation !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "agree with previous reviewer- very shady and they just need to move . i can understand ticketing and booting people when the lot is full , but the lot was not . of course the starbucks assigned lots were full , but there were a ton of key man spots available . some `` friendly '' neighbor common sense would be lovely , but not for these guys the way it sounds . this has been going on for years ... . bbb review on key man also- http : www.bbb.org charlotte business-reviews office-buildings key-man-building-in-charlotte-nc-120818 complaints # breakdown", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the key man building is shady as hell ! do n't rent space here ! they boot or tow your clients ! they have nothing better to do than to call the towing company . horrible business practices ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "agree with all other posters . this is a total scam and the landlord is 100 % complicit with the booting . there 's plenty of other parking in the back lot for all tenants and they have no right to boot and charge 80 fucking dollars to get it removed . the ll should be sued .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "key man is complicit in predatory booting and towing practices , most notably at the starbucks on east blvd . if they want patrons to have any idea where to park they should clearly mark what spaces are for what business . spray `` reserved '' in the spot . they are crooks and should be ashamed on their shady business practices .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a complete joke and oversees a parking scam . beware if you are in the starbucks parking lot . i parked in an unmarked spot-there was no visible no parking sign and in the two minutes i went into starbucks had a boot in my car and had to pay $ 75 plus an additional ten percent because i did n't have cash . i plan on taking it up with the city as it needs to be investigated and i 'm clearly not the only one who has experienced this . their `` parking signs '' are randomly dispersed through the lot , are not placed in every spot , can not be seen from certain spots , are misleading and unclear and someone needs to take action .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am the latest victim of the key man building predatory booting scam . this is obviously their real business . i 'll never go to the east blvd . starbucks again because of it ( love you starbucks ) and i would never support any of the businesses in the key man building . who owns this lot ? i want to know .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yes ! the honey rice corn dish thing is so fabulous . the fajitas and the guacamole dish are bomb.com", "score": "4"}
{"review": "new restaurant to the biltmore . happy hour is really good , pork quesadilla with a sweet habanero , is fantastic ! ! ! ! great drinks selection , free chips and salsa , great happy hour menu . waitress staff are friendly , quick and handled a party of 10+ with separate checks with no issues . im looking forward to going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place was nice . we sat at the window by the outside tables , so we were inside but feeling like we were outside . = ) i ordered the chicken torta lunch with french fries . it was ok . nothing to dance around about . the service was ok too . so so ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great happy hour deals here ! i loved the cotija grilled corn and bbq pork cheese crisp and was extremely jealous of my friend 's order of the shrimp and corn cheese crisp that she enjoyed . drinks were yummy and reasonable . i ca n't wait to come back to order that shrimp and corn cheese crisp and maybe some fresh guacamole .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok , biltmore what is going on with your dwindling dining and shopping options lately ? decided ( mistakenly ) to try this place but should have stuck to original plans of going to true food . anyways , the food and service really fell through here . no water was offered , no salt pepper , no flavor , nothing . chipotle makes this place look authentic and 5 star worthy . the nachos had no toppings and the tacos , no flavor just veggies on a tortilla . after the food was thrown at us not even a chance to complain because we were n't even asked how it was . the server dropped the check and did n't even offer to box what we did n't eat because obviously he knew what we were eating did n't satisfy yet did n't try to correct the situation . i 'll be spending my happy hours and lunches at true food , stingray or hillstone while at the biltmore from now on . fail .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was a skeptical about this place simply because i 'm not a big fan of mexican american restaurants . however , prove me wrong and you shall be rewarded ! needless to say , black chile proved me wrong and i loved it . i ordered the carne asada tacos , which i thought were amazing . the beef was tender and the spice was just right . chips and salsa for the table was okay at best . i 've had better salsa . drinks during hh was decent , i 'm going through my whiskey phase . beer & wine is good just not that night i attended . service was real quick and accommodating . ambience had the old rustic western feel . the room had a southwestern modern touch . the crowd was young and hip . restrooms were downstairs in an entirely different space , which i thought was pretty cool . - enjoy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not true authentic mexican food , but they maintain mexican spices and flavors in their dishes with a modern american twist . very yummy ! ! probably one of my favorite aspects of the restaurant is that they provide free chips and the most delicious flavorful salsa ! ! ! ! i could drink the salsa : ) if you 've lived in phx for awhile , you know free chips & salsa is a score ! i visited black chile mexican grill for lunch and we ordered the cheese dip for an appetizer , which was super rich and creamy . for my meal i ordered one of the lunch specials plates that came with a half fish torta , french fries and tortilla soup . one note about the tortilla soup is that is a cream based soup , not the broth kind that you might be used to , but still very good . all the food was delish and after reading other yelp reviews it sounds like there are some other great eats to try here , like the churros- sad i missed those ! ! ill be back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so , we received at $ 20 off coupon in the mail and decided to give it a try . let 's just say ... it 's been some months since then and we have n't been back ... the only time this place has popped up on my radar was when a co-worker was talking about their lackluster experience , too . the service was fine . it was the food that got me . i ordered cheese enchilada 's and my girlfriend ordered the chicken enchilada 's . now , i expected cheese ... but i did n't think i was going to have to go on a search mission to locate the tortillas . my girlfriend was equally displeased with her meal . the sangria i ordered was the only saving grace ... not good enough to return , though ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good bet for happy hour in the biltmore . nice menu featuring a fairly impressive margarita ( even though that 's not my usual drink ) . there are good prices on the food items as well , though the $ 5 chicken skewers tasted a bit glued-together , at least the chipotle sauce was good . service was good and without complaint . the patio area has a certain comfortable vibe to it -- like it 's just exposed enough .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was so excited to sample this restaurant and was not that impressed . my partner and i showed up for happy hour and found the margaritias on the rocks to be very weak - had two myself and both were identical . the pork quesadilla was flavorless , however the chicken enchiladas had some descent flavor and the rice with corn on the side was very good . it 's worth one more try : ) if my next visit is anything like the first , i wo n't be returning or recommending this establishment .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "eh ... would be great mexican food in oklahoma city or ohio , not phoenix . would be like eating at bucca de beppo in little italy . my 13.00 top shelf marg was so sweet i could barely drink it . pork was good but tasted like bar-b-q not carnitas . for a chain go to chipotle , for the real thing go to barrio cafe . bright spot was tomatillo salsa , very good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love to make fajitas with black beans and sweet potatoes . this place is the only place i know that has black bean & sweet potato soft tacos . i ca n't give them a five star because i save those for places i love where i usually ca n't make it myself but i am definately a fan .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fan-freaking-tastic shrimp tacos + modella especial in a bottle ( serviced with an icy pint glass ) + good ( free ) chips and salsa = a very happy meghan m. happy hour specials looked great but just enjoying lunch on the patio was a perfect start to a few days in phoenix .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for a corporate , mall type restaurant , this was surprisingly good . nothing authentic about it , but the food was good , especially the amazing tortilla soup . i especially liked that even though this is a corporate restaurant , it was not a mexican themed restaurant . no mexican music , no waiters in silly costumes , etc . recommended , although any authentic place would definitely have better food at more reasonable prices .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really great place for some awesome margaritas and some of the best mexican southwestern that i 've had . the place was shiny and new enough to appear like a high end chain but i 'm told this is the only location and the food certainly had great taste and attention to detail . try the guacamole ! ! just a warning to get there during happy hour if you like to pound back a few as the bill can get steep in a hurry !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the cotija grilled corn , fresh guacamole , and the shrimp and corn cheese crisps . food not bad but would have been much better if it was hot , maybe even warm but alas ... service strange . waitress took our drink and appetizer order , food came within reasonable time , restaurant was almost empty , but have n't seen her since . wanted to order entrys but she never came back . had to grab someone else to get our check , gave up on ordering entrys .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yummmmmm ... ... the guacamole was great , but the cheese dip was even better ! chicken cheese enchiladas were good too , but the honey corn rice dish was amazing ! great carne asada , and dont miss out on the margaritas . great tequila selection . finally ... do not leave without eating the churros ... they are amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first thing , the place smells really good . food was awesome , salads and tacos , chicken and vegetarian , there 's a little something for everyone . homemade chips and an excellent salsa keep you going til the main entrees are served . we ordered a blood orange margarita and regular house blend both were`a bit weak for our taste . the dessert of a fried ice cream went well and the server was pleasant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food ... atmosphere ... ? ... house music in a mexican food joint ? really ? do n't think i 'd go out of my way for this one .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went there tonight . for a saturday night , it was n't full , so we had a table right away . we tried the margarita and sangria , ok. ceviche was good , plenty of chips , salsa was good . taco carne asada were good , we did n't try anything else , price was n't killer , i thought it would be a lot more for biltmore area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "black chile mexican grill looks like a commercialized establishment , which was a bit of a turn off , but their food is like it 's served in your family 's kitchen . let 's start with the chips and salsa , which are not complementary , very similar to chili 's ( a chain , ugh ) however the tomatillo salsa had a good kick with a rich flavor , but at an additional cost . ordered the chicken enchiladas which had that homemade taste with a delicious sour cream green sauce . the rice was unique and delicious to the point where it could be a meal in itself . the beans with pork was another great homemade taste . also ordered the beef tacos . the corn tortillas were made there and the freshness of the ingredients stood out . went for the tres leches cake , pass on this and take the waiters recommendation . great meal . nice addition to the biltmore restaurants .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food here is outstanding -- you can order any dish as spicy as you like , so those of you complaining , you are not asking for the right things ! ask for the tomatillo salsa , it is spicy and delicious ! also the chips & salsa are free + bottomless . i think they changed the menu over the last week since they opened . you would n't guess it for a mexican food place , but the burger is tasty , crunchy on the outside and plenty of avocado . for a traditional dish , try the carne asada tacos , the meat is tender and well marinated ! overall , the bar menu is fantastic -- love the strawberry jalapeno margarita with agave nectar and the selection of beers ! happy to see a mexican restaurant at the biltmore !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's definitely not the best mexican food i have ever eaten , though in retrospect i would probably have to call it mexicanish , as it does not strike me as particularly authentic . however , the service was fast and friendly , the place itself spacious but still comfortable , and the noise level such that a couple of squeals from my 11 month old were hardly noticeable . i have to agree that the prices are a bit on the high side . several of the dishes we have tried so far have been quite tasty ( the cotija corn appetizer and the carne asada tacos for example ) , some others ( the vegetarian tacos most recently ) more bland . three stars really sums it up for me . it 's fine .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a decent mexican food option if you 're in the area . i sat at the bar and had the carne asada tacos with rice and black beans . i thought the seasonings and heat level were good . friendly service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came to this place to show some friends , from jersy , a good time and good food ... .you failed me black chili grill . the service sucked , our server had attitude and went awol ... had to go find her to place the order . the only good thing , to a slight degree , the food but not enough to make me come back again ... ever . the place was n't even busy when we arrived @ 7pm nor did it get busy by the time we left . it was embarrassing to have this sort of service when taking friends here for the first time . shame on owner and management . for being a new restaurant , located at the biltmore , you certainly would not pass the standards set by gordon ramsey .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of the best lunches i have had this year ! carne asada skewers , roasted corn chowder , and the smoked pork quesadilla . all three were exceptional and full of perfectly matched flavors . i forgot to finalize this one and now this place is closed ! so sad .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good atmosphere , decent food , service was good not that great . plus it was too expensive . i was mislead on the `` happy hour '' rules of this restaurant . outside the menu read happy hour 5-7 pm so i thought this meant for the whole restaurant . i was wrong this only meant the bar area . no where did it say only for the bar area . i spent $ 12 on nachos that my boyfriend did n't even like . i did not leave happy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow , this place was amazing . we ordered 5 appetizers ( during happy hour its half-price ) , the cotija grilled corn , bbq pork cheese crisp , chicken and poblano chile cheese crisp , beef nachos , and roasted poblano queso . each dish was full of amazing flavor . the cotija grilled corn was honestly the best corn i have ever had , it was grilled perfectly and the cotija cheese adds the perfect amount of flavor without being too over powering . the cheese crisps both had a good balance of flavor , my favorite was the bbq pork which had a great spicy bbq sauce drizzled over it and just the right amount of cheese . the roasted poblano queso was much more than your average cheese dip topped with chorizo and a hint of sweetness . i would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys a trendy atmosphere , and flavorful food . this is one of the few restaurants that i have been to where i equally enjoyed everything we ordered and our waiter joseph was awesome . i ca n't wait to go back and try their strawberry jalapeno margarita !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pft . eh . this place is pretty cool i guess . not a huge fan of the prices , but this is in the biltmore area so what do you expect . what 's really cool to me is how they have a huge downstairs basement area . so it 's actually a lot bigger restaurant than you think . the service was decent , but nothing spectactular . i think people like the happy hour , which i just missed out on . i did n't try the food , but it looked like the typcial yuppy mexican food which i 'm not a huge fan of . i like the authentic mexican places with street tacos . i do n't like fancy weird sauce drizzled over my food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst tortilla soup i 've ever had ... but two stars for the free chips and salsa .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "3.5 stars . stellar service at the bar . margaritas are strong and delicious . food is still 3 stars but getting better . queso= 5 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped in here for lunch with my brother in law as we had heard good things and the place looked higher end . we sampled a few selections from the happy hour menu . the food looked like it was prepared in the kitchen of a broke college student . cheap ingredients and lackluster preparation . i do n't know why other reviews are so positive ... beer is good ... but where is it not good ? that should n't be the barometer of a quality dining experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "our server tom was fantastic . we sat on the patio , and with some pleading they turned off the misters since the weather was pleasant and the table was getting wet . i started with a margarita , was going to have it on the rocks but was told that the frozen was a better `` kick '' . so i went with that . yum ! good call tom . i ordered the meatloaf . weird i know but it sounded good with the chorizo and stuff . it was delicious . but the biggest surprise was how tasty the sticky rice was . i thought it was going to be a pile of white sushi rice , which did n't make sense , but i was pleasantly surprised . it was savory and yummy , only complaint is that it could have been served warmer . happy we went , and i expect i will be going again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if i have learned anything about places that are southwest or mexican with a unique style or menu , it is that if you do not have great salsa . forget it . at least they have an awesome patio with a ok happy hour . service was good , bartenders were gave service with a smile and were kind to separate the checks for all 3 couples . did i mention the patio ? !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went there last night with some of my gal pals . i had been there a few weeks ago with a guy and thought it was n't bad . alas , this time out , not the same . two of the women i was with said the server was rude . i thought , hmmm , not possible cause when i was there prior , the server seemed nice . well , unfortunately , they were right . she seemed in a hurry and we had to practically chase her down for service . when she came , she acted rushed and each time rushed off before the words were completely out of our mouths . the appetizers we ordered off the happy hour menu were mediocre at best . so sad that it was a complete disappointment to all of us . i was hoping for better . ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have had a few different things from here the best were the shrimp tacos but everything has been very good", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm a fan ! ! i went there this afternoon with a friend . i 've noticed it before and it 's always smelled wonderful everytime i 've walked by there . the service was friendly and i ordered the vegetarian tacos . yummy ! ! my friend ordered the chicken enchilada which was also a winner . i definitely will be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "incredible tequila bar and some creative mexican southwest food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they are gone . now a restaurant called ling & louie 's kitchen is going in . what is weird is that if you click on the black chili link provided above - it takes you to ling and louie 's page .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we really enjoyed our diner despite the reviews . i was a little nervous but our server was so kind and welcoming ! we mentioned that we read review on yelp and he happily gave us the discount . thank you ! our server mentioned that the owners are very receptive to yelp . great experience !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went there with some friends and family and had a phenomenal experience . we started with the queso , which was delicious , and perused their extensive list of sipping tequilas . everyone at the table was pleased with their meal , from the enchiladas to the chimichangas . everything was great . even the rice and beans were not your run of the mill standard . our server was extremely attentive and knowledgeable as soon as our entire party was there ( it took him a few minutes when there were just a few of us ) . i will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visited this place during a business trip . located in an upscale biltmore mall , this place has one of the best tacos i have ever eaten . ( fish and shrimp ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "black chile ... i 'm a fan ! service was great ! food was amazing ! ! have a friend that eats there religiously and he recommend the burger ; said it 's way better than zinburger . our waiter recommended the fish tacos . so glad he did ! i have had fish tacos from probably more than 100 restaurants and black chile hands down the best ! i read the review from the pregnant yelp junkie below who did n't like them . i think after the hormones settle she should take another crack at them . my wife thought pickles tasted good in ice-cream when she was pregnant . anyways ... . go eat there . have the fish tacos ! almost forgot . they carry every tequila known to exist on earth ! next time i go , it will be on a day that i do n't have to worry about a hangover the next morning . yelp should add a 6th star for this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love this restaurant ! my favorite is the veggie tacos and the rice . my husband loves the black chile and the fajitas and the bar is a great place to meet up with friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love black chile ! first tried this place out when we got a $ 20 coupon in the mail . the chips and salsa were delicious . i got the chicken tacos which were tasty but it was the rice and beans that really got me , love how they are not your ordinary rice and beans , they were amazing ! my boyfriend got the enchiladas which i had to have a few bites of because they were really good too ! we have already been back a couple times , love having another great restaurant close to home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for lunch with my mom one day this week . was excellent ! had chicken and fish tacos . mom had the salmon salad which she also loved ! wonderful environment and zack was our waiter . he was so nice and sweet . helped due with recommendations and we were very happy . margarita was also great ! ca n't wait to come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the signature black chile entree . it was fabulous !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really liked this place ! the food actually reminded me of blanco 's in scottsdale which is also super yummy ! great service , great location in the biltmore , nice decor and yummy food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a friend and i decided to stop in for dinner on a week night after shopping at the biltmore . we shared the three cheese quesadilla as an appetizer , and it was fine , if a little on the greasy side . my friend ordered the beef enchilada with red sauce and i got the vegetarian tacos . he liked the enchilada , but the portion was bigger than he could eat . my tacos were fantastic ! i 've never had a sweet potato taco and loved it . i would go back to eat that dish again . we both enjoyed the sweet corn rice side as well . our server was friendly , knowledgeable , and eager to be of service , which was probably influenced by the fact that the restaurant was more than half empty during peak dinner time . if they lowered the prices a little , i would upgrade to four stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service is very friendly and attentive . i had a bowl of gazpacho which was very good . friends had beef and fish tortas and chorizo cheese crisp , which they said were delicious , happy hour hours are also really great especially for a saturday .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was pretty hopeful about this place but was a little disappointed . it was good but not great . it was a good place to take my parent but i wo n't come back . dislikes : the dishes are not very creative . lots of meat and no veggies . food was too rich , no light options on menu . salsa was plain . salmon was a bit fishy likes : the sangria was fizzy which was fun , elote corn was very tasty , beans and rice were tasty and well seasoned", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ate at black chile mexican grill for the second time last night and it was again an outstanding meal ! the house made guacamole is terrific . you can absolutely tell it 's made fresh in-house . i had tacos , one fish and the other carne asada with the flour tortillas since those are also made fresh in-house throughout the day . both were amazing , you could n't go wrong with either one and the beans and rice that come with the entree are fantastic . and to top it off , the strawberry jalapeno margarita is to die for ! the service was great both times and the manager kevin also stopped by during the meal to check on how everything was . being in the industry myself , i like to see when the management stays in touch with their guests . i will definitely keep recommending black chile to all my friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we celebrated a birthday with a big group tonight , this was not my first time here but they exceeded my expectations . great for large groups , they take reservations , service was awesome and food was exceptional . great place for happy hour too , ca n't wait for the patio when the weather cools down . queso dip by far is the best in he valley , beware . tacos and margaritas are up there with the queso . great location for me , but if you are far it 's well worth the drive for a date night or happy hour !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oooo man , needed a pit stop from a day of shopping and their happy hour was perfect . got some nachos for 1 2 price and they were bomb . other food and drink specials on happy hour as well !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "searching for mexican infused american dishes ? want a little something to take the edge of your work day ? black chile is the spot . located in the oh so classy biltmore fashion square , black chile has raised the bar in culinary artwork by combining traditional mexican delicacies with american favorites . the indoor alone will make your mouth water will over 200 different types of tequila ( the most in all of az ) and an open-air view of kitch happening that is very tempting . perfect for a power lunch or drinks with co-works after hours , black chile will delight your tase buds with tasty treats and drinks . service is very attentive and well-mannered , and typically the a manager checks on you at least once . there is a downstairs area fit for business meetings , parties , small conferences , and meetings . complete with a plush seating area outside , full bar , flat screen drop-dwn screen and plenty of seating the area offers plenty of opportunity to entertain .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sort of `` chain-ish '' but the food we had was pretty good . i liked that the side of beans were fresh ( not refried & covered in cheap cheese ) and the rice had roasted sweet corn in it ( also not smothered in cheap cheese ) . overall , enjoyable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i were visiting from california and decided to have dinner here last night . we ordered chips , salsa , guacamole , skinny margarita , fish tacos , and carne asada . sorry to say but the food including the drink was sub-par basically lacking flavor and the margarita was watered down . the fish tacos are a tad bit sweet and i have to admit the rice was really good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have generally had great experiences with the fox restaurants - not so this time . hubby and i dropped in on a friday night ( not many people there ) . we sat on the patio where the misters are impressive i must say . i ordered the sangria - a big why bother and not worth the calories . then my fish tacos arrived . . . meh - just nothing exciting , i can whip up better ones at home without even trying . the beans - not tasty ( read boring ) and the rice would pass for a dessert . for a town that has a lot of southwestern mexican type restaurants one has to be on their game to do well in that genre . this one is definitely not in the game . servers were good though it was like we had 2 and they neither one knew the other one had us covered . it was a bit like a comedy . next time we will keep on walking to another restaurant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we 've been extremely fortunate to have been on a great run with restaurants . it seems that some restaurants understand that summer is the time to impress guests . i 've read the prior reviews but my experience is that black chile has really worked hard since opening to address early complaints . i am thrilled that we went . the staff is stellar . since they just opened , our server walked us through the menu and suggested that we start with the black olive and chorizo cheese crisp , and it was delicious . please request the avocado-tomatillo salsa and apply liberally to all food items - spicy and full of flavor . my friend ordered the fish tacos ( snapper ) and was thrilled with the flavor , also loved the rice and beans . ( homemade tortillas ) . i had the chicken enchiladas and highly recommend the green sauce . so good . too full for dessert , but definitely next time . got ta go again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good gourmet mexican , we got the corn chowder and grilled corn for the app , then we got the chicken enchiladas and the black chile ( the best dish ever ) ... go here and give it a try , you will love it ... .upscale and good food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das ennui gibt es jetzt schon sooo lange und man geht immer noch hin . es ist egal zu welcher uhrzeit immer sehr gut besucht , mitunter ( z.b . donnerstagabend ) sogar komplett \u00fcberf\u00fcllt . im sommer kann man sch\u00f6n drau\u00dfen sitzen und `` glotzen '' . das ennui hat immer gleichbleibende , gute qualit\u00e4t in der k\u00fcche . abends ist es allerdings mehr als bar kneipe zu sehen und nicht zum essen , da es sehr laut und teilweise auch verraucht ist ! ! ! das neue `` innenleben '' des ennui ist leider nicht so sehr nach meinem geschmack . zu dunkel ! ! ! aber geschmacksache ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wenn mich in lubu jemand fragen w\u00fcrde wohin er zum fr\u00fchst\u00fcck gehen k\u00f6nnte , so w\u00e4re das eenuu immer mein tip . gutes essen , kaffee schmeckt und seit die raucher drau\u00dfen bleiben m\u00fcssen noch viel besser . vor allem gibt immer was zum schauen . herrlich ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das essen war zu 50 % verbrannt . der kellner fragte den chef um rat , dieser wollte das essen bezahlt haben , obwohl ich es zur\u00fcckgehen lie\u00df . trotz anwesendheit in sichtweite kam dieser nicht an den tisch . angebot : das n\u00e4chste mal ( ! ) ein freigetr\u00e4nk .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sieht von au\u00dfen schick und clean aus . jedoch waren wir von den horrenden preisen entsetzt . trotzdem gaben wir dieser bar eine chance . wir bestellten erst etwas zu trinken und wollten auch was essen , aber danach wurden wir erst gar nicht gefragt . die hei\u00dfe schokolade war kalt ... diese wurde mir durch eine lauwarme ersetzt . wir geh\u00f6ren nicht zu pfennigfuchser , f\u00fcr qualit\u00e4t zahlen wir auch gerne , aber da ist die qualit\u00e4t irgendwo in der blasiertheit der inhaber verloren gegangen . die bedienung war \u00e4u\u00dferst unfreundlich und m\u00fcrrisch , hat nichts im service zu suchen . hatte auch das gef\u00fchl in dieser bar trifft sich die m\u00f6chte-gern-schickeria aus der weltstadt ludwigsburg ... zu bel\u00e4cheln : ) aufjedenfall nicht zu empfehlen .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ich gehe gerne zum fr\u00fchst\u00fccken hin . diese auswahl und der preis ist schon super . man bekommt ein getr\u00e4nk nach wahl zum fr\u00fchst\u00fcck dazu . diese gehen von ca . 4 eur bis ca . 15eur . aberschon bei einem fr\u00fchst\u00fcck bei 8eur hat man fast schon zuviel . ab 9 uhr hat das ennui auf doch samstags und sonntags ab 10.00 uhr ist meistens rammel voll . d.h. fr\u00fch kommen ist angesagt . auch abends und mittags gibt es vers . gerichte . meistens sehr lecker . zu empfehlen ist auch der california salat und nudeln a la calabrese und nicht zu vergessen der grosse pott tomatensuppe . also einfach mal testen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drau\u00dfen sitzt man ganz nett und das ennui kann es sich scheinbar auch leisten , die umwelt zu beheizen . die diversen pasta angebote w\u00fcrde ich geschmacklich mal als `naja` bezeichnen und die essensauswahl ist nun auch nicht gerade einfallsreich . man wird gut satt aber es ist eher alles ein wenig langweilig . die weinauswahl ist sch\u00f6n und einen aperol sprizz , der f\u00fcr viele restaurants doch immer wieder eine gro\u00dfe herausforderung darstellt , kann man hier f\u00fcr 5,50 euro gut trinken .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "essen und qualit\u00e4t ist gut . leider habe ich mein essen nicht so bekommen wie es auf der karte steht . den service darauf angesprochen habe ich die antwort bekommen `` das wei\u00df sie aber manche dinge sind heute nicht geliefert worden '' schade dass man das den g\u00e4sten nicht mitteilen kann und trotzdem den volle preis abrechnet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "klasse adresse wenn man nach dem shoppen , kino oder dergleichen noch ein wenig essen m\u00f6chte oder etwas trinken m\u00f6chte . eignet sich hervorragend um die unterschiedlichsten menschentypen zu beobachten !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "leckeres essen.nettes personal und auch die r\u00e4umlichleiten sind sehr sauber.zum feierabend wird es sehr schwierig drin platz zu finden , den es immer sehr viel los.was ja f\u00fcr das ennui spricht.ist aber eher ein lokal f\u00fcr die generation aber 30 , also sehr wenig junge leute.was ja auch mal sch\u00f6nes sein kann ... und die cocktail haben es manchmal echt in sich , also gut \u00fcberlegen was man trinkt den sonst ist man gleich kn\u00fclle , aber sie schmecken supa..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "gute k\u00fcche und nettes personal . gehe gern zum mittag hier zum essen hin , abends ist allerdings haupts\u00e4chlich die generation 35+ anzutreffen . nicht ganz meine altersklasse , das ist allerdings pers\u00f6nliche ansichtssache .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "viel konkurrenz gibt es f\u00fcr das ennui in ludwigsburg nicht , aber hier w\u00fcrde man auch gerne hingehen , wenn es alternativen g\u00e4be ! leckeres essen , angenehme einrichtung , okayes , manchmal etwas zu gestyltes publikum und ein sehr aufmerksamer und freundlicher service machen das ennui zu recht zu einer der ausgehadressen in ludwigsburg , egal ob zum fr\u00fchst\u00fccken , abendessen oder nur-was-trinken .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sehr sterile bar caffee f\u00fcr den ruhigen nachmittag oder den gepflegten abend . positiv ist der gute service , negativ das die servickr\u00e4fte das tinkgeld beim chef abgeben m\u00fcssen . der scheint es n\u00f6tig zu haben . wer dort verkehrt , sollte der servicekraft lieber ne schachtel ziggis als trinkgeld geben , denn bargeld muss beim chef abgegeben werden ! wenn ich einer bedienung trinkgeld gebe , m\u00f6chte ich eigentlich der person etwas gutes tun und nicht dem chef des ladens , daher starker punkteabzug ! essen ok , gert\u00e4nke ok", "score": "2"}
{"review": "gute k\u00fcche , publikum meist \u00fcber 40 . ( sehen zumindest alle so aus : - ) )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mittags sehr voll , da mitten auf der fu\u00dfg\u00e4ngerzone , aber das essen war bei allen beteiligten ausgesprochen lecker , und der service sehr fix . mehrfach getestet . gutes preis-leistungs-verh\u00e4ltnis . wenn man gl\u00fcck hat , dann bekommt man draussen einen tisch und kann sehen und gesehen werden : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wir waren nicht zum ersten mal im ennui aber hatten zum ersten mal einen tisch im wintergarten . dort herrscht eine ganz angenehme , weil ruhige atmosph\u00e4re . leider kann man von dort leider keine leute beobachten , aber man kann ja nicht alles haben ... die bedienung war sehr aufmerksam und sehr freundlich , die speisen ( pasta ) waren wie gewohnt sehr lecker und kreativ ( z.b . spaghetti mit oliven getrockneten tomaten und gratiniertem ziegenfrischk\u00e4se ) , nicht nur die 0815-pasta-gerichte .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "komme ins ennuie , seit die bar aufgemacht hat . leicht gehobenes niveau , preislich ist f\u00fcr jeden geldbeutel etwas auf der karte . eine d e r locations in ludwigsburg .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "allgemein fr\u00fchst\u00fcck f\u00fcr 2 personen ! ! ! ! schade ! ! ! nachdem wir 30 minuten auf die bedienung gewartet haben kam dann nach nochmal 15 minuten der kaffee und nochmal 15 miunten das fr\u00fchst\u00fcck . wir haben eine kleine wurst k\u00e4seplatte mit einem gekochten ei , verschiedenen marmeladen und nutella , butter und verschiedenem brot bestellt . war total entt\u00e4uscht -4 scheiben billig frischwurst -nicht mal eine scheibe gekochten schinken- ein kleines st\u00fcck butter , ein kaltes ei , k\u00e4se war einigermassen , keine br\u00f6tschen nur verschiedenes wei\u00dfbrot . so ein mickriges , langweiligs fr\u00fchst\u00fcck habe ich nicht mal im kaufland erhalten . das ganze hat dann noch 20\u20ac f\u00fcr 2 personen gekostet ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! zum bezahlen mu\u00dften wir nochmal 20 minuten warten . bedienung viel zu verbessern 1 stern das essen unm\u00f6glich und mickrig das ambiente war ok sauberkeit war ok", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ich bin zwar selten in lubu , aber wenn dann komme ich um einen abstecher ins ennui nicht herum . egal ob fr\u00fchst\u00fcck , abendessen oder was kleines f\u00fcr zwischendurch , hier bekommt immer etwas leckeres auf den tisch . die bedienung ist schnell und freundlich . man f\u00fchlt sich auch als au\u00dferst\u00e4dtischer sofort wohl . ps : mein favorite - salat california : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gutes essen das schnell zubereitet ist . nettes personal . preise ok .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sehr leckeres essen . frische , moderne k\u00fcche guter service . bestes fr\u00fchst\u00fcck in ludwigsburg fahren regelm\u00e4\u00dfig von heilbronn zum essen hin . aber die preise sind gehoben .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was very good ; in average 14\u20acpp . the wine was ok , but i would n't recommend the address for a wine tasting ; - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "alles in allem ein nettes lokal , angenehmes , offenes ambiente , ausreichende speiseauswahl . allerdings : leider ist die qualit\u00e4t der speisen eher mau . salatbl\u00e4tter waren welk und bereits brau ; der geschmack entsprechend d\u00fcrftig , beinahe faulig . der `` ziegenk\u00e4se mit aromaten '' zum salat komplett ohne geschmack ( und schon gar nicht mit `` aromaten '' , daf\u00fcr aber oben ganz schwarz gegrillt . pasta weichgekocht und in so\u00dfe ertr\u00e4nkt . eine riesenportion , angerichtet wie in einer kantine , sehr lieblos und noch dazu ohne pfiff und w\u00fcrze . schade . der kellner reagierte auf unsere entt\u00e4uschung unprofessionell und pers\u00f6nlich angegriffen .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wir haben zu sp\u00e4ter stunde noch ein pl\u00e4tzchen im freien gesucht . hier auch gleich einer der gr\u00f6\u00dften pluspunkte : die heizstrahler lassen einem die m\u00f6glichkeit , auch an k\u00fchleren abenden noch drau\u00dfen zu sitzen . die lage , direkt in der fu\u00dfg\u00e4ngerzone , ist sehr nett , wenn man es umtriebig mag.man kann hier nett sitzen und plaudern , leute gucken , ... eigentlich , wie von den vorkritikern beschrieben . sch\u00f6n essen gehen w\u00fcrde ich eher woanders . die bedienung war nett aber etwas `` abwesend '' . das essen war qualitativ ganz okay und auch das preis-leistungsverh\u00e4ltnis ist in ordnung .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "gutes essen , relativ teuer und meistens findet man keinen platz . das ist die kurzcharakteristik . nun , die tageskarte ist ebenfalls oft schon ausverkauft , die bedienung flott und die sanit\u00e4ranlagen sauber .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sehr gutes essen ( insbesondere nudelgerichte ) , ansprechende desserts , sch\u00f6n eingerichtet . nicht ganz billig , aber angemessenes preis-leistungs-verh\u00e4ltnis . die wartezeiten sind nicht au\u00dferordentlich lang . gro\u00dfe auswahl bei cocktails , weinen und anderen getr\u00e4nken .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sich im ennui zu verabreden ist doof , weil von aussen nicht ersichtlich ist , wie 's hei\u00dft - der d\u00f6nerladen links daneben macht es doch so gut vor ; o ) . ich hab 's dank qype sofort gefunden , die anderen kamen sp\u00e4ter . drinnen ist die musik so laut , dass es gerade noch reicht , sich nicht anschreien zu m\u00fcssen - es reicht ein 'anrufen ' . im hinteren teil kann man dem entkommen muss jedoch etwas essen ( 'hier wird nur gespeist ' ) . das essen klingt sehr lecker und wird wirklich gut angerichtet . mein focaccia f\u00fcr den kleinen hunger war dann auch ein hingucker - leider fehlte so ziemlich jede art von gew\u00fcrz was es recht langweilig machte . der kellner war etwas m\u00fcrrisch wenngleich schnell , brachte jedoch gleich 2 falsche speisen , die jedoch auch gut schmeckten . alles in allem eine `` in '' location mit schickem klo in der man sich sicher gut sehen lassen kann ... wer das nicht braucht braucht hier nicht wieder hingehen .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sch\u00f6nes ambiente . war dort fr\u00fchst\u00fccken . war geschmacklich ok. preis leider viel zu teuer . bekommt man woanders deutlich mehr und wertigeres f\u00fcr sein geld . bedienung war sehr nett .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent gef\u00fchrtes lokal in der fu\u00dfg\u00e4ngerzone . was mich immer wieder am ennui fasziniert , ist die tatsache dass der service in dem laden immer perfekt funktioniert ; egal wie voll das lokal ist ! die bedienungen sind sehr freundlich und blitzschnell ! sind auch immer leckere m\u00e4dels da , aber eigentlich ist mir das publikum dort etwas zu `` aufgedonnert '' . toll sind auf jeden fall die riesigen panoramafenster zur fu\u00dfg\u00e4ngerzone , es gibt doch immer was zum kucken . insgesamt w\u00fcrde ich es als `` sehr gepflegtes lokal '' bezeichnen . hier f\u00fchlen sich auch gutsituierte \u00e4ltere leute bis ca . 60 noch wohl .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "diese lokalit\u00e4t ist eine ludwigsburger institution . sehen und gesehen werden , immer rappelvoll . die luft ist oft sehr schlecht , es riecht seltsam aus der k\u00fcche . die bedienungen sind meist freundlich , aber es fehlt ihnen der \u00fcberblick . beim letzten besuch hatte ich einen black russian f\u00fcr 8 euro und war sehr entt\u00e4uscht , wodka hatte dieser drink keinen gesehen , meine nachfrage wurde freundlich ignoriert . cocktails werde ich dort in zukunft meiden .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my experience with adlava was wonderful . from the moment i met the ceo nick and their brand strategist justin , i knew i was in good hands . we are were building a new brand from the ground up and knew it would take a lot of hard work and know how , which thankfully they had in spades . once justin had finished creating our new logo , we were off to begin the website . nick , along with ginger , trisha , and gina made it seamless . their pricing was very , very fair for the services they provide . you can truly do not wrong selecting adlava for all your marketing and web design needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nick and his team completed a fabulous job on our website . after the first meeting i knew we had made the right choice ; and they followed through to deliver a beautiful brand and home for our organization . i would highly recommend seeing what adlava can do for you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have a highly competitive business in the area , which we were looking to increase our online presence with the most effective approach . not only were we very pleased with our re-branding and the design of our website , but we have a remarkable 35 % increase on new business from incoming web traffic . the adlava team is very personable and they truly had a genuine interest in our success ! we could n't thank them enough . looking forward to working with them in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic company to work with : professional , creative , and passionate about what they do . i have a nonprofit in los angeles and chose to work with this las vegas based company after doing months of research . after meeting with nick and his creative team for the first time , i was confident that adlava was the best choice for the long term . the web site exceeded my expectations and the customer service for the past couple of years has been incredible . i am writing this review because my organization decided to update our web site recently and nick 's team developed another awesome site that exceeded expectations once again ! i highly recommend adlava !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a friend referred me to nick -- and i 'm glad he did . i needed my business website and i needed it right away . nick was able to jump right in and make it happen . he was able to accommodate a rush website . he understood my needs . he communicated clearly . he is collaborative . he responded quickly . now , the site is up & running & it looks great . and just as importantly , he made it clear he is available for any refreshes i may need in the future . recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great job to the adlava team ! they redesigned and rebranded my website . the marketing team also did an amazing job coming up a creative plan which helped me double my revenue in less than two months . best of all , customer service was excellent ! this has been a great experience and i strongly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking for a really good , las vegas designer who could do a custom wordpress site for us . i searched different portfolios from the various designers in vegas and stumbled upon adlava.com . i was not only impressed by their design and artwork , but i was extremely impressed with ginger ... . my project manager , eugene my videographer and the end result they produced . this is the site they did http : www.econnectglobal.com the ceo , nick kaptain is really easy to get along with and is focused on delivering a great result . i am working with them on a google adwords and re-marketing campaign next .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been researching web design companies for last six months and came across adlava . for the longest time i have been wanting a website for my freelance makeup business . after meeting the friendly and professional staff at adlava i decided to do it . the designers came up with a phenomenal design and worked with all my needs . the videographer eugene , had great ideas and suggested making a video of me that complemented the site . i was blown away with the video , it turned out amazing . i am very pleased with my site i could not be any happier . thank you so much adlava for helping me expand my business , you all are awesome . i highly recommend this company !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "before they did their renovations , i always loved going here for the food and tolerated the bad service that came with it . they recently re-opened and shockingly their service is still terrible and they have increased their prices . i would consider one of my top places to go to turkish food in etobicoke as long as you can tolerate the service . alternative if you want a cheaper option but jus as delicious is beyti kebab on dundas .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious d\u00f6ner ! we randomly stopped here for lunch and it was excellent . good bread , juicy lamb and the right kind of yogurt-based d\u00f6ner sauce . very friendly service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well i have to say i drive past everyday and today was the day i went in . no greeting , the girls working seemed more interested in texting on their phones than paying attention . i ordered a mixed donee for take out , the meat was dry with little flavour and the rice overlooked . what a shame , will not be going back or recommending", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what is going on here ? kebab 49 is really only a hole in the wall , mall restaurant , serving mediocre food , and they charge champagne prices . a group of 4 ate pretty simply 4 months ago ( see their bill in karlas review ) , and ended up paying $ 139.00 . maybe the owner charges depending on whether he likes you . avoid ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not bad , but nothing special either . they come in handy when you 're out at this end of the city and looking for a late dinner .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm going to keep it short . people come here to fill their bellies . not much of a dining experience . nice simple decor , clean , bright . awful acoustics ; so damn loud . the 'booths ' move . there was an obnoxious group of girls sitting behind us , that kept pushing their 'bench ' back , which we sat on as well but on the other side . asked them to cool it a few times . they did n't listen , complained to the waiter , then they kinda stopped . guess i 'm getting old . ordered adana kebap with rice , salad and bread . rice was delis , bread too , salad and a drop of dressing . i asked for more . came with 2 kebap . one was cooked , little spice , was tender . liked it . second one was raw . eww . my second star is way too generous .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this food is a must try . there is a specific taste to certain foods you can mostly only find in the country it comes from . this restaurant is turkish . i have been to turkey and fell in love with their food preparation and taste of the meat . this place is like visiting turkey again . wonderful food . they prepare it in a brick oven so the underlying flavors are awesome . i thought the service was great . its a very small place so if you need something its easy to get a waitresses attention . kanafeh is great . its like thin noodles baked with honey and mozzarella on the inside topped with pistachios . yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to this place after a recommendation from `` turkish '' guy . even though the food was ok , the service was horrible . we waited forever to get our main courses . and 4 more years to get the `` konafa '' ! ! ! disrespectful staff and unpleasant visit .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great food and atmosphere . courteous staff . just popped in for a bite . surprised by the amount of food you get", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst kebabs ever ! me and my husband were craving for bbq meat . we were driving after work and ended up going to this place . we ordered a chicken sheesh kebab . the chicken breast was cut into humongous pieces and was raw inside . it was bland - no salt , no pepper , no flavor . no dressing as well . biggest turn off was the raw meat . we tried grilling it at home , did n't work . would never ever recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service is good and the place seems a bit trendy . cool ! the food is pretty good but the mixed shawarma i had was a little dry and ordinary . the standout here though is the fresh-baked bread . it makes any sandwich much , much better ! the bread alone is a reason to try kebab 49 . if i can find a tastier protein then i 'll bump up the rating .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love it ! shhhh great food , great prices , home baked pita got ta get the desert-", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! ! ! flavourful ! filling without that lethargic feeling after . super friendly service ! i 'm tempted to go back again the next day !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was amazing , the flavors of their grilled chicken and lamp is amazing . i ordered the iskander kabab which was delicious and the mix gril was also so good . they have a very small space and do n't take reservations so give your self so time for waiting on weekends . the service was not that great but i understand because it 's a small and always busy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst restaurant i have ever been to , the waitress is incompetent and rude ... we were a table of 8 people everyone got their food at different times.. and when we asked the waitress a question she was rude and did n't want to serve us.. i ordered the eggplant salad and the chicken sandwich.. i never got the salad and was tired of waiting over and hour so i left , and she still tried to charge me for it and give attitude i told the other staff working there she was nuts and they just shrugged ... worst dining experience ever.. will not go there again save your money $ 20 for a plate of shawarma is too much", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food was okay . it could 've been more spicy . the staff was friendly and kindly helped us . kunefe was amazing . i did n't expect it to be that good to be honest . must try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best d\u00fcr\u00fcm d\u00f6ner i have ever had in my life . you must try . bir turk olarak yedi\u011fim en g\u00fczel d\u00f6nerdi . israr ile tavsiye ederim .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "toro sushi is definitely a welcome replacement of the previous ayce restaurant . a complete renovation of the interior giving the place a much modern vibe . food wise is a-ok with a choice of japanese and korean item on the menu , for sure you can find something that you like even if you are not into sushi . lunch special daily till 3 pm with prices starting at $ 8.95 . ls1 sushi lunch ( $ 10.95 ) and ls10 beef bone broth ( $ 8.95 ) were decent . the sushi was nicely plated , unfortunately the beef bone soup was not hot enough even when serving in a hot bowl . toro sushi is a nice addition to the neighbourhood . a great option for lunch or dinner if you are in the area . grand opening special for oyster . maybe i go for some oyster next time !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my family and i have been coming here since it opened . we drove by and noticed the name change . i went in and grabbed a menu . not ayce ? ! we still went there to eat that sunday . i had the pork bone soup lunch special . they also have different combos , bento , and entr\u00e9es you can choose from for the specials . they give you a selection of appetizers ( a number which has decreased since opening ) which are yummy , miso soup , and salad . they have fountain drinks not included with meal but come with refills . the service is good and attentive for the most part ( maybe because my mom made friends with the owner ) even when i just go with my boyfriend . the restaurant itself is very clean and comfy , not grungy and dirty . i realize this does n't sound like a rave review , but actions speak louder than words ... and since toro has opened , i 've been there more times than i can count . go try ! i wish they served ramen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "looks like toro is gone ... there is a note on the door saying they did n't pay their rent . sad , i liked the place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "new non ayce restaurant in the area - decor and atmosphere are quite nice . restaurant is pretty empty on the few times i 've visited , but the waitresses are fairly friendly and service is good . each table has a button to press for service . lunch menu is around $ 8 - 15 and comprises of a fairly standard range of japanese korean food . i 've tried both sushi rolls and korean food . the sushi is fairly good , the korean is average . there are oysters for $ 1 each ( min 6 ) but no variety and the waitress did n't know what kind of oyster it was - which is ok considering the price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic ! their grilled teriyaki salmon was a bit dry but the sushi was fantastic ! you get what you pay for since this place is pricy but it 's worth it . the waitresses are very nice and polite , it seems that they know their regulars well ! since we ordered so much , they provided us with fresh oysters which were so delicious ! definitely recommend this place if you have the money for it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all the grand opening specials are gone : ( they even took away the korean side dishes that were given for free no matter what dish you ordered . and to make things even worse the menu has changed and many of the lunch combo 's they had before either no longer exist or they have been jacked up in price . the only special which i thought was still considered a special is the $ 1 oysters but minimum 6 so its $ 6 for 6 oysters . this place use to be so packed during lunch time when they had all their grand opening specials but this time around there were only about 4-5 tables being served . the only positive thing is that the portions , quality and freshness of the fish are still the same . a lot of the value has been taken away and its just another japanese restaurant now in my opinion .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this restaurant is quite nice , serving both japanese and korean food but in good quality . especially like the sashimi and special rolls there . worth to come back definitely .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service is superb ! they food is nice and fresh . i love that they have lots of variety of choices and the price is reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "turned into parking lot and there were two ladies on the side of the building smoking . they see me walk in so they come inside . i did not see them wash their hands . lady who took my order reeked of cigarette smoke . the combo meal was close to $ 9 . there was not much meat on the bread . walking out i felt i had been overcharged for a bad lunch . before i pulled out of the parking lot the two ladies were on the side of the building smoking again . will never go to cousins again . too many other sub places to choose from . even if the price for the combo meal was reasonable the woman just reeked badly of smoke . spend less time smoking and more time running your business or soon you wont have a business and you will have all day to smoke .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fill out a survey on line and receive free fries bag of chips & a drink with a purchase of a 7 1 2 '' sub . yum-o", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time at cousins despite being within one mile for six years . tried the chipotle cheesesteak on jalape\u00f1o cheese bread . it came with thinly sliced beef , cheddar cheese , lettuce , tomatoes , onion , chipotle mayo and hot pepper relish . it arrived on a soft roll , which is always dicey for take-away . i normally do n't get all the healthy stuff ( lettuce , toms or onions ) but i forgot to ask about it . it was really good ! the beef was tender and juicy , the spices were spot-on and the veggies offered nice contrast . i would 've preferred a bit of up-sell , since i had never been there . the cashier seemed to want to be done with me tho so i just got the sandwich . i will try it again , possibly with other choices next time . i recommend the chipotle cheesesteak .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my first trip to a cousins . very nice . super crowded lunch spot , but the order to pick up time was really fast . had a roast beef and cheese sandwich , was pretty tasty . remember- friends do n't let friends eat subway ! i 'd go here again . delish .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i work very close to cousins subs and i really like the owner and staff . they have the best tuna by far ! also the best bread . i can go anywhere to get lunch but when i want something healthy and very good i head right across the way to cousins .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tired of subway or jersey mike 's subs ? why do n't you give cousins a college try ? i 've eaten here 2x now and like their classic italian sub - just the right amount of meat cheese and tomato with seasoned oil . note : oil will leak through their paper `` to go '' bags , so wrap up accordingly . i am surprised that they use shredded iceberg lettuce , to be honest . i 'm very anti-iceberg to start with , but do n't you think the italian would taste better with a dark , leafy like romaine ? the best thing about these subs is the bread . the taste reminds me of my grandmother 's homemade bread and i get nostalgic . : ) i even like their brand of chips - like the jalapeno ones ( they could be spicier ) . prices are higher , i believe , than subway , but i think they 're tastier .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here a few times , and always receive great , friendly service . subs are quickly made and very tasty ! never an issue for me to come back here again and again..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , i ordered again online . and once again they screwed up . same order - no onions and it was loaded with saut\u00e9ed and crunchy . gross . i called and the employee tried to tell me she was looking at my order and that there should be onions . i told her absolutely not and she looked again and sure enough , i was right . she told me i could come back and she would remake it , but i do n't have time for that . regardless of what you do for a living , you should do it right the first time wo n't give them a 3rd chance . oh yeah , i forgot that i also chose the option to substitute the cheese , and that did n't happen either ! ! ugh .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great italian special sub on garlic herb ! plus they are usually fast at lunch time ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great simple and fresh tasting subs . i 'm from wi where these places are popular and they are just as good here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i always skip the lines and order online . this makes it so much easier , the manager even has us memorized by name and order . always pleasant service and great sandwiches . our favorite is the big daddy , i like to add hot pepper relish . delish .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved this place so much i could n't even wait to leave before writing my review ! the staff is hard working , kind , and very helpful if you find yourself unable to decide on a sandwich . i had the chicken , bacon , and guacamole sub . it was very delicious ! it 's in a very convenient , clean , and safe location . i walked a 1 2 mile here with no issues . one of the best lunches i ever had !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "could n't go home without picking up my early dinner , blt on an italian sub roll . so good wish they were open on weekends ! but it does n't keep me away from the weekdays . : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i felt lazy to drive to a better place to eat , but since it was next door i came here . the staff isnt the friendlyest and the food reflects it . they are very cheap on the amount of meats they put on the sandwich . you get more at subway , if you want to compare . also , for what they charge your better off going to another place . if you want a really good sub sandwich , go to jimmy johns . they have much better service , food and always have a friendly greeting when entering or leaving there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tried their subs for the first time . . the roll was large compared to the meat . there were twice as much lettuce as meat . i ordered a cheese steak sanwich.but it felt like i ate a salad . the price was reasonable", "score": "3"}
{"review": "being new to town , i stopped here on my lunch hour . for one , the parking is awful . two , you need binoculars to read their menu . the print is so small . the lady at the counter was very helpful , i must say . she was n't impatient , just listed the sandwiches . i decided on a ham and cheese on multi-grain . i asked for it to be heated . service was fast , and i was out of there in less than 10 minutes , i think . now for the sandwich . i had to take two bites before i hit the meat , and if i had n't opened the sandwich , i would have thought they forgot the cheese . very skimpy on the meat and cheese portions . the bread was okay , but i 've had much better at blimpies and port-o-sub . not to mention both put a lot more meat and cheese on their sandwiches . not worth the money , not going back . sorry , cousins .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the sandwiches , still , and am happy to see a cousin 's is opening in mesa on greenfield i60 . but , this location on washington ... it used to be great and when i worked in tempe , i 'd drive all the way to get that great cousin 's bread . stopped in the other day , very excited to get a cousins sub . place was messy , hot ( in february ) , they were out of all but 2 types of bread and were turning some customers away who did n't want the regular italian white bread . they used to be friendly ; not so much anymore . cousins subs is still the best and i 'll be visiting the new one in mesa , but i wo n't visit this location anymore .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this place for a quick easy lunch . i work in the area and it is n't the best part of town and so i am picky about where i go for lunch . the staff here is friendly and quick . they make a tasty sub .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so my experience was not very pleasurable right from the start . ordered a philly cheese steak with a meal . the lady behind the counter asked me `` what kind of bread ? '' my selection was unavailable , it happens no big deal . however , when she added on a meal she didnt bother telling me until after the transaction was completed that there ice machine was broke . i asked her if there was any ice in the back she indicated yes , but looked at me in disgust when i asked her for some . lemonade was not lemonade , just water . and lastly , they put the wrong type of cheese on the sub . it is safe to say i will not be returning to this establishment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of the best sub places in the valley . when i worked by here , i 'd go here nearly every day for lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a take-out delivery place only . the pizza is good and cheap but certainly not the main reason to go here . in fact , if pizza is the only thing i had ever ordered here , i most likely would n't have gone back . i know what you are thinking ... `` this guy got the star rating system backwards.. what a tool . '' grinders my friends.. that is what put this joint on the map.in a town where there are 30 pizza places to choose from , tiffany 's is still here and doing well because they serve the most amazing grinder sandwich i have ever eaten.i am pretty sure you could put anything in between that bread and it would not only taste delicious , but will also clog an artery . where ever you live , try one.. just once and i am sure you ill be back for more . these damn things are responsible for at least 20 of the 30 pounds i need to lose . true story .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the girls and i at work always get tiffanys grinders for take out at lunch ! ! these subs are amazing ! i can never stray from the spicy italian : ham , salami , pepperoni , cheese , hot peppers ( banana peppers that are not hot ... just the way i like them : o ) red onion ( no thanks ) lettuce , tomato ( hold please ) mayo and italian dressing . their bread is made fresh daily and let me tell you these grinders are to die for ! ! delivery is very quick and pricing is perfect ! grinders are $ 5.49 or they now have 2 for $ 10 ! ! i have also tried their pizza which is good , nothing to write home about ... ... ..its their grinders that keep me coming back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "on a mission to try every pizza shop in the cleveland area . it may take a long time , and cause me to visit every hospital in the cleveland area as well , but dammit i have goals . after trying this pizza , i think i will just keep on searching . do n't get me wrong , not bad pizza , but the reviews aside from andrea just seem llike lies . i have n't tried the subs yet , but next time i 'm in the mood , i might have to give it a try . they crust was ok , but the sauce did n't have much flavor to it , and there were barely any toppings on it either .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very good food fresh . just if you do n't want your grinders too much sauce or dressing make sure you tell them easy on the sauce and they will cook it the way you want", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my work orders this pizza all the time and i love it . amazing pizza ! no dine in , but that 's fine , because it 's just a small little place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my roommate brought back some tiffany 's pizza today . he was working on a job site out in that area , brought a huge sheet pizza home . it was just sitting on the kitchen table , at cold , room temperature , so i tried some . i have to say , it was good . the crust was a little thick , sauce kind of sweet . i was a little hungover and this did me some good . i am very thankful and happy right now . i am back in the bed typing away with a full stomach .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really love tiffany 's pizza . we order for work frequently and it 's always been very satisfying ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not very good pizza at all , the only reason i gave it two stars instead of one was it was so damn cheap . but honestly i did n't like it at all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love tiffany 's pizza ! not far , affordable , and great service . try the pan size !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm no expert , but i 'm pretty sure you will need that 99\u00a2 pregnancy test to go along with your 99\u00a2 condoms . i think the 99\u00a2 only store is one of the best values in town . unlike other dollar stores , this chain has fresh produce and refrigerated foods . and enough cheap junk food to get you ready for your next sumo match . they have potted plants , dishes , animal treats , car accessories and cleaning supplies . they have everything . not everything is a super deal . during my last visit , i 've noticed that some of the national brands are downsizing their products and you can get a better value at the grocery store . but i usually walk away happy knowing i 've saved a couple bucks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't waste my pennies because i know each penny earned is a penny saved . that penny can contribute to the great savings the 99 cent only stores have . since the stores have a well perceived reputation from vendors they are allowed to purchase items that are from overstock , closeout merchandise , and or regular orders . the items here are not the bad brands or just simply generics . the 99 cent only stores provide hundreds of name brand items throughout there stores with all types of items . lots of the big names from dial , coca cola , dole , frito lay , nestle and many , many more . so what is the catch . absolutely nothing . when i walked into this store each aisle was neatly organized loaded with merchandise . yeah this is a store where you bring in the cart as each aisle has either something you need , want or must have .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "grreat , stocked produce section and good breads rolls !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you think there 's some stigma associated with shopping here , eff you . you 're not royalty so zip it . that being said , tweekerville is nearby so you will be shopping with tweekers at this store . a simple economic lesson- 12 ounces in a can .60 cents per can in the office vending machine 33.814 ounces in a liter 2 liters = 67.628 ounces .99 cents per 2 liter pepsi product at 99 cents only and while you 're saving $ $ on drinks for the brainstorming session , get some ramen ( .29cents ) some hot sauce ( .99 ) , salad dressing ( .99 ) , and a nestle crunch ( .59 ) to stock your snack drawer with . do n't spend money on things that you know should logically cost more than a dollar and you 'll be fine . you really think those earbuds you paid $ 1 for are gon na sound good ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i always love coming to these stores because you can find the most amazing things here , or everyday items that you really should n't pay more than a dollar for . it 's how things work sometimes . do n't pay too much ! this store smelled funny and part of my mission was to figure out what . i never did . one of my favorite things they have here are the school supplies and the paper-related games and activities for kids . when i was a teacher children would literally just destroy this stuff and eat it . why spend a great deal of money on it ? they also have learning games and activity books you could give your kid to work on their basic facts . it happens to actually help them so you might consider it . i 've eaten food from here . i have n't died . quit being stuck up and save money .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this 99 cent only store , perhaps one of my favorite in the valley ... .why ? because the staff is friendly , store is clean and the deals are awesome . i am buy a lot of the holiday decorations at these types of store . after easter they had a lot of leftovers at 9 for 99 cents . i will have to wait a while but you ca n't beat that deal !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cleaner with less riffraff than some 99s towards downtown , my 77 year old mom and i always pick up some bargains , like tiramisu or pre packaged , california grown produce ( eggplant , garlic , ginger , etc ) , before trudging across the melting blacktop towards fresh & easy . one thing i like about 99c stores is the shambolic displays kinda force you to encounter goods you wouldnt elsewhere - provided they dont first shift imperceptibly and crush you in north america 's most steeply discounted avalanche . for example , this place had a section of , like , a thousand cans of a retro lemonade - iced tea combo called `` arnold palmer '' . each can featured a cool b & w photo of the famous golfer ; plus the drink was delish . i plan to return someday to actually buy a can . look for me , wont you ? i 'll be the yellow toothed loner , shoplifting eggplants and garlic up my cargo shorts , ogling off brand cans of tea . hey ladies , let 's get acquainted !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's no aj 's , but if you can find whatever it is you 're looking for at the 99 cent store , it 's the place to get it . the title is n't just a clever name , everything that they carry is 99 cents . that includes anything from toothpaste , to laundry detergent , to dog food . if quality is n't an issue , i generally like to run through this store first and then pick up whatever i could n't scratch off of the list at a traditional store . even if you do n't need anything in particular , it might be worth a swoop by to scope out their inventory . you might be surprised how convenient this place can be . . .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow they were n't kidding ... 99 cents will get you majority of the store . i was especially floored with the 99 cent grocery selection ! wow .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love how they 've been upgrading this place ! starting to get name brand drinks and snacks . even their vegetable sections are improving . i go here for the things i know if i go anywhere else would be more expensive !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "times like this , i wished i lived around in arizona ! this place has everything ! from fresh groceries , gift bags , to school supplies ! i was so shocked that they had fresh produce here , wish they have that back home in oakland ! potatoes , watermelons , tomatoes , lettuce , bird food , toberlone chocolate , tooth paste , etc ! they 've got it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm always interested in a bargain . this is a good place to start . they have most everything that i generally need to get by in a week starting with produce , energy drinks , cleaning supplies , books , plates and even belkin carrying cases for my nano ipod ! they open at 8:00 a.m. on sundays which is ideal for running errands with my son . they even have fun toys and puzzles that keep him occupied . once we are done here , next stop fresh & easy ... ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "big selection and clean , well lighted and stocked . have just about everything you could imagine . dry goods , grocery , refrigerated frozen section , etc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just wasted my time and money in this salon.i went to have a japanese straight and my hair is back to normal after 1 wash.i 'm really mad and i think it just damaged my hair more because they ironed my hair twice without using a heat protector .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "visited on feb 25 , 2015 . ca n't believe nobody has done a review for this salon before , it 's been here at least 8 years . the hair stylists are very nice and courteous . i got a lovely men 's haircut and wash for $ 17 . the place is fairly clean and the chairs are comfortable . they have old clippings of movie stars to show their hairstyles taped to the wall which looks kind of ghetto haha . i will be coming back every month from now on for haircuts . the salon is right beside finch station so very convenient . there are about 6 hair stylists that work there mainly korean and japanese in background . they cater to men and women .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "silvia was my stylist . she was professional and friendly . i showed her the photos that i wanted my hair to look like . she listened and did a great job . i lived in the west end but it was worth the trip ! thanks silvia ! : ) price is very reasonable and affordable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great cut for men . service was quick and friendly . would go there again . it 's better to make appointment but they do walk in as well which is also quick .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did my hair here with jamie for ombre balayage highlight . i 'm very happy with the colour and olaplex treatment they offered ! i have a very fine asian hair - my hair was bleached twice to achieve the colour i wanted and thanks to olaplex my hair withstand it ! the reason i only gave 4 stars was because jamie is a bit clumsy when she did my hair . i did not enjoy the moment when she washed and brush my hair because she did it harshly . but she is excellent in picking the colour ! definitely will be back for retouch !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've visited this salon twice , working with silvia both times . i second cl l 's comments -- silvia is amazing ! she listens carefully to understand what it is you 're looking for , and does a very thorough job . i was so happy with my cut and style both times ! aside from silvia being such a gem , i also really like how the stylists at this salon do n't do the razor blade haircut . not to slam this method -- i get it : it 's quick and easy -- but i find my hair more prone to split ends any time it 's been trimmed this way vs actual scissors . but that 's just me . : ) keep up the good work ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i swear by this place . sitting from london , england it 's not easy to find dependable delivery services of any kind when your significant other is in toronto . not only are they dependable , but also polite and very accommodating to any type circumstance or occasion . the flowers have been exactly as i imagined them when in hindsight i probably offered very little description . the prices are more than reasonable for the value of piece of mind and joy that fresh flowers bring . i 'll continue to use them and spread the word . congratulations btw , because i 've been using yelp for ages but this is the first time i 've been pushed to join and write a review .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had winston at sham 's to do my centrepieces for my bridal shower and my wedding , in july and september of 2014 ( my husband also got me a gorgeous bouquet for my birthday after the wedding too ) , i have nothing but good things to say about this place ! ! ! if you want a store that looks very pretty & fancy , this is not the store for you ; but if you want quality , attentive and friendly service at a good price , this is the store for you ... they were recommended to me by 2 of my girl friends who both used sham 's for their wedding flowers and i 'm happy i listented to their advice ... winston you 've built a customer for life with rob and i", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looks terrible from the outside , but very good prices and quality on the inside . definitely worth the extra travel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got flowers for two occasions . one happy the other one not . the recommendations on both were very helpful and ended up in beautiful arrangements and actually saved me money . all around great experience . i will go back again for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "11 days later , flowers still beautiful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely wonderful ! i called around to get some flowers delivered for a funeral . the first place i called blew me off quickly and cruelly because `` its not enough time '' ( thanks for nothing irene 's flowers ) that phone call left me crushed in my already emotional state . but determined to send our lost loved one the flowers he deserved , i googled florists near the area and found sham 's number . the man who picked up was very kind and polite . they had no problem putting together and delivering what turned out to be a beautiful arrangement of flowers to the funeral home within a hour or two . thank you sham 's . i 'll be forever grateful for your kind professionalism and speed that day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i agree with the other comments . this company was so easy to order from . probably did it all in 5 minutes . got a beautiful big bouquet for a good price and they were knowledgable and super professional with me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found sham 's via google and yelp . they have a good web site . i called from ottawa and winston helped me pick a basket of potted plants in a nice basket for my girlfriend . good price , on time , and a lovely selection - she was delighted . as was i .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried the fish fry today . i have to start by telling you i am a food snob . that being said , the fish was ok. my kids had the shrimp ( butterflied frozen kind ) , not too bad . the fries were the cheapest frozen money could buy and cold . the coleslaw was also pre-made and mayo drenched . speaking of mayo the tartar sauce was that and lemon juice . i might of saw 2-4 specks of pickles in it . now the good . the service was green but very attentive . she checked back often and got what we wanted and found out the answers to all of my questions . the atmosphere was dated 1950's-ish and the sticky table did n't help . a hole in the wall , but ok . i have had the chicken noodle soup in the past and was good . ~cheers ps . park on the east side of building because the lot was muddy as hell !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty decent place to eat . my first try eating eastern european cuisine so i really ca n't make an accurate review . the staff was really friendly and attentive . the portions are huge but the prices can get expensive depending on the dish . i 'll give this place another shot if i 'm around the area and maybe i 'll try other eastern european cuisine in the cleveland area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow i had n't been in here for almost twenty years and decided to stop while waiting for a bus back to the city . back in the day it was a total old man 's bar with the occasional twenty something living on the neighborhood . we would primarily stop by for six packs and maybe a beer since my best friend lived around the corner . we joked that prior to that we may have tried to get served there underage lol ... oh the 90s . so stopping for a beer before the bus was nice . small crowd of locals , hipsters mt . lebo style . limited selection of beers but decent ones . comparable pricing . bartender was ok as well . all in all did n't miss much over the last two decades .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you like craft beers but dont like bars that try too hard to be hipster , this is a great place . good beer at the most reasonable price ive seen . its laid back and welcoming . the only reason i didnt not give it 5 stars is because the lack of parking but it truly is one of my favorite places to have a drink .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this little gem has kicked it up 1000 % since the new owners took over and got rid of the god awful smoking . the craft beer selection is awesome . great atmosphere and very cozy . will be nice when they are able to serve a little food , otherwise , if you are a beer lover this is a great neighborhood joint .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm giving this place 4 stars with every expectation it will go to five . this out of the way pub was once a haven for heavy smoking barflys , but new ownership has turned this place into an oasis of craft beers ! new tap system , a pool table , dart boards and a rich variety of craft beers is going to mean i will be hanging out here quite a bit ! welcome addition to mt . lebanon 's pub and dining scene .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff and the craft brew selection is great . with games , dart boards and a pool table , the kp is a great local hangout . linda", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice local pub . younger crowd when i was there . decent selection of beer-to-go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for a place to grab some good beer , but do n't want the hectic atmosphere of cain 's then the korner pub has that . it is dark , quiet , and offers a really good beer selection . nothing much to review here , no food , just a place to sit down and have a couple of beers . at times , depending on who it is , the employees tend to be a bit immature , but for the most part okay .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome spot with good beer , a pool table , darts , and even board games . have n't been there when it 's busy so service was always top notch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like the stuff they carry but i 'm appalled about the very homophobic nature of this organization . they support openly anti-gay groups as well . they wo n't be getting my business again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this location ! it 's much better than the other one . every time i go i find something . i mean it is a thrift store so you have to be flexible with what you find . you 're not going to be able to walk in and find exactly what you would at the mall . but i kinda like that . it 's good to have things that i wo n't see someone else wearing the next day . today was one of my worst days there and i still found five things and everything was only 12 bucks ! plus they 're name brand ! sweet ! i also have much more luck here than at goodwill . every since they moved to prospect i feel like it 's over picked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i was trying to furnish my new pad and i snagged a beautiful desk here . i think this place is usually hit or miss , but like the resale habitat for humanity store , they sometimes have really nice pieces for cheap ! : p yay for affordable furniture !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this store is dingy , dark , and dirty . the racks are not well stocked.the selection is lacking . the staff would n't notice if you walked out with a bag of items without paying for them .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you 're a college student and need cheap furniture , this is your spot . craigslist prices were out of my budget so i went here . i furnished my kitchen and living room with this store alone . whole kitchen table set ( table with two chairs ) $ 20 . tv stand $ 5 . book shelf $ 7 . leather love seat $ 100 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a fairly small salvation army , with the room in an `` l '' shape . women 's to the right , men 's on the left , children 's in the middle . jewelry in the cases along one wall . shoes on the other wall . pricing is typical for a thrift store . since this store is in a college town , i was able to score some great deals on lightly used university of illinois t-shirts . this is an `` old school '' style salvation army complete with food pantry and bread donations .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a very small store , because it shares the building with many of the social services that salvation army offers . i found a few dvd 's here . nothing terribly exciting .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their hours say they 're open til 6 , but i 've seen them close up and leave by 5:30 . not cool .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they 've really cleaned this place up . they have a great selection of clothing and bags . you ca n't argue with the prices either ! its not the best if you 're looking for something else like furniture .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's sad but this place has become . nothing coming in and nothing really selling . the staff was friendly . the location has really hurt them . they need to start actually competing with goodwill for donations and stop letting them win .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "arguably the best burger i 've ever had . i can think of one place that comes close and that was in austin texas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and reasonable prices . really friendly staff are helpful with stuff needed when we bring the kid . the bacon , mac and cheese is huge and tasty . they pour a great pint of guinness , too . have returned and will do so again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the southside burger . quite tasty . but i do wish that we in canada could get burgers cooked medium . as i find every restaraunt over cooks them . the gravy was of a thiner texture , which is fine by me as the flavour was excellent . service was friendly , attentive without being over bearing . will visit again for sure !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is good , atmosphere is homey . has gluten free options and in a good.location . do n't get the poutine its awful", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yummy fresh , filling , tasty salads . delicious burgers . extremely friendly waitress . appreciated the gluten free options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good burgers and great gluten free chicken fingers ! thanks for the gluten free menu options ... very much appreciated ! friendly service ... will definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had burgers and fries and beer ( lake of bays red ale - a good complement to the burger ) and had a great time . the burger was as good as they come : piled high but squash able into something you can fit in your mouth . the fries were good . the service was excellent and our table and the atmosphere were just what we needed on a rainy night in oakville . recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the baha burger ( it 's topped with guac and bacon ) and the onion rings . the burger here is delicious . the patties ( yes , this burger is composed of two smallish patties stacked on top of each other ) were juicy , loosely packed , and so flavourful . they do not skimp on the guac , as many places do , and it was delicious . the onion rings were okay . very crispy and nicely seasoned . i just wish the onions were cut a bit thicker so they could have stood out more from the batter . some of the thinner onion rings made it seem like i was eating only fried batter . if i order onion rings , i really want to see and taste the onions . our server was super friendly and attentive . great dining experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a fun laid back place on lakeshore in oakville . staff was very friendly & nice . great wings . lowbrow `` cuisine '' with a lot flavour ... based on my wife 's pulled pork sammy . that said , do not order the taco salad a shown in the photo in the previous post . it 's a monstrous disaster . just imagine how weird it would be to eat a tray of nachos that did n't get put in an oven . cold hamburger , cheese and iceberg lettuce without a dressing . yes , `` salad '' without dressing and a bunch of crumbled cold hamburger on a bed of iceberg lettuce . wtf .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went in the early evening with wife and one child . burger , chicken fried chicken and chicken wings tasted great . atmosphere and service was terrific . price was good for what you get . will definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store has a great selection of contemporary furniture and accessories in a very fair price range . we thoroughly enjoyed our experience walking through it and could have went around a number of times more than we did . i know it is a place which i will return to in the future as there were so many things that we liked . the downfall was that there is absolutely no return policy . once you have placed your order you have only 48 hours to cancel it after that you are locked in , like it or not . i also felt that our customer service experience was less than desirable . caroline sort of made us feel like we were less intelligent than her . she was friendly and made small talk after we decided to go ahead with our purchase . our delivery was messed up and i now have to wait an extra week . very frustrating . i think anyone looking for new furniture should go here but be prepared to be firm and ensure everything is clearly laid out so there is no room for error .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "note : i have n't purchased anything yet . this review is just based on their showroom and the fact that their furniture appears to be solid quality . i drive by this store all the time . however , i think i 've only step foot inside once ... maybe 20 years ago . anyway , i came in here to see what they had in terms of mattresses and they only carried 1 line of italian foam mattresses that i did n't quite dig . despite this , their beautiful pieces and stunning displays kept me there longer than i should 've been ! pieces are modern - think design within reach - but set in lived-in vignettes with a european twist ! beds tables in solid , warm woods . chairs in leather - not bonded . absolutely stunning ! will be returning once i 'm ready to set-up my own pad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got a $ 2500 leather sectional from them . sales process went well . had a tear and other defects on the first delivered couch , emailed sales team and it was promptly addressed . i was told to use the couch until the replacement came . the replacement did took a while ( 5 months ) to come , but it was perfect this time . i am happy with this store overall . especially for the quality you can get for the price ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do not go there . the management changed in 2013 , and since then all new management seems to do is try to scam patrons and start fights with them . the new owners husband tried to take a swing at me when i said they overcharged me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've visited this place a few times and it 's great ! one noticeable thing is their service . the last time i was there , it was a superbowl night and although the place was pretty packed , the servers were attentive and brought drinks for my table in a very timely manner . also , one time my friend spilt drink on her food that was barely touched , and the manager saw it and made another one for her at no charge ! food is better than average as well . another thing i like about here is that they have different events all the time - live music nights , dance nights , prize nights , etc so you can feel different vibes depending on when you visit so you wo n't get bored of this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a different experience each time i go . the only pro about this place is that they let you play your own music and you have a dance floor . however , the service sucks ! they have one bartender serving everyone and they do n't make food past 9pm . in two visits , we were told they do n't have food . also , during yesterday 's visit , the speaker to play music was broken.. so we basically had super slow service , no food , and no music.. just to get 2 shots took about 20 minutes and the place had our small group and 2 other people sitting at the bar .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sports bar my ass . we went into here to watch the raptors game and they did n't want to play the sound out loud for fear of offending customers . do n't go here if you want to watch an important game . the vibes are just off . the service was slow and when we walked in she was on her cell phone . and we stood there forever . also the food was so bad . do n't get the poutine . we tried it out . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bust out them dusty flip flops and get ready for some fun under the sun in edgewater park ! i love coming here on a warm spring summer day to enjoy the rare cleveland sun : ) there is a ton of grass area for bbqs , picnics , outdoor sports , etc ! there is also a little beach area with sand for your tanning pleasures and with volleyball nets ! parking is accessible and free . there are two food huts that sell nachos , hotdogs , sundaes , etc . make sure you get yourself some honey hut ice cream ! i lived close to the ocean almost my whole life , but i still have a lot of fun whenever i visit edgewater park !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down the absolute best view of the city . this park has really made a complete 180 . the cleveland metroparks have put blood sweat and tears into making this park the place to be , and let me tell you , they have done a great job ! i come to the park almost every day , whether it is in the morning or at night and i am always pleasantly surprised at the cleanliness and constant maintenance that keeps the park safe and enjoyable . if you 're looking for a place to run , a first date idea , or just a place to read and relax this is the place to be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to quote heavy d `` now that we found love what are we gon na do with it ? '' i have fallen in love with this park and im gon na get as much time there as i can . great walking trails , beach is combed daily ( if not damn near close to it ) . good view and its fun watching the older gay dudes who meet on grinder link up . soon they will start selling beer and i wont have to keep my flask in my fanny pack !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "come here if youre in cleveland . pick this over huntington ! trust me . bf and i came up here a few days ago ( we hail from cbus ) and checked out both beaches . this one is way better than huntington which smelled bad and what little sand it did have was painful to step on . not much of a view of the city either . edgewater , on the other hand , was breathtaking , clean , contained much more spacious & softer sand , has a place for even pets , a nearby open area city park with picnic tables , a beautiful skyline view of city for pictures , and a super awesome touristy `` cleveland '' sign for more pictures . it 's also way closer to the yummy restaurants in the city . skip huntington , come here : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's not the busiest part of the season , yet -- but i will say i can already see a major beginning-of-the-season improvement from last year . thank you , metroparks ! the beaches are fully raked and there are n't nearly as many gross parts . i 'd say that 's enough to be happier . but let 's just see how the water quality is once we really get into summer . kudos , metroparks !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i can not believe that cleveland has a beach and pier . this is awesome . it 's pretty deserted on memorial weekend . weather is cloudy and in the seventies . ca n't beat it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as a newcomer to cleveland , i 've been to a couple of beaches around cleveland but this is one of the better ones . a great place for a sunny afternoon in cleveland . not only are their volleyball nets , sand , and an ice cream place , but there are some cozy pavilions where you can host parties and picnics . the sand has some rocks shells near the water so bring so bring some flip flops if you are worried . a great place for kids and adults a like to get some sun . i loved being able to get ice cream when i got a little bit too hot . my favorite things about this place , the volleyball net ( pretty sturdy but you probably have to bring your own lines ) , ice cream and the soft sand . if you like any of these i would suggest coming here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for a run , swim , picnic , pets welcome . even saw a couple sharing a joint by the lake . sweet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like edgewater park . mostly for the lower part of it . as said before it does tend to get trashy . the upper area fills up every weekend with families and reunions and parties . the lower has a nice .90 mile track , which is why i 'm normally there . two snack bar type places , never been . park closes at 11p . police are on it like a mofo , i 've been stopped several times . so be careful .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "despite the perverts lurking around here at night this is a great place . i 'm an especially big fan of the path that leads through the woods to the beach . i 've met some cool people here . i have fond memories of middle school cross country races here , especially the one where i only had sweatpants and no shorts . my coach made me wear female running shorts . as you can imagine these are n't all that spacious or material intensive . i remember seeing photos of this race- it looked like i had no pants on ! anyway this park has everything- exhibitionists that set up a blanket next to the highway , colorful condoms everywhere , dead floating rats , syringes , surfers , runners and cyclists .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding sunset spot . plenty of city scape photo opps , including a huge climb-able typeface of `` cleveland '' that is mighty popular for family portraits ( there was a line of families with their photographers awaiting their own turns on the friday evening that we visited ) . allow yourself to get lost in the trails along the shoreline .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this park . i like to come here and walk the dogs , hang out in the park area or sit on the beach . i have always felt safe here , perhaps that is because i have 2 dogs ... but even when i have my kids with me , i have always felt safe . its close , free and beautiful . the bathrooms are just disgusting . there really is no other way to put it.. that is really the only negative i have . great place to escape on a nice summer day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you just got ta love and enjoy the new beach house ! ! this is a wonderful addition to our awesome city .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really nice place to stop and look out on lake erie . it looks more like an ocean though . on a nice day it 's probably beautiful ... but we stood on the shores in december ... yeah gloomy and cold . i can imagine this place being great in the summer months .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what can i say ? ! ? ! i initially i had only planed on visiting this park once during my stay , i came 3 days in a row ! it 's beautiful ! ! you can walk the paths , fish on the pier , swim on the beaches , picnic , i mean so many options ! ! it 's a must see if your in the area ! ! on my last day in town , i had a couple hours to spare so i packed up , and headed over . i laid a pic ic blanket out and sat under a tree and read a book ! it 's absolutely beautiful here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a really glad park by the lake and close to down town . you ca n't miss the great views . want to look at water ? check ! city skyline ? check ! airplanes ? check ! perfect place to fly a kite . swimming ? eh i 'll stick to a pool . they had nice bathrooms . nice lil snack shack and plenty of picnic tables in shady areas during the summer . wan na come in winter ? when the lake is froze over you can walk on the water and it 's pretty neat . just be sure the ice is thick enough ! be smart people", "score": "4"}
{"review": "god it 's sure pretty these days with all the colorful flags waiving in the breeze ! ! ! i stop in on my rides through our fair city and just kinda take in the sites . sunny summer days here with a blanket , music and hydration to catch some sun is a great idea ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a nice enough park but kind of sketchy . when i went , there were people swimming in the lake which sounds disgusting . not far away there were people it could use a more walkable space along the water - instead of massive rocks that are difficult to navigate . there 's plenty of grass space for the kiddies to run around , have a picnic , and paths for running but the location 's not that convenient .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i suppose this place is ok for cleveland . i mean i cant expect super high quality sand in the midwest , right ? but something that did bother me a lot when i was tanning was the little floating cotton like thing early in the summer . it was nasty . they literally invaded the entire beach like bio weapon , and then they just stick to your body cuz your sweating under the sun . the next weekend we went , there was some major water pollution . we saw black water padding the shore , and we could smell it too . that was bad . so , do n't go there if you see water pollution report , and try to go in the mid late summer so you dont have to deal with those annoying cotton things in the air .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the park is nice . it 's beautiful lake erie , and nothing is better than that . the water does go through periods of being unsafe , and the park itself is just really not that pretty . but it is always a nice occasion . often quieter than other beaches , but can still get busy on warm summer days .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is better than you would expect from a beach venue . good size beer and cocktails for 6-7 bucks . clen beach . keep it up", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice park , amazing views of lake and city . overall , it was pretty clean , including the bathrooms . walked down to beach , but the dog beach needs to be cleaned up more , saw poo at least twice - not good . there should be poo bag dispensers all over that area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best place in cleveland to fly a kite . but to suggest , if i might , the bathrooms need rescued from blight .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gorgeous view of the city . hands down , best sledding in the wider cleveland area . good for picnics or beaching in the summer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beautiful park with a slightly grungy beach . do n't plan on having a legit beach day here but it 's nice to come at sunset . lots of folks fishing at night . overall , i would n't consider it a real `` beach '' but a nice place of nature and open space .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there is so much to do at edgewater park ! and its insanely gorgeous with all the renovations the metro parks has done with it . you should definitely attend the neo cycle event . tons to do with the races , the food trucks , and the weather is perfect today !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a native clevelander this cleveland landmark is a harbor for so many great memories for me , as i 'm sure it is for many . aside from providing some of the most beautiful sunrises and sunsets in the region , how many of us can remember growing up and ending up here after a long night out in the flats or at a house party , planning a clandestine trip there for a special date , having deep philosophical discussions with friends after sharing one of the ups or downs of life , cooking out with the family , catching a free peek of the cleveland air show ... the list goes on and on . so while as far as park beaches go , edgewater park is n't technically `` as good as it gets , '' for me it does n't really get any better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place to see the lake and to take visitors to see a little nature in the city ( though maybe they do n't want to swim but that 's not the park 's fault ) ! it 's now pretty bustling on nice days since the change of management , and definitely puts a good face on the city .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty nice for some pictures . the beach was gross . a lot of dead fish everywhere . you can drink alcohol there , you just ca n't bring your own .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "edgewater has changed since i was a little girl . i still remebered when you had to drive on the edge of the road when you was on the top part and had to look for parking . today with all the events that go on down there , it has drawn a lot of people from everywhere and is a great place to just go and be stress free . i wish my husband still had his 29 ft boat docked at whiskey island , i enjoyed being down the on the boat just laying enjoying myself . go check it out on thursdays at edgewater , you will have lots of fun", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they came to my apartment to replace my filters , whichbi havent changed since last summer . thet were fast and responsive . very trustworthy and reliable . highly recommend for affordable ac maintenance !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just wanted to add to the 5 star reviews . the staff here is nothing short of professional . excellent communication and competitive pricing . fast but efficient , very courteous and treated my house with respect . will be recommending to my friends in the area", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they did an amazing job with our centralized hvac system . they finished the job in time and since it has been cold , our heater works great ! would recommend them . staff even did a maintenance check a month after being installed . the price was great for our goodman system .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you so much for fixing my ac . they were super fast and nice about everything . will definitely go back to them for help . awesome place that repaired my york unit . the tech was very friendly . would use again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company was able to save my air-conditioning . they 're very friendly and professional and the staff was very helpful . i would n't mind using them again in the future since my ac works again . thanks again and i really appreciate your great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "professional and courteous . great service . repaired our ac and explained everything thoroughly for me while repairing . trustworthy staff here , never seemed like the type who are just in it for the money . customer service was better then most ac repair shops ive tried in the past . will recommend to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whenever i need to get a tune up on my ac , i know who i will be going to . these guys are honest hard workers who take their job seriously . customer service is great . highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "referred by a friend would definitely use these guys in the future . they had my ac up and running in a short amount of time and i would recommend them to friends and fmaily", "score": "5"}
{"review": "referred here by a friend who has used them before . i was told from a friend that they take good care of the customer so i decided to give them a chance . they came out to my house to do maintenance on my ac unit . these guys were respectable and honest , will definitely refer to friends and family", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are local and highly rated so i gave them a shot . they were able to come out to my apartment and repair my ac at a great rate compared to others in the area . they were super fast and efficient and kept it very professional ! would highly recommend to friends and family in the area ! trust them they will get the job done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys were highly rated so i gave them a shot . these guys sounded cool because of the reviews and they actually turned out to be spot on with the reviews ! i specifically called for the customer service and the fact that by compare to other local companies in the area . the staff here is awesome and i would n't mind using them again in the future for any ac repair ! highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys did our awesome job fixing our ac unit . love how they were very clear in communicating the service charges . very thorough and diagnosed the problem very quickly ! also did a great job price matching with other local companies in the area ! give them a call if your in the area ! they will not let you down ! good people here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called these guys for my apartment because i needed my filters changed ! they were able to come out the following day and were in and out in a short amount of time ! highly recommend if your looking for quality service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called these guys based on some good reviews . i needed my filters replaced which were very dirty . they helped me out a lot and explained everything that was being done . never had such good customer service from a repair shop . will definitely be coming back for any future repairs . highly recommend for any ac repairs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was really impressed with this companies great customer service and professionalism . i highly recommend them due to their ready to help staff . they answered all the questions i had . i was able to get them in during mg day off and they were able to repair my goodman ac unit . they were able to do a full tune up on the ac and now it works like new . go to this company for all your ac needs", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so my ac went out the other day and i reached out to these guys on yelp ... read a few reviews and decided to give them a shot . let me just say scheduling was easy . they came out promptly and fixed my ac unit and had it working the same day , now my ac works like a charm.. highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they were able to answer all our questions and they checked in every step of the way ! they were able to squeeze us in their packed schedule to get us done while we had family in town . they were the most affordable company we found as well ! i highly recommend them to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dream lawns did an amazing job with our huge backyard ! ! love the new lawn with artificial grass , putting greens , basketball court and hardscape . the owner is very professional and gave us great ideas and pricing was great . i would highly recommend dream lawns for your landscaping projects . thanks again dave ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dave and his team did a great job . dave came out on a sunday to work with my crazy schedule to give us an estimate . we have a small patio style backyard . when we purchased the home it was the one aspect of the home i was not really happy with . i was really hoping in some way with the proper landscaping it might still be ok. well let me tell you . dream lawns did an incredible job with limited space . we have two jack russell terriers and they love their new grass . we now can sit on our patio and enjoy all the new greenery and ambiance . thanks again dave for taking a small space and turning it into a dream lawn !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dave and crew did a fantastic job on our small yard ! our jack russell terrier loves it ! would highly recommend them to anyone ! they even help us fill out the paperwork for our hoa to get the project approved . great communication and friendly staff . thank you dream lawns !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys did a phenomenal job with our yard . the owner checked in at every step and was on site most of the day of install . we would recommend them to anyone and will use them again if we decide to make any additions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my whole experience with dave , glenda , and their team was stress-free , and the quality of work was excellent . they were flexible scheduling appointments with me . he took ideas that i had and gave me his professional opinion and suggestions to ultimately create the backyard i wanted . i worked during the days they were installing my yard , and dave checked in with me each day to make sure i was happy with the work they had done and would answer any questions i had as well . very reasonably priced and great work ! should i have a need , i 'll use dream lawns in the future and refer them to anyone needing landscape work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the produce available is awful and never fresh . most times that i ask for deli meat i am told that the machine is broken or am simply refused . do not shop here for anything other than a pack of smokes . the service here is the worst that i have ever experienced at any convenience store . this is not an exaggeration .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is by far the worst convenience store in toronto . i do n't know what 's worse , the rotting food , the clientele or the people that work there . if you are in need of a good laugh , check out their produce and deli counter . the last time i was in there they had one rotting cabbage , 4 bananas and a soggy bag of carrots .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for a grocery in the middle of a retail dead zone , this store is n't bad . i think management has made notable improvements since the previous two reviews were written . they have a good selection of basics on the shelves . i got olive oil and frozen corn for fair prices when i didnt want to take a streetcar to the next nearest grocery . i think i would rate the place higher if they had a smaller selection that was better maintained , specifically in the fresh food sections . i probably wouldnt buy anything from the deli or bakery in their current states .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place , the girls are so attentive and professional . i was a bit skeptical after i saw the previous review ; since they are under a new management i gave them a try.i love there blows outs , every since i started coming here my hairs has been growing crazy fast and is soooooo healthy it 's unbelievable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! my hair has never felt lighter ! i have a thick fro and now i can shake it . very professional and friendly . i will recommend and will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "el peor sitio que he ido , por la salud de mi cabello jamas volveria a ir ni aunque sea de gratis y la estilista wanda es la mas ruda estilista que he conocido y nuncae habian quemado tanto la cabeza , horrible lugar no queria ni darle una estrella .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went for the first time today . i 'm new to charlotte after moving from ny less than a month ago . i 've been doing a lot of searching for a dominican hair salon comparable to what i 'm used to in ny . today was a good day . elayne the owner was friendly and is also a recent transplant from ny . the service was professional and the wait was n't long . appointments are recommended although walk ins are accepted as well . the price was also reasonable and on par with ny ( where other places i called were almost twice as much for a wash and set ) . i will be back and hopefully this will be my regular spot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "check out wanda she is bomb ! ! ! ! best ive met in charlotte i come from new york and as true new yorkers who get dominican blow outs know flat iron isnt needed .. wanda uses flat iron but does a great job ... she blows ur hair neatly than touches up with flat iron and very sweet lady", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my visit was great ! my stylist was fast and did a thorough job of straightening my hair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all the ladies are very talented . however , every time i take my daughter to get a roller set they blow her out when i leave . every time , no matter what i stress to them . they do a good job but i want whats healthy for her hair and not convenient for them . i 'm the mamma ! lastly , the location is scary !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they are the reason i quit smoking 3 months ago ! ! i love this place ! they are high on the top of my list of vape shop recommendations ! ! they are not at all like other vape shops that just want to rob you and sell you everything ! they really sit you down and give you a tour explain everything precisely . they make sure you have a clear understanding of every different types of vape guns and how much vape and wats coil juice etc ... vape language alert hahaha.. they really take time to explain.. they dont force you to get anything right away.. they are just very honest down to earth and thats what i love about this place . they make they 're own juices i heard and they also order high end juices and are very selective . i swear ive been coming here very often and im now part of the vape family with them theyre super coooll guys ! ! definitely recommend and best place to quit that disgusting cigarette shit ahahahhaha", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service and competitive pricing . my favourite vape shop in mtl by far . the dude is so damn nice , always has excellent suggestions for new flavours to try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! they have everything ! one the people working there named max is one of the best ! he 's nice and helpful ! they are not salesman trying to pick your pocket ! they explained everything to me i quit smoking in a matter of a month without any hassle", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome ! i love art , and when i saw that the gallery was free of charge i knew i ca n't miss it . it 's a beautiful space , located in the city centre , within walking distance from the waverly bridge and train station and the main shopping area . the visit took me an hour even though i did a second walk through so it 's not super big . lovely decoration with great scottish art or art made by scotts . really liked it . do n't miss out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "un tr\u00e8s beau mus\u00e9e la national gallery of scotland abrite une tr\u00e8s belle collection de peintures et de sculptures , pas immense mais d'une qualit\u00e9 exceptionnelle , avec en particulier un botticelli de toute beaut\u00e9 et les trois gr\u00e2ces de canova . la visite est de plus gratuite , il n'y a donc aucune raison de se priver , ce mus\u00e9e de taille raisonnable abrite une belle collection qu'il serait dommage de ne pas voir si on passe dans cette ville ... note : 9 10 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an amazing collection , and has free admission ! it has a nice layout , and just amazing pieces . i did n't originally plan to come , but they have certain days they open late . for art lovers , it is a definite spot , and for passive art appreciators like me , still a great place to visit . a real plus is the collection of scottish artists that you do not normally think of when you start naming famous artists , but the work is just breathtaking .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "free ? ! yes please . this place has amazing art work from a bunch of european artists ! i studied italian renaissance for a bit , so it was great to see some artworks from that era . great works by titian and many more ! also if you 're a big fan of claude monet of van gogh there are a few of those as well . the scottish and dutch paintings were also amazing and brought a lot of emotions out . cool place to visit in edinburgh and glad we went there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice museum . they have a van gogh , renoir , monet , and a few other amazing pieces worth a look . i was impressed by all the scottish artists that i have not seen at other museums . free entry and easily navigated . worth stopping by for a few hours .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company is great ! i helped my friend plan a wedding . they were super friendly on the phone , worked with us on last minute changes to our venue , the the prices were reasonable . not only were they professional , but they also interact with the guests making it more fun and excitting ! i highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a solid photo booth company , they came with their staff , backdrop , props , souvenirs , ready to print photos with customizable borders , and a great attitude ! some of these photo booth companies i have worked with are not interactive or friendly surprisingly and are n't really into it . flip and photos made my event fun , valuable and actually helped with more than just taking pictures . thanks for going above and beyond !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my company used flip and photos for a huge conference we held in las vegas last month and they were great ! we had a blast taking silly pictures , and they even set it up so the pictures would stream online . incredible customer service , fun , and friendly staff . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times and it 's been okay but today was simply awful . they were out of fries ( regular and sweet potato ) and buns ( which we only found out after paying ) . we waited 35 minutes for a cup of soup and a fried pickle appetizer . we waited an additional 10-15 minutes for our sandwiches- which they left a lot of stuff off . never recommending it again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was really good . muffalato sandwich ( im sure i butchered that spelling ) smoked gouda mac and cheese . both really good . fyi the side order of mac & cheese was enough for a meal on its own . price was a little higher than i expected but not enough to keep me from going back . only down side is that it is in the water street tavern . its ok if you go early , but go late and its a fraternity bro fest in there . in fact i would have tried the food long ago but usually avoid the water street like the plague . but hey to each his own if you like to call everyone you meet `` bra '' then you 'll love it . or just do as i will do take it togo .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food used to be great and gets worse with time . you never know how it 's going to turn out . the kids that they hired to live up to dave russo 's original menu and recipe just have no clue what they 're doing . the set-up is weird and the service is with `` diminished capacity . '' eh .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been wanting to try this place for a while . it is attached to water street tavern ( aka glory days ) in downtown kent . my friends and i all ordered the bbq platter for $ 9 . it is the friday night special that comes with the chef 's choice meat ( ours was smoked turkey breast ) , pulled pork , fries , coleslaw , and cornbread . everything was good , not great . all of us had the same complaints : the pulled pork was cold , the turkey would have been better with some bbq sauce , and the overall presentation was lacking . however , we all enjoyed the meal . i 'll go back to try something else .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i agree with elyse . the food here is bad . i guess it goes well with water street tavern . they do n't have a proper tap system , like rays , so beer is always flat and drinks poorly made . so , looking for bad food and drinks ? go here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so yummy ! i 've only ever had their carry out , so i ca n't say anything about their service . but all the food i 've ever ordered from there was beyond delicious . go for their mac & cheese , pulled pork or anything sea food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in mostly out of curiosity after seeing their large smoker in operation out front . we tried the special of the day , fresh cut french fries covered in pulled pork , cheese , and bbq sauce ( and the portion size was huge ! we got a `` small '' and it was still big enough that two people could not finish it ) , a pulled pork sammich ( again , a very large serving size for the price ) with a nice sweet sauce , and the day 's lunch special - a smoked burger . the burger patty , gouda cheese , and bacon had been assembled , then smoked , and served on a grilled bun . really , really tasty and not a bad price for lunch . the bar tavern they operate out of is pretty much an average sports bar , nothing exciting or unique but they had a pretty decent amount of stuff on draft or in bottles that i 'd consider `` actually good beer . ''", "score": "4"}
{"review": "meh ... ... i was disappointed in my first and probably only visit to cajun dave 's . i ordered the blackened mahi mahi tacos . there was one tiny slice of fish on a heap of over-dressed coleslaw per taco . i would not recommend them . my friends ordered the jambalaya and hamburger . nothing was great and portions are small for the price . i can eat a ton of other places in kent and be happier . sorry !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not a fan . boyfriend and i ate here on a whim , and were looking forward to a nice meal and a few drinks . the staff was shockingly rude and disengaged , especially the bartenders . the food rivaled my last meal at burger king , yet was priced like a nice restaurant . there are way too many other awesome places around to bother wasting money at this one .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "having been born and raised in the new orleans area , i am always skeptical when a restaurant in this area claim to serve cajun dishes . i was told `` this place is pretty authentic . '' ... i must confess my skepticism remains in tact . the food lacked any spice or kick . the portions were small for the price . i ordered the shrimp and crawfish etouffee . it was a bland tomato sauce ( and little of that ) . the rice was dry and crispy as if it had set out and dried out all day . this food was about as far from `` cajun '' as kent is from new orleans .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow ! everyone here is amazing from the evs crew all the way up to administration . the therapists and nurses are extremely dedicated . the food is good and it was literally one of the cleanest hospitals i have ever been in . there we so many windows , you ca n't help but heal . highly recommend for anyone needing rehab .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is no better place to receive the finest care possible from the most caring and knowledgeable staff . i have had numerous therapy sessions and have nothing but the highest praise for all of the pts and ots that spend their time helping all of the patients with their maladies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thru out the last few years i have had several health issue which has had me need to go to rehab center . i have now been to honor health 5 times at my own request due to the kind of facility they are . this facility has a caring staff from the physical therapy all the way thru to the nursing and house keeping staff . i have been to similar type facilities ; non of which even come close to the quality they offer . hopefully i do not need there services again , but if i would i recommend . rod stewart 7 18 17 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my second visit . the nursing staff have been very professional and super friendly . their transfer techniques are awesome . they picked up problems i had very quickly and solved them extremely quickly . the building is well equipped , clean and well designed . the therapists pt 's and ot 's are amazing very knowledgeable and enthusiastic . i can not speak highly enough of them . i would wholly recommend this facility to anyone requiring rehab !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic facility ! would highly recommend to any friend or family member . all staff are willing to assist in any way needed and always have a smile on their face !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would highly recommend this rehabilitation hospital to my family and friends . the facility is beautiful , excellent and friendly staff , nurses and therapists with multiple advanced certifications , and therapy gym with advanced technology and equipment !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite `` fitness centers '' when traveling away from home . this workout facility is a good size with various cardio and hammer strength machines . there is also a free weights area with two adjustable work benches . the dumbells range from 25lbs to 75lbs so it 's more than sufficient for the average gym goer . the four big screen tvs also make it very enticing for an extended session of cardio exercising !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the orleans spa was so accommodating ! called for aesthetician , pimple on day before wedding , and everyone there was so nice and helpful ! jonna helped me out at no charge and was beyond nice . the front desk gal was also so helpful and nice . would recommend this spa to everyone and anyone ! so thankful they were available to help !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for a facial and friend went for a massage . i did n't think it was worth it at first but the lady i got ( daisy ? ) was awesome , super friendly , helpful and great at her job . also my friend absolutely loved her masseuse ( tammy ? i am terrible with names so i may be completely wrong ) . also super nice clean facility . worth it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have new favorite spa in vegas ! jona was great and so as tammy . if you are in vegas , check this place out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been looking for cargo pants for a while and i have n't been able to find any within my price range . i saw this shop on my walk home from work on the other side of the road and decided i 'd go back to give it a looksie . i came back on a sunday and they 're closed sundays . i went back again on a week day and at first i thought the salespeople were being kind of pushy but i realized they were really just trying to help me . i had a long conversation with the philippino lady who works there and she was very sweet and so was the man that worked at the counter . i found the pants i wanted in my size ( with 8 pockets ... . whaaaaaaat ? ! ) for $ 33 which was cheaper than anywhere else i 'd found them . they also have a selection of tank tops i would go back to look at . boots , backpacks , pants , knives , even underwear . they 've got it here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was walking by this store a couple months ago and was drawn in by their sale sign . i would normally never go into a store like this but it looked like they had tons of rain boots . i walked in to check it out and they had tons of styles . they ranged in price from $ 25 to $ 85 depending on the brand and quality . i was really happy with the pair i picked up as the design was adorable . i might go back to get a sturdier pair with arch support for when i go up north . definitely worth checking out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "total rip off joint . i went in there to get a hat for a jays game and the guy kept trying to convince me to purchase hats i was saying i did n't like . when i asked how much the hats at the game were , he told me `` $ 50 , everybody knows that '' ( $ 15 more than what they were selling them at the store ) . i decided to take the risk and buy a hat at the game ... when i got to the stadium i was expecting some pretty steep prices , turns out jays hats at the game are less than $ 30 . needless to say i would never go back to nick 's sport shop . the place is a joke and the staff are scammers . stay away !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thanks to susan my skin is saved . my skin was in a horrible shape after my drive from texas to arizona . my skin was rough and discolored . i did n't know what to do . so when i got a coupon to abby milord skin care i said why not . this was my first skin care and i was worried . susan was so helpful and knowledgeable that i felt safe . she took care of my skin and recommended some skin care products to help . love her skin care products . it smells wonderful especially her spf50 . it smells like orange in a bottle . i have one more session with her and i 'm counting the day : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . susan is an amazing skin therapist and masseuse . you ca n't beat her expert service and and decent prices . she saved me and fit me in last min . for waxing before my vacation too . it 's hard to find someone who really cares about what they do and susan obviously loves what she does . i 'm hooked !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "susan is very thorough and professional in her approach to skin care . does great facials and waxing on guys , besides the ladies . come on guys - you all know about the nose hair , the ear hair , the back hair , etc . she 'll take care of it . lots of grooming services you wo n't get at a barbershop , and fix your arizona golfing skin to boot -- highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i finally broke down and tried grimaldi 's pizza . one thing i 've learned about living in the phoenix area is to never have high expectations for any restaurant , that way , you 'll never leave disappointed . grimaldi 's fulfilled my low expectations and was mediocre in every way . to start , the pizza crust was good , crispy throughout and bubbled up around the edges , as one would expect from a brick oven pizza . however , there was no discernible flavor to the crust , so , who cares . now for the sauce . the most bland , flavorless , nothing of a sauce that makes a person wonder if the chef understands that there is something called `` spices '' that can be added to food to enhance flavor . whatever happened to the sauce being the secret to a dish ? here is a note : oregano , basil , thyme , rosemary , marjoram , etc . are spices that italians love to use in their food -you should try them . or maybe just begin with salt and pepper .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "alright , alright , calm down . this pizza is good , but why do i always walk out with a $ 70 tab for 2 people , for pizza . come on ! we did get the tiramisu , but the waitress could n't even confirm for us if they they made it in-house . boooo .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "took leanne s 's advice and decided not to wait 4 hours ( literally , we showed a little after 5 pm and the hostess told us not before 9 pm ) at the phoenix pizza hot spot . turns out she was right -- this place definitely satisfied . patsy grimaldi 's is very old school . the frank sinatra photos behind the hostess desk and old blue-eyes crooning on the sound system were a dead giveaway ... their coal-fired oven produces an excellent crust , from a technical perspective probably the best i 've ever eaten -- thin , crispy and perfectly cooked . the sauce ( `` raw '' style alert in case you 're overly partial to the long , slow simmered variety ) goes on top . this is not a style for fans of bloated , soggy ( super-sized ) pizza piled high with toppings and big , greasy blobs of cheese . two personal pizzas fed four with some left over . service was attentive . if you 're a pizza minimalist ( like me ) , i have n't found anybody that does it better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having eaten at grimaldi 's in brooklyn , john 's pizza on bleeker st and lombardi 's on spring street in manhattan i can assure you this is the best pie in the valley . service is a bonus ( not a reason i eat there but nice anyway ) but do n't go for the atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a bit pricey the personal pizza starts at $ 9 and then each topping ranges from $ 2- $ 4 . i added sweet red peppers , pepperoni , calamata olives . very tasty but idk . we split a small caesar , i had a tea and the pizza , my total was just over $ 25 including tip .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "crust is the best part . toppings are minimal . sauce is bland with very little flavor . nothing like good ny pie .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "awesome place ! our service was very nice , on top of taking care of us . the dough for the kids was a hit ! the salad and anti pasti were wonderful , fresh , high quality . the pizza was perfect ! dough , sauce , cheese ... each amazing ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though it is a chain , it does n't taste like it . great pizza and a nice atmosphere here . the patio is superb .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is by far my favorite pizza restaurant . we have never once had a bad experience here , and the food is always amazing . they do have a full bar , with a tv in that area . the outdoor seating is very nice and overlooks a man-made pond . the service is always very quick , and the pizza tastes amazingly fresh . we have been here 10+ times and absolutly love it . if you want my suggestion for a topping , try the meatball . we normally do meatball , peppers , onions ... .its literally perfect , the sprinkle some of the garlic powder on it ( you have to ask for the garlic powder )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "almost as good as the new york location . wish we could have one in san diego .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great pizza ! i went to pick up a large pepperoni and was surprised at own big the slices were . you can tell they use quality ingredients . the pizza was hot , fresh , and the cheese melts in your mouth . i ordered a pepsi while waiting and even the glass was big . the atmosphere seemed really nice and you can eat on the patio where the small pond is . i reheated a piece in the oven the day after my visit and it was just as good as it was when i got it fresh , that says a lot . if you 're willing to pay for the quality ( i paid $ 23.00 including the pepsi ) with so many other pizza restaurants charging $ 10.00 for a pizza then it 's well worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here a few weeks ago and am just now getting around to reviewing this place . let me first say that i just moved here and as a foodie i was in an absolute panic to find some new favorite spots ( pathetic i know but my life revolves around food what can i say ) neways came here on a tuesday ... score ! half off on wine by the bottle and by the glass . had the lunch special . small salad , personal pan pepperoni pizza . the pizza was delicious . i love love love thin crust pizza and it was perfect . if you 're a deep dish person you may want to go for the calzone although i did n't try it so i ca n't say if its good or not . the best part was when the bill came it was only $ 25 for two people . that was two small salads and two personal pizzas and a glass of wine . not back at all for lunch . i will definetly be a patron here again and again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "some of the best pizza we have had in az . we 're from jersey , and we 're picky pizza eaters . great layer cake primitovo wine on the wine list ... you do n't find that at many pizza places , so somebody there knows their wines . the small salad can feed two as an appetizer . the caprese salad has nice big pieces of fresh mozz , and firm tomatoes with big fresh basil leaves ... not those little pieces of basil . only complaint is that they do n't have a cappuccino maker ! ! ! they need to get a really nice cappuccino maker to really call themselves a true italian restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in a day where genuine heartfelt friendly customer service is getting harder to come by , it was so refreshing to walk into grimaldi 's recently . i was greeted by bryan hochrine , mgr , with a warm friendly smile as though i was a long time regular customer . although it was my 1st time in grimaldi 's and i had just walked in for a drink to go , i was treated more like a good friend . this is on my list of `` to go to '' places . if i lived closer , i would be a regular customer here and will be at the grimaldi 's closer to my home anytime i want pizza . i will be sure to tell friends , relatives and contacts about my wonderful experience here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the second best pizza in the state of arizona . need i say more ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service at grimaldi 's was horrible . our waitress forgot to bring my daughter her lemonade . we ordered our salad and she did n't realize we ordered it then later came back to our table to ask us if we wanted a salad . the waitress finally took our order and we waited at least 50 minutes for our pizza . when we finally received our pizza it was warm as if had been sitting out for a while . we asked to speak to a manager who was very nice he agreed that our pizza did not look hot nor did it look cooked . he did comp us for our pizza . which we were happy for but our bill still came out to be $ 60 for having to wait over an hour for a cold pizza . we have been to the grimaldi 's in gilbert and had a better experience there . i definitely would not go back to the grimaldi 's in chandler . this was a disappointing experience for our daughter and son in law since we had told them how wonderful the pizza was at the gilbert location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "absolutely my favorite pizza on the planet , and i 've had zillions . it 's not any one thing that stands out , it 's everything : the just-right crispy , thin crust , cooked quickly at some insanely hot temperature in their brick oven , their sweet sauce , the fresh toppings , the layered-on ( not grated ) mozzarella ( which is actually cooked under the sauce , we 've been told ) . i like to plop down at the bar and chow down right there , while sucking down a cocktail . staff always friendly and prompt . i 've had better experiences here than in scottsdale or the new location in gilbert.. scottsdale has too many tables jammed very close together , and something 's just not quite the same with the pizza in both other places , though it 's very close . ca n't recommend this place highly enough , i could eat there 3-4 times a week !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "summary : delicious new york style ( super thin crust ) pizza at a decent price . the food : delicious pizza . thin crust . gourmet toppings . fresh mozzarella . cheese quality is a huge determining factor when assessing good pizza ; their cheese is amazingly fresh and delicious . the atmosphere : beautiful restaurant with a great water-bridged patio . eat outside . the staff : our waiter was kind of a tool . he was friendly enough , but left stacks of dirty plates on our table , left our drinks empty for long periods of time , and relied on his fellow servers to run all of his food . however , everyone else was quite helpful and friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sad to say this place is closing ... i hope the other locations are just as good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great story ! great pizza ! we visited grimaldis on our vacation october 2011 . got to hear the grimaldis history and story from the original brooklyn pizza days . coal brick oven pizza is amazing . if you need a pizza fix in arizona this is it ! ! we will be back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best pizza in america try any grimaldi 's . read the reviews . do n't need to say much . this place is the least busiest of all the grimaldi 's in all the world ! love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think the pizza here is some of the best i 've had , and i ate a lot of pizza in italy too . grimaldi 's could use a small price adjustment . i would go there far more often if they were 15-20 % lower on the price . they 'd still be more expensive then the normal nypd and such but it would be worth the cost ... as it is right now , i eat there once every 6 months since it is expensive for pizza . picazzo 's is of similar quality and price ( except when you use restaurant.com certificates it is a better price ) . grimaldi 's is closer so i go here more often .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pizza is n't half bad ... .but it 's way overrated , and overpriced . if i want good pizza there are plenty of places i would think to go before grimaldi 's .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my soon to be wife and i had our first date here , i won her over with pizza and had her take a slice of cheesecake home for her mom , that 's how you do it boys . while this location is n't quite as `` jazzy '' as the old town spot , it is still awesome and has , in my opinion , perfect pizza . yep , i 've eaten at pizza places all around nyc and the country in general , and grimaldi 's is my favorite . coal-fired , thin crust perfection . throw in a good mix of old jazz music and a good wine list and you have a recipe for awesomeness . my fave is the pesto pizza with ricotta and sausage ... heaven . they have good salads too , but who cares ? the chandler grimaldi 's is fantastic , four stars for sure , but if you have the option , hit up the five star old town location in scottsdale , but you ca n't lose either way .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent pizza . excellent service . excellent ambiance . if you have a little leisure time - and it 's not too hot out - sit on the patio . you may even find a little bit of romance there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have lived in many different states and i can honestly say this is the best pizza place . everytime we vacation in az we go to grimadi 's almost everyday !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is probably one of the best pizza places around this area . it is a bit pricey though , but the pizza is great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "period , bar none , the best pizza and service in the valley . start with a bottle of the house red wine . then have the antipasta , amazing ! then the finale ? large cheese pie ! done goodnight ! ! all this coming from a real new yawker ! ! pizzeria biancos has nothing on any of the grimaldis . spread the word and join the club . a true ny pizza experience that will make memories", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good , nicely charred thin crust pizza . i especially like the little pepperonis they have . i brought some out of town visitors here and they thought it was great . they tried pb on their last visit and thought this was better . and of course the no wait made it that much better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! ! ! i 've been to the original in brooklyn quite a few times and grimaldi 's is a favorite of mine . i happened to be in arizona over the weekend and went to this version of grimaldi 's and it was just as good as the original in brooklyn ... for quality pizza you 'll definitely have to check this place out , its awesome ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quattro formaggio pizza ! no tomato sauce though , which was a bit of a surprise . the cheese pizza was a little bland today . overall , moving down on our pizza list . we 'll go back to ziegler 's nypd pizza next time . the most redeeming quality of grimaldi 's is a well prepared dough crust . nice restaurant for sit down , and service is always very good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! i tried `` sauce '' down the road `` nasty '' grimaldis you win hands down ! my friend from jersey introduces me to grimaldis about 6 years or so previously `` tamazos ( spelling ) '' . my friend frequented the brooklyn location and i 've been hooked here ever since . it 's always a treat when my hubby gets off work and brings home a grimaldis pizza . he knows the way to my heart good food . grimaldis has always been so consistent in food and service thank you `` my grimaldis crew '' ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best thin crust pizza in town . always has great quality of toppings and great sangria . if you looking for good coal fired pizza this is the place to go . they are known for their red sauce but i love their pesto so i always get the pizza navidad ( pesto and red sauce together ) . it is on the high side for pizza and not that great to take home due to the pizza gets soggy on the way home but eating in is the place to get pizza .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "by far best pizza in chandler , az . i love the thin crust and the coal ovens give the pizza a great taste . my boys and i love the pizza here . my wife thinks the pizza is a little salty . however - i would n't order pizza from anywhere else given a choice . they never have coupons- and that is because its worth every penny . pizza is thin and ingredients are fresh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have my favorite pizza around . thin , with fresh quality ingredients . the cannolis are also top notch . i usually order pick up but have eaten at the location . service is always friendly and prompt .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best pizza in chandler ! love the crust . the caprese salad is soooooo yummy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the claim to fame for grimaldi 's is the crust , which is not bad . i really enjoyed the toppings much more than i expected ! the sauce is slightly sweet but not cloying , generously applied but not soupy . the cheese is obviously a fresh whole milk mozzarella , very tasty ! and the pepperoni was good and zesty ! having had the pie carryout and dine-in , i have to recommend dine-in for the freshness of the experience . the crust does lose a little something after sitting in a box for awhile . overall i would give the pie a 9 10 for an above average pizza . after the closure of zza 's in downtown chandler , grimaldi 's is now my favorite pizza place . man i wish i could get delivery here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grimaldis has great brick oven pizza . the crust is thin its made fresh to order and they have other sauces besides just tomato which we appreciate . they give the kids dough to play with and crayons as well . additionally , they have outdoor seating and good service . all around a relaxing high quality pizza place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are in the mood for great thin crust pizza this is it ! ! ! i have been trying to find somewhere as good or better but i keep coming back here . now there maybe better places in scottsdale , but why drive 30 minutes when it ca n't be that much better . my only less than 5 star experience was when i ordered a pie with kalamata olives and they make it a little soggy , i just think they did n't drain them enough . we try and sit in matt 's section he is always friendly and full of suggestions . this is a no frills pizza and salad place that reminds me of italy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it has been over a year since i visited this hole of a restaurant , but my experience is what counts . the staff was confused and slow to visit our table , the pizza might be the most boring bland pizza i have ever had . the soda did n't taste right and the place was a total mess . to top it off the price was a bit high for something that ca n't even compete with peter piper . i would not go back to grimaldi 's if someone gave me a gift card . try prima pizza sometime ... behind the taco bell on val vista and baseline . it is a dive , but the pizza is simply amazing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "again , this place is hands down the ultimate pizza in the valley . some day i will set aside to stand in line like a sheep for pizzeria bianco but in the meantime i owe my loyalty to grimaldi 's . food and service is a+++ and i hope they stay the areas top secret !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was nice , what was even better is that though the parking lot was packed at lunch time , the place was not busy . as if nobody thinks to go to grimaldi 's for lunch because at dinner it 's busy . i liked it . calzone is better than the comparable one at nypd .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service was good , friendly , and pleasant . the garlic bread was bland and i would not order it again . it lacked butter , garlic and was sparse with herbs too . i asked for a cup of tea and they had no tea bags . the woman brought me a cup of hot water and apologized for having no tea bags . did she really expect me to drink hot water ? so how did they manage to serve iced tea to other people ? aside from the lousy garlic bread and lacking one of the most basics of any restaurant ( both coffee and tea should be stocked ) , the pesto pizza was actually excellent . had they been able to provide a cup of tea , they would have received another star . the pizza flavor was excellent , the amount of toppings versus thin crust was fine , the crust was not soggy but crisp but not too crisp and i really enjoyed it . some of the crust was slightly burned but i did n't choose those pieces . i would go again but for the pizza only .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pizza and calzones are pretty good here . not much else on their menu though except salads . service is pretty hit or miss , sometimes it is basically nonexistant . they have a nice patio overlooking a small lake , but it is often closed when the weather is nice for parties that are hours away . sometimes they just are n't even offering service on the balcony as they are slow . i have never seen this location be busy . it is usually very quiet for lunch and dinner . too expensive in my opinion for the small menu and generally poor service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there is no better pizza in arizona than grimaldi 's . i have never had anything bad here . we always get pepperoni , mushrooms and ricotta . the caprese salad is sooooo good . the cheesecake is awesome , even better than cheesecake factory . the service here can suck sometimes though . if you do n't order a bunch of wine or booze , the wait staff puts you on low priority , which gets annoying . but other than that this place is awesome !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly family oriented pizzeria . wait staff was friendly . a little on the noisy side , but what do you expect it being family oriented . great pizza . only complaint was that the service was slow . make sure you are n't in a rush when you go here . but go ! you wont be sorry !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what can i say ? awesome pizza ! some of the best pizza in the entire valley can be found right here in chandler . quick tip : they can be a little skimpy with the cheese so the wife and i always order the pizza with extra cheese and extra pepperoni . if you get it that way you will swoon with pizza ecstasy i guarantee it . also the canole 's are to die for ! the only other pizza place that comes close to this is at casanova brothers in gilbert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dickson hiney this is good . the positive externalities that comes from the combination of sausage , pepperoni , and ricotta is mind bottling .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved their white pizza . their salad was crisp and tasty . its a bit pricey but well worth it . i would go there again", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am surprized to see the great reviews for this establishment . i have never seen the price for a simple pizza add up so fast . i went inside to order a pie to go ( with jalepenos ) . i watched as the cook sniffed the container of jalepenos , made a face and then dissapeared in the back with the container . i am not sure to this day what that was all about but it certainly put me off pizza for a while .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "simply good pizza . does n't need any toppings , but i added meatballs . nice looking restaurant also . i stop by when ever i am in az . in ny , i go to lombardis , but grimaldi 's is also good there . the cannoli in az is also good . crispy , not soggy and the filling was good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the best pizza i have found in az . i have eaten at a couple locations and they were both excellent . the pesto pizza is one of my favorites and i like to try the specials they have . if you like a crisp thin crust pizza , you will love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great pizza . the salad is good too but the pizza is better . i gave it four stars because i think it is a bit over priced for pizza but its definitely good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice service , average pizza . if you are in this nieghborhood and want real ny pizza , try buonos on the nwc", "score": "3"}
{"review": "simply the best thin crust in az period . sit at the bar with a glass of wine and the always friendly bar staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best pizza in phoenix ! i already knew this , that 's why we suggested it for my pizza lover brother-in-laws birthday dinner . we came here for a birthday with a party of almost 30 . we called a few hours in advance and since their party room was free they were more then happy to reserve it for us . the service was awesome with such a hectic group , mostly paying separate checks , the waitress always had service with a smile and our drinks were always full . there were several kids in our group , this totally could have been a disaster anywhere else but at grimaldi 's it was great service and excellent food as always .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone has a favorite pizza joint . grimaldi 's is n't really a joint it 's a bit more upscale , nice atmosphere and this location in chandler is awesome to eat at on the patio ( when it is n't 115 degrees outside ) . the pizza is thin crust , full-flavored and it 's easy to scarf an entire pie without even realizing it . if you have outta towners looking for a good place to go for authentic pizza and good service , patsy grilmaldi 's is the place to go . hand 's down . robert pfeifer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first visit here . heard good things about it , and had a chance to try a slice someone brought home once . we were coming back from a movie , it was late , and we had a craving for pizza . we made a good choice . we arrived about 15 min before closing . almost nobody in the place . the bartender ( there is a bar by the entrance ) greeted us and gave us menus . we ordered pepperoni and mushroom take-out . she put in the orders and then brought us some water while we waited . i could see them hand-tossing our pizza , and within about 15-20 minutes ( i would guess ... i was n't timing them ) we had our piping-hot pizza ! took it home and served it up ! it was a simple pizza , but it was very good . the sauce , the cheese , and the toppings were reasonably generous ( could have been a bit more , but it was good ) . they do ny-style crust , so it 's fairly thin . i definitely can see coming back here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best pizza i 've ever had . i 'm 50 so that says something . lol brother and sil treated my mother and i to grimaldi 's . we sat on the patio ( this was spring time ) and overlooking the water and waterfall feature made a nice place for a romantic setting ( if you 're looking for one ) . definitely will return even if i have to pay this time . lol : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grimaldis has great pizza ! we love the authentic flavors of the crust and sauce . my son and i can split the large mo problem . the crust is thin and crispy ... . not thick . if you are looking for fresh tasting pizza you need to try it out . cost is a little more than average but worth it because of quality . also the wait staff rocks . they took care of us and we never had an empty glass . they were very friendly and we were greeted many times walking in and leaving . if you can sit on the patio.. even better . its a great environment !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the pizza is good , but somehow does n't quite taste the same as the original in brooklyn . great job on the crust though and if i ever went back , i 'd get just the original pizza , which comes margherita style .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you love thin crust pizza , you have to give grimaldi 's a try . the crust is perfect , the toppings are fresh , and they use just the right amount of sauce . i 've only eaten here once , and we sat at the bar , but the service was quite good . they have a limited selection of draft beer , with some local selections . the restaurant itself is clean , modern , and spacious . the only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars is the price . $ 25 for a pizza ... get real ! i do n't care how good it is that is crazy ! i 'll probably be back though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best pizza in chandler if you like thin ny style . for pan chicago hit oregano 's . anyway , the ingredients are primo . i like the pepperoni ( small but slightly thick and very flavorful ) and sausage . the mozzarella is prime but placed intermittently so order extra chesse if you like your pie completely covered . we have eaten here several times . they will give the kids some dough to play with which keeps them occupied . salads are tasty also . in summary : patsy is the bomb ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great pizza joint . upscale , with a side of small back east pizza joint . food is consistently good no matter when i go . great view on the patio in chandler ( only one i have been to so far ) flavorful and about average price wise . would absolutely go back again . i have to try out there other locations , gilbert would be my next stop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "grimaldis gets a big yay from me . the pizza is flavorful , fresh and very very yummy . i love the crust its thin but not too thin , the sauce is just right and the toppings are plentiful . only thing is , my pizza gets cold by the time i 've finished scarfing down the first two slices . we normally get two pizzas , one for each , and i just wonder if mine comes out first and sits there a few minutes before the other comes out . almost everytime we go my pizza is on the cooler side . so i guess that would be my only complaint . the cannoli is reallllly good too , a definite must try . when the weather is pleasant , sit outside on the patio that over looks the water , very nice . so if you 're looking for a good pizza and a nice restaurant , grimaldis is a place to try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i never in my life would have thought that i would award five stars to a government agency , but here it is , credit when credit is due . went in a couple of months ago to get a marriage license and was in and out of there in 20 minutes with friendly and efficient service . then came back today to have the marriage recorded and get a certified copy . again it took about 20 minutes and we were treated as well as at any private business . very refreshing and up-lifting to see that government actually can work well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it would be really nice if you hired someone who spoke clear english . i 've now been to 3 offices looking for my marriage license so i can get a certified copy , guess what ? no onw knows where our marriage license is ! it 's lost and we 've now had 2 people tell us they will call us when they find it . my husband is deploying to afghanistan and we are on a time crunch to get everything done before he leaves . worst customer service is ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there always so nice here ! i think a smile and courtesy goes a long way . i 've been here multiple times and get my documents very quickly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just like the other review , surprising quick and efficient for a government office . in and out with no fuss . made it in at 4:55 on a monday afternoon , they did n't complain or anything just took care of business and i was out of there in five minutes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did you know that court cases , and almost all court documents are available to the public ? go to this place , and pay them .50 a page , and you can even take the knowledge home with you !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "quick trip in and out . i came in to file some docs . i signed in and within 30 seconds i was being helped .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "divine vodka ! you should take this tour if you are an adventuresome foodie because they teach you how a distillery turns wheat to vodka . and the taste is delicious , creamy and smooth ! i love their enthusiasm and the fact that you are drinking nc vodka ! definitely make reservations since it 's small but definitely worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to visit doc porter 's for the tour and it turned out to be very informative . we will be going back in a couple months to purchase the bourbon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you can taste the love in every sip ! we went over here on a weekend to give the spirits a try . we went on a mini tour and tasting , which was $ 7 per person . very reasonable . the tour was very informative , and again you could tell this business is a labor of love . they offer vodka , gin , and now bourbon ! we were able to try them all , which was nice . i do n't even like vodka , but there 's was delicious . so smooth ! the gin is flowery , but the juniper is n't overpowering . the bourbon was also very smooth ! great smell and taste ! we left with a bottle of gin , but really i would 've taken any of their spirits home . again , the father and son duo were so kind and you could tell they really love what they do . i love their heart and love they 're local ! they deserve everyone 's support !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great tour , definitely learned a lot ! and the vodka was excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "doc porter 's is definitely worth a visit if you 're a fan of craft spirits ! the owners are extremely nice and knowledgeable . you can really learn a lot about the entire distillimg process from the tour , which lasts roughly an hour . they have free samples afterwards . while i 'm always a fan of free booze , i reach true fanatic status when it 's delicious . their gin made me a doc porter 's fanatic . it 's perfect for a gin and tonic . the only downside to the whole experience is that you can only buy one souvenir bottle from them per year , but that 's not their fault . we can blame nc 's terribly antiquated liquor laws for that . regardless , take the tour , and look for doc porter 's products at your nearest abc store !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved the distillery tour . the owner was very informative and friendly . i love the way they work together with local farmers and other businesses in our community . please come out and support them ! you wo n't be disappointed . also the voka had great flavor as well as the gin and burbon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i heard about doc porters about a year ago and recently saw a groupon for a tour so i quickly bought it and made a reservation for 3 . the tour lasted about 45 minutes and was held in one room . the tour guide was very knowledgeable and answered everyone 's questions . i am all for supporting small businesses so at the end of the tour i had the opportunity to buy a first barrel bottle of their bourbon . i was very excited about that ! i 'd recommend this tour to others as it 's a great thing to do on a rainy afternoon , which is when i did it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome gin , bourbon and vodka . not a gin person - but theirs may have converted me . the tour was detailed and really informative , and you get a free tasting at the end . great tour if you 're into the alcohol making process .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tour was well worth it . they are small but impressive . hilarious crew working there too . the spirits were amazing ! make sure to try the bitters in your sample . so good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a fun , interesting , interactive tour ! the tour made for a very interesting afternoon and was filled with great information . you 'll learn more than you ever knew possible about craft vodka and whiskey . go ! ! ! you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent little distillery . not much in the way of tours yet but liquor was awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "andrew is a great host and very knowledgeable about this craft . we had a great time learning about his business and especially tasting his products . i 've been to a bunch of distilleries and generally find one product that i like , but everything that andrew and liz and the team make is awesome . i will be stocking up at my local abc store and getting the word out to my friends about this awesome distillery . keep up the good work guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a fun experience . it is so amazing to see local production and learn about the family history behind . ca n't wait for the bourbon to taste ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a hidden treasure . the people that own work here are very knowledgable and very friendly . the tour last about 40 45 minutes and you learn all about vodka , gin and bourbon . you even get a taste and a shot glass with the purchased tour . very cute , very small , very friendly . plus the vodka is amazing ! ! ! one thing to keep in mind is where you are touring is n't temperature controlled so if it is warm outside expect to be warm . i think i 'm only going to drink doc porters vodka from now on . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i had a wonderful weekend stay in charlotte and i booked the distillery tour for us while we were there as he is very much a bourbon aficionado . the tour was so informative and fun . the gin from doc porters is devine ! ! ! my husband nor myself like gin but we both loved this one . the couple that owns runs the distillery is so nice and personable . we had a wonderful time and they gave us a fabulous suggestion for dinner also . make sure you make reservations for the tour as they do fill up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very knowledgeable staff that make you feel welcomed from the minute you walk in and they produce one of the best vodka 's i 've ever had ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved the experience ! the porters were absolutely wonderful , and the tour was both informative and interesting . the vodka and gin are some of the best i 've ever had ( and i ca n't stand gin ) . thank you for a fantastic time with friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phenomenal tour by andrew and liz ! loved the story behind the distillery and their company . andrew was extremely knowledgable about the distillery process and passionate about producing quality products ! the gin was beyond expectation , the best i have ever tasted , a must buy when visiting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my 1st visit here & i was greatly pleased with the tour . you can tell the owner loves what he does because he was very informative & knowledgeable about his product . i love the fact they use local products .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "like others , i heard about doc porter 's and even saw their spirits at my local abc . when i saw the groupon , i had to go check it out . being an avid vodka drinker ( i do n't take shots but sip my vodka straight ) , i learned a lot . added bonus was finding out that they also created their own gin and bourbon . super friendly and easily approachable with questions my wife and i had a great time . instead of buying deep eddies , tito 's , grey goose or belvedere , i 'm going to start supporting local and purchasing doc porter 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "andrew was great , fun and very thorough with his explanation during the tour . we really enjoyed our experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "george is honest , hard working and get 's any job done . i just had my transmition repaired and i would use him again in a heart beat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for straight answers , quality work , and someone who stands behind their guarantee , then you need to see george ! i came across him by chance , a few years back , when my sister needed a new transmission . since then , i have nothing but wonderful things to say about george and az quality ! i own 5 corvettes , a shelby cobra , and several other cars as well . i can , with complete confidence , ask him to work on any of my cars . not only does george do great work , he does not mind taking the time to discuss your issues with you either . i drive across town because he 's that good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "george is a great guy , honest and delivers as promised . very knowledgeable and professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first review ever but i felt like it needed to be done . so i was having issues with my car not shifting past 2nd gear and many other issues . i found az quality transmissions and decided to give them a try due to the fact they offer 2yr warranty w unlimited mileages . no one else does that from what i can tell and i have called many shops . my camaro was a nightmare after george finished with it he sent me to an electrical shop which took forever to get my car fixed and back on the road . george stayed in touch with me and the electrical place to ensure great customer satisfaction and i ca n't say i know many places that does that these days . he is a very trustworthy guy and i will most defiantly be taking my car back to him in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to george with my 2005 honda civic after being recommended by a friend of mine . he runs a great shop , very honest , aboveboard , and downright knowledgeable . i would highly recommend him and his shop , his work is superb . moreover , as a college student at the time i have great appreciation for his reasonable rates , he is always upfront about costs . i have nothing but good things to say about george and his skills .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you know how bad summers are in az if your ac is n't working ! george fixed my ac and i am so happy it is finally working ! i really recommend this place george checked what was wrong with our car for free , he also chargers way cheaper than other places here in phoenix , i will be going back for any other issues i have with my car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "go to jeni ! she is the best . meticulous , and i always leave with exactly what i wanted .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to anthony for a handful of years now , and i wo n't go to anyone else ... i constantly get compliments on the color ! i highly recommend salon virtu for service that goes above and beyond . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been getting a haircut from anthony for about five years and he always cuts exactly how i want or better . i work in sales and i always want to look my best . i have not had luck finding a men 's hair stylist i would regularly return to . now i only go to salon virtu . quick , consistent , and great service . i would definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice environment , lisa one of the new stylists is great with color , helps customers find best products and connects customers with other high quality salon services . a real gem in a crowded space !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "anthony is amazing at coloring and cutting hair . wo n't be going to anyone else : ) it 's also a nice , clean salon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "karen is new to salon virtu . i followed her from another salon , and have been a client of karen 's for three years . she is just the best ! i was impressed from the beginning and never looked back . karen makes you feel confident and at ease from the start ! what really impressed me was her knowledge of color , combined with great skills , along with her fun , easy going personality . i am constantly referring people to karen because i just love her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is amazing . any restaurant that offers cheescurds and tater tots as a side is fine by me . it has a sports bar atmosphere but is still great for families . the only reason for the four stars is poor service . but it had just opened so i 'm sure they will iron out the wait staff and that will be just as excellent as the food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "monk 's is a very loud sports bar . i went on a busy friday night and we waited about 15 minutes to be seated . they estimated 20-30 minutes so we were happy with the 15 minute wait . they have a ample seating in the waiting area , so that 's nice . we were seated on the edge of the bar and it was very loud ! the food was good enough but nothing exceptional . i actually prefer culver 's burgers and cheese curds . i 'd maybe go back for drinks and appetizers . tip : the waiter did n't ask how we 'd like our burgers cooked so if you have a strong preference , remember to tell them !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "eat there once had the mac-cheese and chicken strips it was wonderful . will go back soon", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i went for just some drinks and snack , the reason i mark 4 star is just because i did not really dine here . we had a couple of beers and a screw driver . the bartender was very friendly and nice and cheerful . the food was fresh and good . my wife and i really enjoyed the place and definitely go back in near future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and 2 kids went here on a friday night to check out the new monk 's . it was very clean and the staff was courteous , our server kent was great ! i had the 'it 's all gouda burger ' and my husband had the chicken tender wrap , both were delicious . huge portions and piles of fries . my only complaint is about the children 's menu . we paid $ 6.00 for a kids meal , not including a drink . both kids ordered a lemonade which came in a small covered kids cup , we paid $ 2.50 per drink . the kids meal was now $ 8.50 . come on monks , that price is a little steep . all in all , great food and service , but the kids menu needs some changes !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i watched sports , i 'd want to watch them here . everywhere you look there 's a tv screen , literally the only place they do n't have a screen is in the men 's room . i do n't know if i could watch tv while i 'm doing my business . anyways , food was solid . i had the burger and fries ; fast friendly service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the fourth monk 's location we have dined at over the years . being the newest it lacks the charm of the downtown dell 's original location . we were in the verona area and decided to stop in for lunch . it was pretty quiet on a thursday afternoon . the staff were all friendly and the service good . i ordered the gouda burger and it was excellent . the chipotle mayo gave it a nice kick . the bun was super fresh and soft . it really made the burger . the taco salad was just okay- nothing special . the prices were pretty typical for a wisconsin tavern-like restaurant . not sure how busy this place is on weekends but i would return for a burger .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our waitress crystal may have been the rudest waitress i 've ever had . i had a problem with my burger ( it was super well done i asked for medium rare ) . when i informed her of this she simply said `` oh , sorry about that '' and walked away . did n't offer to get me a new one or anything . i later asked to speak with the manager ( she said he was n't available , looked real snotty and walked off ) . i paid the bill and left , i wo n't be going back there again . other then that the appetizers we 're great and the atmosphere was nice . to bad one bad employee can ruin an experience for me and my friends .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i experienced a fairly carefree process in downloading the app , registering my credit card , then renting and returning my bike . the next bike app is 24 mb , so you may want to download it in advance and complete your registration . they will charge $ 1 to your credit card which is later refunded . once you enter the bike id you wish to rent on your app , a code is texted to your\u200b phone that you can use to release the bike . one beauty of the process is that you can return the bike to any of 50 locations . there 's an app feature that helps you locate the nearest drop-off . the app is clunky , at least in it 's android version , but it does make a fairly complicated process quite manageble . the seats on the bikes are as adjustable , and the bikes are much easier to ride than i expected .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great in concept , horrible in execution , spent the hole time wishing i listened to the other reviews . 20 minutes later and trying to get 3 separate bikes out , we gave up and went for a walk .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "oy . oy oy oy oy ! ! that is the sound of my credit card being dinged for identifiable charges . it appears that the bike docks regularly do not register returns . this makes sense , because at any moment the bike or the dock itself will become completely unresponsive . having used similar bike share services in dc , boston , and philly without any problem , i am befuddled and annoyed why we are stuck with suck craptastic technology here , years later . every single customer service rep i have encountered has been kind , albeit clueless . now i just need to get my $ 100+ back !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i got my refund ! and , i have even rented a bike since then and only had two problems ! ! considering how things were going there ... that 's actually pretty good . i still think the whole system needs work , but i also still love the idea , and really hope it all comes together .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i use the app and it works for me every time . ( i use stations in oakland and shadyside . )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pittsburgh needs to get another provider . this ( german ? ) company seems like a beta test . 1 . kiosks often totally dead . instructions are unclear , but even then a dead kiosk means you ca n't rent bikes . 2 . locking mechanisms at kiosks often do n't work . meaning you ca n't lock bike and thus terminate your rental . i 've seen other bikes not locked at the kiosks . this vendor is a disaster and not up to the job . it 's too bad because plenty of other cities have well functioning systems .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "definitely one of the cooler bike share platforms i 've used . we did the 24 hr unlimited option which allows you to lock up instead of always finding a station . it 's cool that you can unlock your bike with the app . my bike 's battery died on the second day so i had to call them . i quickly got a customer service agent and they refunded my fee without me asking . the bikes were well maintained and fun to ride . we took them all over the city and had a blast . the rear lights did n't work that well which was slightly concerning , but drivers seemed pretty aware and cautious . i would recommend it to other people .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i searched yelp to find a local courier and found coyote courier services from chris w 's stellar review . i ended up using this company today to pick up an envelope and deliver it to my office . it was $ 17 for a trip that would 've taken me almost two hours round-trip . i 'd say that 's worth it ! i called and spoke to stevie on the phone to set it up . she was friendly and made the process extremely easy ... i 'd definitely use them again . the only reason i 'm giving four stars instead of five is that i requested a receipt be delivered , faxed , or emailed to me . originally , i was told they would fax it right after the delivery , but i 'm still waiting .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thank you coyote courier . just like the speedy coyote in the cartoons , you came through and saved me time and late charges today ! after an event , i had some lovely black linens to return and needed to do so before end of business day . i called coyote in the late morning and crossed my fingers for availability . not only was the service incredibly friendly , they also said they could deliver it in time ... and on such short notice too ! while i waited for the associate to tell me how much it would cost , i anticipated many dollar signs considering it was kind of a long drive . however , it was practically less than the gas it would have cost me to drive there -- only $ 17 ! ! i think i have found a new best friend in coyote courier and thank you gabi and chris w for your great reviews so i knew who to call in a time of delivery need !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they picked up my documents , and got them to the mortgage company before the promised delivery time . i would use them again . website is easy to use as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed documents from my cpa , so i called coyote courier services , and everything about them was professional , from the person who took my request to the courier who delivered the documents . plus they were there an hour sooner than expected . great job . i would definitely use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "coyote courier services in phoenix , az went way above and beyond what is expected that i feel compelled to write this review . our client was a bit more than an hour late on the pre- arranged pick up time and i was shocked to learn that coyote courier had waited for the client to arrive . they were also kind enough to drop the item at fed ex for a small additional fee . if you need a courier in the greater phoenix area call coyote courier and save yourself some time and money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called today for courier service same day for a quick turn deadline . driver was professional , courteous , and on time . delivery had a minor hiccup due to multiple security gates , and all was good due to great communication on behalf of the driver . we will definitely be using them again and highly recommend , thank you coyote courier ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are the best ! insanely fast , easy , and excellent customer service . the price ca n't be beat nor can the speed and ease of use .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed a package delivered in phoenix on very short notice . given that i live outside of arizona and the package was especially important i contacted a friend who has a business in phoenix . he recommended coyote courier as the best delivery service in town . i placed the order , was apprised via email of each step in the process and within an hour , the package was delivered . coyote couriers has great software and great drivers . will use coyote again . tom b .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jason and his team really helped accommodate our needs . not only did coyote courier meet our requirements , but went above and beyond our exceptions ! we were shocked to see how fast they return phone calls emails , and their friendly customer service is out of this world . we really felt like we were being taken care of ! i recommend any person or business to try this company out . thank you coyote courier for all of your help !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "coyote courier service came to our rescue ! ups incorrectly sorted our package and this would cause a 1 day delay receiving timely meeting materials and would not work . sami at coyote courier gave me a 2 hour window they could get a courier to the ups facility in mesa and make the 25 mile trek to our destination well before the meeting . this was much better than reprinting the meeting materials at kinkos too ! the materials were delivered as promised in the 2 hour time frame , however the only issue : i did not receive was a confirmation email from coyote as promised upon delivery however i received a call from the recipient . i am still giving coyote 5 stars for delivering as promised ! thank you coyote and sami !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 stars , no doubt ! a group of girlfriends and i just flew in to phoenix for a connecting flight to cabo from dallas , tx for a bachelorette . we all have matching shirts , but realized we left one shirt at home once we boarded the plane . fortunately , we found coyote courier services and called them to explain our dilemma . not only were we able to arrange for a pick up for the shirt supplies at the nearest michael 's , but the courier arrived at the airport in only 1 hour after our request ! i would highly recommend their courier services , you wo n't be disappointed . thank you guys so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they save me so much time and money ! i refer this company at every opportunity and use them often . thank you so much.. for your service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing fast service and great follow up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called and spoke with michael at coyote couriers at around 11:30am to have some documents taken from central phoenix to east mesa to release a check . a courier came to pick up the paperwork within 45 minutes of my call . they were in mesa by 1pm and back with my check by 3:30pm the same day ! amazing and quick . cost was around $ 50 . highly recommend especially if you ca n't be in two places at once . i paid by credit card and they emailed me the receipt before i hung up the phone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . what a great company from start until finish . i work for a small company in atlanta , ga , and we had a shipping issue with a product shipped on a monday for tuesday delivery in arizona . the package was delayed and would not arrive on time . i can not understate how important this box was for our company ( $ $ $ ) ! we were all in a panic . how were we going to get a replacement box from atlanta to phoenix in a single day ? i called coyote and on the first ring , a wonderful woman answered the phone . sam , could not possibly be more helpful and kind . she was patient with me ( first time using a courier service ) and consistently reassured me that my package was just as important to them as it was to me . for a very reasonable price , they picked up my box at the airport and delivered it with time to spare ! five stars for coyote courier services . from customer service to execution , excellence . i wish they were in atlanta !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoy shopping at the pawn shops in vegas . there 's always a good selection of products . this location has a nice selection of jewelry and watches . on a recent visit , i found a ring for the better half . i bought it at a great price and squirreled it away for a future gift . the superpawn stores in vegas are willing to deal with you . i offered 30 % less than their asking price ( not sticker price ) and got it ... .i probably should 've asked for more , but once they agree it 's hard to go less than that . return factor - 80 %", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of my favorite pawn stores to shop at i get amazing deals . they are more than willing to barter with you to an extensive point . their polite their courteous it 's never overly full overall it 's a great experience shop with that one", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . called to check on pawn for a friend . put on hold twice for a ridiculous amount of time , almost comical til they hung up on me and i had to call back . no apology ... nothing . just put on hold ... yet again . infuriating . totally rude & not helpful at all . thanks for the help sweet girls at super pawn .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "beware le thai has been operating with a c grade from the health district for the last month . i am highly upset with their lack of cleanliness & will no longer be returning", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my first impression was , `` right in the heart of fremont st ! '' this little thai gem is located within the hustle and bustle of fremont . great environment to stop by for a dinner during vegas trips . the thai food here is authentic , yet modern and original . their `` amazing noodles '' are sincerely amazing and a delicious up from the popular pad thai dish . a must try is also the beef short rib fried rice . it 's sweet yet savory and compliments all the other spicy , family style thai dishes . the red curry and eggplant tofu was so rich and the sauces had just the right amount of spice ( we got medium ) . as with all thai restaurants , they 're not joking when they say something 's spicy so be cautious ! i especially loved he outdoor seating with the patio lights and side bar . perfect place for a thai tea , thai beer , and hearty comfort food away from the overplayed chain restaurants . the lasting impression ? `` a hidden gem off the strip and a must try in vegas . ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "4 1 2 stars . great location if your visiting the fremont experience although the parking was a pain to find . i suggest parking in the public parking area to avoid the street meters . the inside of the restaurant is a hole in the wall with the back patio being much larger equipped with water misters to cool you down during a hot summer night . started off with a thai ice tea which are gigantic here . i tried the thai style wings which everyone raved about and they did n't disappoint . the portion was large and the dipping sauce was yummy . for my main entree i went with the basil pork # 2 spiciness which was not very spicy by flavorful . the portion was large and i could only eat half of the bowl . i ca n't say enough about my waitress panissara - she was awesome , friendly and constantly checked in to make sure i was taken cared of ! overall i 'm a fan of le thai and would return next time i 'm in the downtown area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "le thai falls on our list of downtown strip restaurants that my so and i will brave the weekend tourist crowds for , and you las vegas locals know that means it has to be good ! although many items on the menu look delicious , i would n't know because we both get the short rib fried rice every.single.time . i 've tried to replicate it at home , braising expensive short ribs for hours , never coming close to this bowl of perfection . we both order between a 3 on the 1-5 scale , and it never disappoints . the spring rolls and chicken satay are flavorful , they have a good beer list , but the the fried rice is really the main attraction for me . parking is usually abundant just a block or so away near the container park , and you can use the no wait app to get your name on the list before you go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ambiance : 5 - this place smelled really delicious from the outside ! as for the inside , i would describe this restaurant as `` hipster thai '' with a little bit of quirky mixed in ! it 's a little small , but boy is it warm inside during the winter ! ! ! service : 3 - the service was a bit on the slow side , and they asked us if we had ever been there before but failed to really explain the dishes or tell us anything special about the food food : the food was very good ! you can tell they cook a lot of their dishes in a really unique way ! out of the curries and noodles i tasted , i really loved the pad see ewe ! i got it in a 2 or 3 on the spice level ! next time , i wan na try their drinks because they have funny names lmao ! : p", "score": "4"}
{"review": "le thai completely exceeded my expectations . it 's smack dab in the middle of fremont so i could n't imagine dining here on a friday or saturday night but i came here on a weekday afternoon and it was spectacular ! i was a little skeptical at first simply based off of the the small size of the restaurant ( the outside patio area is huge ! ) the misters did a great job at keeping us cool . for starters , our server , trelysa greeted us immediately with water and let us know the happy hour specials . we ordered the larb salad and the pad see ewe . both were bursting with flavor and the portions were just right . when dining out , i 'm a huge advocate of receiving a great service . rarely ever even in vegas where it is a hospitality hub ) does this happen . le thai thrives in both food and service . ca n't wait to come back and try the other items on the menu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first visit here . i guess from the reviews i was expecting more . it is typical downtown vibe . food and service is average . the water tastes horrible", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cute little place and sooooooo good ! service was excellent and we enjoyed the atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chicken larb ... ... 3 color curry with brown rice , awesome noodle and short rib fried rice ... need i say more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like this place . they have a great lunch menu where you can get just about anything for $ 8.95 . they 've got a nice outdoor seating area that 's always pleasant . the is courteous , friendly and efficient . i 've eaten here 3 times now , had something different everytime and every meal was tasty . personally i would recommend trying their wings , even as a quick light bite meal . that 's what i did this last time and they were bomb ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think le thai is one of my favorite restaurants in las vegas . the atmosphere is great , we sat in the main dining room which is small enough to fit maybe 5 or 6 tables and a bar . the beer selection is really neat ; they offer so many types of asian beers . i ordered the pad thai at level 3 ... it was delicious and i overestimate myself ! next time it will be a level 2 , but the pad thai was so good i could n't stop eating it ! i powered through , runny nose and all . i thoroughly recommend this place to anyone in the downtown area . also , make sure you check in on yelp to redeem your free hug !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "le thai : quick , easy , simple ( a dozen of dishes at most on the menu ) and nothing much to write about . lunch specials are decent , and they stay open late . for the rest - go and find out yourself !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "garlic fried rice is to die for ! ! very busy place so calling ahead is always recommended . i promise you it 's worth the wait either way !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called in my order because they are always packed and was told it would be about an hour . i thought that was kinda ridculous but went ahead and ordered anyway . i ordered the spring rolls , awesome shrimp noodles and curry chicken . the curry chicken was great ; very flavorful and saucy . i got it medium spicy because some of the other reviewers said it was really hot but it was n't . i could 've actually went with spicy hot . the awesome noodles which are overpriced at $ 10 was a disappointment because of the bean sprouts . i 'm not really a fan of bean sprouts and there were just too many but the noodles were good . surprisingly there was a lot of shrimp and they were cooked just right . spring rolls were good also .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the short rib fried rice is amazing ! so many different flavors that blend together in an amazing way . i probably eat here at least once every week and always get the short rib fried rice . tip : come early for lunch ! it opens at 11 and by 11:30 you 'll already have a 20+ minute wait ! so worth it , but if you want to be seated right away arrive as close to 11 as you can . they do have a bar with about 5 seats and one smallish tv so it 's not the ideal place for watching a game but is still phenomenal overall . this is my favorite restaurant in downtown vegas and i 'd highly suggest it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here in november when my group got trapped downtown in the rain while the las vegas marathon was going on . thai was a really great choice when you are cold and it 's dreary . my fianc\u00e9 has never liked thai food but dining here got him to change his mind . the fried rice was delightful as were the noodle dishes . it was interesting to have whiskey be a prominent focus in the bar drinks . everyone in my party was happy with the meal , especially the tom yum soup !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cute little place , great if you want to have a nice meal in vegas without spending big bucks . i also loved the outdoor patio as someone who hates air conditioning ! nice shady little spot . the waitress was nice , the curry dishes were spicy but in a flavorful rather than burn-your-mouth way . great spot for a solo meal , date , or hanging out with friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! this place is my favorite thai in las vegas . they have great beer , great food and great atmosphere . the place is a bit tiny but they have a little patio as well , which helps a lot at night when it 's a mad house . the staff is super friendly , the decor is cool and hipster ( including a pretty kick ass mural outside ) . the prices are not bad , they have plenty of vegetarian choices and pretty delicious desserts as well , my favorite is the sticky rice with fresh mango . stay away from the nutella crape though , the scrambled eggs on top of nutella are just not a good idea . definitely looking forward to going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "found on yelp . went for lunch . short rib stir fry rice amazing . spicy eggplant equally good", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! will be back many times . had tom kah and it was the best i 've had in vegas . the service is good . we never had to wait long for anything . make sure you are willing to sit anywhere including the bar . this place gets busy and is n't a place for a quiet date night but a great way to start your night on the town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a friend of mine suggested this place for dinner one night . we had a group of 8 or 9 and this place is really really small . luckily they have a nice patio area with heat lamps so they set us up outside . the food was ok ... not the best thai i 'd ever had and i feel that was the general opinion of the group . it was a bit pricey for what it was and where it was located though . i would go back in a group setting if other people wanted to go but vegas has way too many good restaurants to eat a place that is just ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there are many thai restaurants that i have patronized in my time , but i can not say enough about this establishment . the meal was absolutely delicious.the drucken noodles were made to perfection and the heat was spot on . the service was impeccable , quick , and friendly . even though it is located in downtown las vegas fremont street it should not detour you from stopping by and trying out this place . small yet quant it has a atmosphere where you can go relax and enjoy a great meal . the cocktails were also up to par . the spring rolls as well as the fried wings were amazing . all in all , the next time your in vegas i recommend giving them a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place seemed really cool . great atmosphere and location . ordered the chicken pad see ew level 3 spicy and i could n't handle it and i 'm mexican . cool place , tone it down on spicy though . will try again next time", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was fine . service was abysmal . i thought we were on a hidden camera show it was so bad . aloof chick server who could n't remember my order no matter how manny times i repeated . awful .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "its solid thai , solid . but three stars ( really 2 and 1 2 ) because the last two times the waterfall beef tastes boiled and had that iron-y taste that bad meat cuts have and the sauce seems different . sorry guys . it has become tough for business lunch because so many other professionals there . the curries and the panang are great . atmosphere is more of a non-professional vibe to be more comfortable . i go to a lot of business lunches there , but frankly , the close quarters make me always feel like our conversation is being listened to . so social lunches good- business lunches not so much . i met the owner once at the bar with my wife late nite and had a great experience , really good times , but need to up the execution.sorry , this has been one of my stalwarts and needs a bit of a re-dedication , to me at least .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we ordered he simplest of thai dishes , yellow curry , mainly , to serve as a litmus test . the chicken was of ordinary quality . the sauce i requested as medium . it was . however , the curry sauce was not complex , not nuanced . instead , i could basically only detect a chili or spicy taste . it had a good taste , but the other . typically accompanying tastes were n't there . steamed white rice was good . eating outside was semi pleasant . but the ordering through the fast food window , the plastic silverware in the wrapper and zero service all make it less than optimal as an eating experience . yes , the help asks for tips in the checks . by the time we were finished , we spent 20 on a simple thai dish that was a tad crude and a drink . given no service and ordinary food , awkward parking , etc.. i 'd pass on this . there are other thai restaurants in town with better food and a much nicer ambiance .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "omg ca n't wait to come back that coconut soup and short rib fried rice ! ? ! yes ! ! service was amazing : hostess , bar tender , waitstaff all so so friendly and accommodating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't seem to give a lot of five star reviews but wow , le thai is worth it ! walked down to the restaurant from our hotel and were greeted and seated quickly . we both had lunch specials . karyn had the three curry with chicken and i had the ga pow with pork . wow , both were so delicious , priced right and filling . we had the hot jasmine tea . so flavorful . rather than put the teabags in our our mugs , we put both in the teapot itself . we eat a lot of asian food and this was one of the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite thai place in the downtown area . the place is small and clean and the staff is excellent . the food always comes out hot fresh and tasting great . i would recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we really liked this place , it 's a small place but we got there as soon as they opened which i recommend cuz 20 mins later it was packed and it looked like the wait time was long . we went during a very beautiful day and sat outside which was perfect , it 's a very cute outside patio . service was very friendly and fast . my husband ordered the short rib rice which is delicious and i had a stir fry which was equally delicious . it can get pricey but it 's in downtown so it is expected to be . we totally recommend . p s it is a pain though to find parking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after stumbling around fremont st for a while , the hunger started to set in and thai food sounded amazing . initial thoughts upon entering , the restaurant was slow but it was the middle of the day on a friday . we chose to set in the back deck area which was very nice except i think the mist machines are a bit too much , they are nice but maybe a little bit less as water builds up on the table , food , etc . onto the food : the wings are to die for . seriously , so good . you will not be disappointed . i had the pad thai with a level 3 on the 1-5 scale of heat . again , very good . would recommend to anyone . something like $ 3 canned beers which is a nice change from staying on the strip . i saw someone comment on the music being too `` bet '' , maybe whoever is working controls the music but the mix that was on while we were there was mumford and sons , and some other indie music . probably my favorite meal in vegas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fremont st 's best . it 's hard to find yummy local faire in the touristy part of fremont st , but this place hits the spot . the fried chicken appetizer is fantastic ! the sauce that comes with it is hot with some sour cream tang ( siracha mixed with sour cream and mint perhaps ? ... ) . the drunken noodle everyone raves about is definetly tasty and hits the spot . the chicken satay is not worth it- too dry . although , the size of the satay is huge ! like whole chicken breast huge . it is a little off from the tourist area and there seems to be a lot of locals who hang out here . i would recommend this place if you are in the area as this is a good break from the crowd .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's like a party in your mouth that makes you cry when it comes to an end ... but it helps knowing you can start the party again in the near future . my friend that is a boy is obsessed with the peanuts they give you when you sit down ... i think he likes them more than me . thanks a lot le thai ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried the yellow curry , pad thai , and pad see ewe ( sp ? ) . everything was so spicy even though we ordered mild . the only thing i thought was tasty was the pad see ewe . would have liked the food better if it was actually mild ! try it out but make sure you know what spiciness level you 're really getting when ordering .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had the lunch special about 2:20 pm on sat 20 dec : - $ 10 for entree and fountain drink ( which alone is priced at $ 3 on the menu ) . - i opted for lemonade and the massaman ( ? ) curry with brown rice . - they brought me white rice ( which did n't bother me ) , offered to refill my lemonade and when they saw that i was sweating ( even though i only got the `` 3 '' spicy level , should go for 1 or 2 next time ) they also got me a glass of water . - curry was delicious . will definitely be back to try their other dishes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's not as great as the hip and trendy young people who hang out downtown say it is , lol . i ordered the fried rice and was very disappointed as the menu said `` combination fried rice $ 11 add shrimp $ 13 '' so i thought that meant chicken , pork , and shrimp so i ordered the $ 13 one . nope . just shrimp . no chicken or other meats . maybe it was just me but i found that very misleading . the portion was about half of what an authentic thai restaurant would give you . i ordered the spring rolls which were fine , but tasted exactly like panda express eggrolls . i also got the thai iced tea which was great but a little more expensive than other places . i spent $ 27 on small portioned food . the flavor is good , nothing incredible , but i would n't come back . this spot is more `` trendy '' than authentic . pass .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! ! ! this place is located in the middle of everything that makes freemont , freemont ! it 's right across the street from the seven magazine office along with some popular local bars locals go to hang out if they do not want to be overwhelmed with the tourist on the strip . everytime i 've been there the food have always been so yummy . the only thing that is negative is it 's always busy and a wait is unavoidable , but once you do get seated everything is all good . the menu is simple but simple is good . definitely a place to visit rather you are a local or tourist !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "le freaking good thai good here . i mean its worth the wait , they will totally trade you money for primo thai cuisine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered the larb salad and bit into a large chunk of mud on the unwashed lettuce . when i brought it to the servers attention she brought a new piece of lettuce . then she took the dirty lettuce back to the kitchen which has a large window that you can see into from the dining room . i watched her show it to the chef and then they both laughed about it . terrible customer service and and unclean . will not be eating here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i appreciate simple menus . get anything it all tastes good . you need to eat before you hit any one of the surrounding businesses for your own safety lol .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "le thai is le bomb . stopped in for some happy hour snacks and drinks and walked away with a great meal , new friends and nary a dent in my wallet . i stuck with imported thai and laotian brews , but the cocktails looked awesome . the portions were big and the food fantastic . a must try if you find yourself in fremont east .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best thai ever ! we understood there was always a wait so we called ... they told us they could put us on the list to get there in 45 minutes , perfect ! we sat out back in about 95 degree weather under the misters , also perfect ! ! lunch specials for $ 9.95 , hell yes ! amazing green curry but then i tried my husbands 3 color curry , holy moly ! ! the flavor of that dish is out of this world and i ca n't wait for my next trip to vegas to run directly here for the 3 color curry ! as a tourist , downtown is the best and this place is one of the reasons !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was good thai food , but pretty greasy compared to other thai places i 've been to . i recommend the tom yum soup .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is super yummy great service and little small but super yummy the short rib rice is a must and do n't forget about the 3 color curry amazing", "score": "4"}
{"review": "last night we went into the le thai have dinner . amber the host that they have outside is very wonderful young women that knows how to do her job . had smile on her face the whole time she was talking to us . also she knew the answers to our questions that we had . as we were seated the server darren was wonderful very respectful and helped us out with the food that we wanted to try really took the time with us . the bartenders are wonderful they make really good drinks . overall i give the staff beyond a 5 star along with the food and restaurant . i would love to go back ... had an amazing time when i went..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best thai food i have had yet ... . ( many more places to try though ! ) ask for it hot and you will get hot ! get there early for it gets packed ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "met my friend here for lunch during the work week - the food was full of flavor and super tasty ! we started with larb which is basically a chicken lettuce wrap- thai style and it was my favorite ! ground chicken with fresh herbs and lime juice - yummmay - just bursts with a bouquet of flavors in your mouth . i 'm going to try and make it this weekend i liked it so much . way better than pei wei or pfs . next we shared yellow curry chicken which is my standard thai order ( level 5 heat was just on the edge of too spicy but right for me ) and an order of the drunken noodles with beef . both were mouthwatering . portions were great , we took some home for later . service was also excellent . only downside is the location , of course parking downtown sucks and is exceptionally crowded at lunch time . restaurant is small so get there early . definitely some of the best thai food in town !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "maybe not my favorite thai place but definitely a close runner up . i got drunken noodles and it was great . we finished with the fried bananas and they were awesome ! we will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a great dinner yesterday . the pork jerky is the best . vcl", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the most delicious meal out with friends ! the short rib fried rice is off the chart ! everything was amazing ! ! plus , awesome service ! thanks darnell ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the beef short rib fried rice is amazing ! went to las vegas for the life is beautiful festival and le thai was so good we ended up eating 2 our of 3 days we were there . you can not go wrong with anything on their menu but the beef short rib friend rice is some of the best i 've ever had ... feel free to move to san diego .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have eaten here twice now and both times the food was awesome and the service great too . cute place but super small and if you have someone under 21 in your party you will have to sit outside on their back patio . but they have these huge misters back there so it 's ok. had the pad prik and the chicken pad thai and both were really really good . will come back to this little thai place on fremont street !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing . i want to go back to vegas just to have dinner here again ! the curry was delicious , plus a full bar . so authentic ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was too salty and service was not strong . the quality does not quite reach the price point . pad kee mao was not good . short rib fried rice was definitely better . worth trying if you visit this place . the bill was n't too expensive but there are probably better choices in the area . i honestly do n't know why the wait for this restaurant can be 45 mins to an hour . maybe try calling to reserve if you plan togo here . we were lucky we were just a party of two so we did n't have to wait . they let us sit in the side bar .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "waited an hour and a half the host would not let us order drinks from the bar or even sit at an empty table located outside the hole in the wall restaurant . where customer service is king someone should train these guys what customer service is . definitely not better than archie 's pad thai . save your cash and time . because we all know our time is worth money . -sincerely chef kimo", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time here and what took me so long . we sat with tia and she was stellar . we had the chicken coconut soup and it was some of the best i ever had . after that we split the larb because my girlfriend always does and she gave it the thumbs up . we had the yellow curry and could not finish it so i will be tucking into that later . we have to go back for the short rib fried rice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i discovered this place over a year ago & have been going just about every or every other week . i always get the papaya salad , green veggie curry , & shrimp pad thai . i recently decided to try the short rib fried rice which is also legit . the only flaw this place has is that they do not take reservations but i over look that because it is that good . you will not go wrong , it is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had lunch here with my girlfriend on a tuesday , hostess was super nice . she said there would be a 30-40 minute wait and we could relax at the tables outside . about 5 minutes later she told us a table was opening up and to follow her inside ( yes ! ) . i got the tri-color curry and my girlfriend got the awesome noodles . i was expecting something like a bed of rice with three colors of curry on top : red , yellow , and green . but it was more of a yellow curry with some red peppers and basil . tasted great ! her awesome noodles were very good , similar to a more flavorful version of pad si ew . service was excellent ! portions were adequate , and we 'll definitely return next time we 're in vegas . keep up the good work le thai !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my absolutely number one go to restaurant when i 'm in downtown las vegas . today i had a late afternoon lunch , and ordered the happy hour chicken skewers . the waitress warned me that two sticks would be filling , but for six dollars i could n't imagine them being that big . i must say that i was wrong . the happy hour appetizer chicken skewers would be equivalent to two full-size chicken breasts . it came with a small cucumber salad and peanut satay dressing . it was really delicious . i could n't even finish the appetizer and i was hungry . i ordered a beer so i did n't feel like such a jew , and could give the waitress a big tip . i am seriously full with a happy belly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "im visiting from nyc and i went here for bornday celebration . it started so wrong ... .we ordered and were told we had to order again because there was a problem in the kitchen so we should order family style to ensure faster service . fail ! ! ! ! the service was slow . we all changed our irders expecting large sharing portions not it was an experience i want never to repeat . do n't tell me your . kitchen size and wok shortages to make me order what you want ... .soooooo no worries never again . i 'd like you to split that star with their other lucky service thai places in vegas .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place was pretty awesome . small but cool . got some good pad thai and sake . get the sake in the can , it 'll knock you on your butt ! very cool atmosphere in downtown las vegas . i would definitely recommend it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were vacationing in las vegas and came across this restaurant as we were walking down fremont st . the food is amazing ! one of the best thai restaurants i have tried ! i would definitely recommend stopping by if you are visiting the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like having a consistent thai spot less then a mile away from me . i was hesitant to order take out from here originally because i did n't know how difficult it would be to park . but there 's a 10 min parking area right across the street . i ordered what i normally order when i first try out a thai restaurant which is the yellow curry . i also ordered the ga pow with sliced chicken . i was n't a fan of the curry but i thoroughly enjoyed the ga pow with sliced chicken . unlike other thai restaurants the chicken here is pretty moist . the fried egg on top of the dish took it to another level and the richness of the egg yolk helped enhance all of the surrounding flavors .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ga pow chicken and waterfall beef are a weekly staple for lunch and i recommend their entire menu to any of my friends . the staff is great , the music is quite often good edm ( not commercial ) , the location is perfect , and the food is amazing ! i used to herald lotus of siam as truly brilliant thai food but truth be told , i hold le thai in higher regards . i just hope they can grow into a bigger spot . it 's sometimes difficult to get a seat when the zappos crowd is on lunch break .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best thai restaurant in town ! they get it right every time . friendly service , amazing ambiance and food that is full of flavor , exceeds expectations ! i have been coming to le thai since they opened and they just get better with time ! the short rib fried rice is supreme ! thanks to brian behind the bar , my drinks were just right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was quick and food was amazing ! the waitress recommended drinks and food according to what we normally like . spot on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute little place , cozy outside seating , relaxing atmosphere , friendly people and delicious modestly priced food . when i went it happened to be happy hour , beef jerky with sticky rice and wings is what i had there ... .loved . took home dinner for the fam , more jerky with sticky rice ( my family loves sticky rice ! ) coconut lemon soup ( ca n't remember the name ) and chicken larb . mmmmmm the flavors melted in our mouths .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first experience at 6 ( the sister shop to gee beauty ) which could best be described as a lifestyle shop . it 's a nice little space , tastefully decorated with a well-edited selection . the store skews towards women , but they 're an exclusive carrier of terrific le labo bath products , which was my sole reason for visiting . i 've patronized my share of high-end shops , but this place seems to subscribe to the outdated notion that stuck-up somehow equates with exclusivity . i was the only customer in the tiny shop but still felt unwelcome and neglected by the millennial staffer ( i sincerely hope she was n't the owner ) . she sized me up about my knowledge of le labo , did nothing to assess my needs and seemed utterly bored to know that i was making my purchase as an anniversary gift . the whole experience was just so awkward . zero engagement , zero warmth . the kicker was when she started texting while ringing up my purchase . management may want to invest in staff training . was expecting much more .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i made a special trip up there to check out their le labo product . was disdainfully greeted by some twenty something woman with a `` helloooo ... '' and utterly affected presence . she seemed more concerned about her charging cellphone than with selling anything . i asked her about the product and tried to engage her , but she utterly could not be bothered and had zero social skills . i 'm not afraid of dropping decent coin on perfume and supporting local businesses rather than buying from larger retailers , but i can not abide disinterested and snooty sales staff . i get far better service at holt renfrew , which might be a stretch for some . to be honest , the service in most of the shops along the rosedale summerhill strip was pretty much on par with this place , sad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am pretty surprised to read the reviews below- but i guess they were a while ago . my experience at 6 has always been positive . i love the space , and i find the girls working there to be quite welcoming . i started coming in a few years ago after getting my brows done next door at gee beauty . i always find special items that i have seen online and have n't been able to find elsewhere . the sales associates are pretty knowledgable about the products- and helped me find the perfect lelabo scent . though many of the items are beyond my budget , i have found really nice gifts and special earrings that i wear everyday . also , the vintage levis they carry are so good . i love this store ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just purchased my first bottle of le labo perfume this week-i must say , after shopping around for perfume for the last 6 months , this was by far my best experience ! the staff were incredibly knowledgeable about the line and helped me narrow down what was best for me in a record amount of time ! ( rose 31 if you 're wondering ) it was also a huge treat to see all the other goods they carried in the store , so many lines i 'd never seen in person , the price points are a higher than zara , but exactly what i expected for the lines they carry . definitely a store to stop by when you want treat yourself as i did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks for the advice thomas g. you may have stopped us from making a big mistake god bless", "score": "1"}
{"review": "your review helps others learn about great local businesses . please do n't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review , or if you 're connected in any way to the owner or employees .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to this office for about 10years . i love the way they treat me and i love the way they treat my family . highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this tim hortons is the worst i 've ever been to . first things first , i took the time to walk there . i ordered a steeped tea only to get a coffee instead . and then ordered timbits only to find out they were stale . so i ended up walking back and switching the coffee to the tea ... and got a refund for the timbits . no hassles . but when i brought the tea back , i was told there was too much milk and the tea tasted like it was n't fresh . never again will i go to this tim hortons .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a fairly new location , for this area , and the block of new stores that are around it ! great service , great staff and a super clean location . this location makes shopping in this area a little less painful , cause we all need a bit of spring in our step .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was ignored by the cashier for over five minutes , she was talking to one of her friends and made eye contact with me multiple times . she made no move to serve me , just ignored me . i was told when i was finally served that they had no timbits , of any type , available . they also had no soup . i got a toasted bagel that was n't even toasted . tim 's is the only place within walking distance from work . their customer service is horrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have a love hate relationship with this mcdonalds . i love that it is so close to home . while i try not to eat too much fast food , it 's nice to have the option and not have to drive too far to get it . some it opened , there have been problems at the drive through almost every time . they consistently get my orders wrong ; cheese when i ask for no cheese , no sweetness on my sweet tea , missing items . it just gets to a point where one gets frustrated and does n't want to go back . i will say that today 's visit was fine and i went inside as i had time . the tables were clean and the staff was friendly . i think you have a better experience if you order inside .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped for coffee and oatmeal and it took ten minutes . yep , ten minutes and there was no one ordering but me . first , the cashier kept asking linda ( manager ) for change . why he was asking was a mystery to me given i was using a card . how did i know the manager 's name was linda you ask ? well the cashier yelled out her name while i was standing a foot in front of him , over and over again and from the look on her face she could care less . now why my oatmeal and coffee took so long to get , you got me . you would have to ask one of the six employees i saw who were just chatting with each other . as for the oatmeal and coffee , both were good . ca n't make up though for the bad service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this location at power & queen creek never has a working shake machine ! ! ! yesterday it was st. patrick 's day and no shamrock shake ! ! ! today no shakes still . what a joke ! ! '", "score": "1"}
{"review": "today will be the last time i go to this location . i was looking forward to my favorite cheat meal . instead i got a cold hamburger , fries thrown inside the bag leaving the fry holder 1 2 full . when i was asked to pull forward i kindly refused not wanting my order to get cold . then the window attendant told me the fries are in the bottom . i pulled around , walked in the store , asked for a manager and showed her why the order was unacceptable . i dumped out the bag showing all my fries . then justin told me to clean up the mess ! stomped away saying `` i was a grown ass woman making a mess '' excuse me ? ? ? this will be the last time i get cold food that i paid $ 8 for..bummer.cheat.meal . disappointment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i normally like mcdonalds but this one has the two drive-thru windows and has just got my order incorrect for the 4th time . i stopped going to this store because i got frustrated with the dive through and the manager 's blame the employee 's attitude . today the taco bell right next to it had 4 or 5 cars in the drive through and mds only had one so i took the chance . great news , they got my sandwich and fries correct and even though i ordered and iced tea and got a coke instead . 2 out of 3 is the best you can hope for at this store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went again against my better judgement all i wanted was a frappe , a lousey coffee on a saturday morning at 8:08 am and again i get `` our frappe machine is down for cleaning '' . what kind of mis-managed establishment cleans a coffee machine at the beginning of the breakfast rush ? mcdonalds corp. please step in and spank this location , they are in way over their heads . ps , i know your maintenence crews clean those machines at night so come up with a better excuse for your shortcomings ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am not the type of person to complain about a restaurant but this has been like the fifth time i 've been to this particular mcdonald 's on higley and have waited in line for about approximately 10 minutes . the reason why i go to mcdonald 's is because it 's supposed to be fast not necessarily because the food is great . i just waited in line for 12 minutes with only two cars ahead of me ... and then got down the road and my bigmack looked and tasted like it had been under the heat lamp the whole day ... i could n't even eat it - i thought mcdonald 's had standards ? i will not give this particular mcdonald 's any more chances - i am done being nice and forgiving . i think it 's convenient that they do n't have a phone number listed on here as well ... i was going to call the manager but apparently they do n't have the number listed on google maps .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we utilize the drive thru a lot because we kind of figure surely they will improve at some point , right ? if you check your order before driving away , you should be fine . not checking my order before pulling away has bit me in the bootie a few times . ( we made it home one night and literally half of our large order was missing ) now i am sure to check and it seems to work . i do find that they miss something out of the order more times than they do n't and i would be a bit more impressed if they acknowledged it . i went there at 11:45 this last friday night and they were out of iced tea , sprite , and diet coke . when i said `` really , you 're out of all 3 ! ? '' the girl at the window was quite tart when she replied `` well , it is the end of the day ! '' . um , do n't think so .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "by far the worst mcdonalds i 've ever been to . the restaurant is always filthy dirty . the staff is rude and inept . they never get the order correct and when you call them on it they are unapologetic . unfortunately people still go there simply because of the name . the management of this location should be ashamed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i counted at least 7 to 8 employees in the store . with only one person on the register . it did n't matter how many people were in the lobby they did n't add anyone to the register nor did anyone help the cashier . the manager should be fired . i 've never seen such a blatant disregard for customers ! ridiculous !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "how do you serve the wrong thing when the name is literally on the wrapping ? i asked for a mcgriddle and they served me some biscuit . if i did n't have a sick crying baby i probably would have returned . seriously , attention to detail guys .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this mcdonalds has the worst service . we do n't go to mcdonalds often and the few times we have gone here they screw up your order . i did not check my order this morning and got home and sure enough a sandwich was missing . the other food also tasted like it was sitting under the warmer forever . i tried calling the store four times and no one picked up . i then called the customer service department to tell them about the poor service . i do n't have high expectations when it comes to fast food , but at the minimum put the right food in the bag . thanks for making it easier to not go back : - )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as a former employee of the golden arches i am sad to see how bad this mcdonald 's is . the food is what it is , not good not bad , just blah . however , the service is horrendous ! not only that but i 've called their management offices and left messages and i get no call back at all . i avoid them and go get my cheap fast food elsewhere . it 's not worth the aggravation .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "most mcdonald 's never get my order right but this mcdonald 's are always on point . thank you and the employees are so nice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got home and there is no meat on the egg mcmuffins or sausage mcmuffins . too far away to go back . there is always something with this location ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a peculiar mcdonald 's for sure . i feel like for a place that is rarely packed they do take longer than usual . one incident was really odd as well . when the mcpick 2 involved filet o fish sandwiches i went over and ordered 2 but did not tell them specifically i wanted mcpick 2 filet o fish . technically it 's the same sandwich and you would think their computers would know it 's on the menu . nope , i was charged the normal price and did n't realize it till i got home ... kind of stingy . you would also assume the associates would know their own menu . maybe it 's a cheap money tactic ... do n't ask , no discount .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i stopped by to grab my kiddos a snack and to play for a bit in the kids play area . the problem is they are always , always , always out of ice cream or their ice cream machine is broken !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm surprised this one is still in business . i wonder if management even reads these reviews ? are you going to this mcd 's after reading all of these reviews ? geeezzz , higher prices than other mcd 's , terrible service , inattentive servers , wrong orders , long waits ... i have tried this one several times . it 's close to home but bad service once , shame on you mcd 's , bad service twice and i still go back ? shame on me . i 'll just get my coffee at home .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst mcdonald 's i 've ever been to . this is the second time we have been here this week- both times the ice cream machine is broken . the staff are all young , grumpy kids who act like you 're bothering them . horrible service . filthy play area . always out of something . my husband ordered yogurt parfait . it took 15 minutes , and the berries were frozen solid . just time after time this place gets worse and worse . we will not be returning here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so when i was a teen i worked at a mcdonalds and from that experience you get to eat things when they are fresh off the grill . it 's a big difference , trust me . i really like this mcdonalds because they keep their foods fresh . the workers could be a bit nicer but i remember when i use to work there , you 're tired from standing for hours , oily from frying fries all day , and have to smile at those crazy customers.. but it does make the experience better when you have a nice staff at the drive-thru window , i mean be nice to those who are nice to you , smile ! they are open 24 hours friday and saturday and they have sausage egg mcmuffin at 12am ! best idea ever.. in a sense ... because now on fridays i like to stay up until 12am just to eat that oily breakfast sandwich . satisfying yet a bad habit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "attempted to come here many times . usually just for coffee and rarely ever breakfast . this location is way too slow , and everyone inside always seems dazed , perplexed and confused about what needs to be done . breakfast needs to be fast and seem less , so if you do n't want to be late for work ... . do n't come here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst mcdonalds ever ! waiting in the drive thru 20 yes 20 minutes . the food was all cold . fries so hard they crunched like potato chips . this is not the first time either . this franchisor either does n't care about his business or has no idea what is going on . either way yelp is n't enough on this complaint . i intend to call corporate and find out who what entity owns store 35558 . people need to be fired because these problems are constant . or the franchise needs to be pulled .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe that i 'm reviewing a mcds ... but this is the absolute worst location that we have ever been to . it 's a running joke in our family now . literally every time we drive thru , our order is wrong and we have to walk inside to get it corrected . this weekend , my husband purposely ordered for the boys inside , and they still messed it up ! a couple of months ago , they asked me to pull aside in the drive thru and wait in a parking spot since they were behind on fries . so , i waited ... and waited ... and watched 10 cars pull away with their food ... and i 'm positive that every one of those cars had fries in the order . after 15 minutes ... 15 minutes ... i walked inside to find my order sitting on the counter ... they completely forgot about us . they could n't have cared less ... barely an apology . it is a complete joke to them !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a clean and modern mcdonalds . play area for the little booger makers and a tv w espn for the old farts . two drive-thru lines to speed up the ordering process , and i 've never had any issues w the drive thru . all this equates to a solid three stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this has to be possibly the worst store i have ever been to . i went there 9 30 14 at 5:05 am . i ordered the # 2 breakfast meal and four breakfast burritos . i thought it was a simple order , but i waited for 10 min in the wait spots . i walked back in to find no one at the counter . i waited and finally a lady ( mgr ) told me they were running late on the burritos . i asked for my money back at 5:17am . at 5:17 they still do not have any burritos ? this store opens at 5am and they are not ready at 5am ? this has happened to me on several occasions . i went to the one on val vista and pecos today , and was on my way in no time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst mcdonalds i have ever been to . ever . something is always wrong , today neither of their drive through speakers work . i keep hoping praying someone fixes all the issues with this mcdonalds , but nope something is always wrong . i guess god is trying to save my arteries one bad visit at a time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just went here and ordered a big mac and got it on a cheeseburger bun . i guess it 's ok to rip customers off , i wo n't be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best service ever ! ! ! ! ! the mixed girl with the curly hair did so good serving my food . i wish more of the employees looked as good as her to be honest didnt even come here for the food i came here for her . i walked in and was like daaaaamn ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could rate this zero stars i would . this place consistently messes up on orders . it seems like when you ask for sauce they will get yelled at by management for doing so . the management there are obviously are unfit to run a business . fries are constantly underfilled . i can understand a company trying to manage their product but this location is extremely cheap . if the owners of this location are that strapped for cash maybe opening up a store was a bad idea because it shows big time in the service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst service i have ever experienced . anywhere . i ca n't believe mcdonalds would allow this store to be this bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to get a chocolate shake with whipped cream in the drive thru , and it was like a chocolate slushy . i asked the kid if it was supposed to be a milkshake and he said they were having probs with their machine . then dont serve shakes of the machine isnt working ! i called when i got home and spoke to the manager who just said `` sorry '' ... i wo n't be going there again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when this mcdonalds opened it was a great place to go for any meal . over the years it has been in a steady decline . they are slow , disorganized , understaffed and quite frankly the owner doesnt care how you feel about his mcdonalds . food is often cold , undercooked and stale . my hope is they will figure out how to run a restaurant before it has to shut their doors . waited 45 min in line at 9:30 and the person taking money was the only person there to take orders and cook to . oh their was the guy doing dishes . two people for all the cars in line waiting", "score": "1"}
{"review": "zero stars . worst service ever . cash only ? another reason not to eat here . horrible attitude from staff who could care less about good service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've never had any problems . they do get busy , but it 's a fast food restaurant , so maybe my expectations are low , but i really have never had anything to complain about . i saw all the one and two star reviews so i thought it would be nice for them to know it 's not that bad . the employees appear to be hard workers and have always been kind to me and served me with a smile . at the end of the day , give it a chance , it is n't that horrible !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to this mcdonalds many times and not once have i had a positive experience . it 's right next to our house and i refuse to give them any more of our money or time . i have never sat in a drive through that does n't have a pretty constant flow ... this location just does n't move , ever ! i thought it was just because it was new when it first opened but it 's been over a year and not one thing has changed . go the extra mile to go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the last 4 times here they have screwed up my order . they have never given me sauces with my nuggets even though i ask and they confirm what i want . last night we ordered 5 mcdouble 's and 4 of them were wrong ... and 2 of them were n't `` custom '' sandwiches .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bunch of morons working here . drive thru order with a sausage and cheese biscuit . after 4 attempts trying to make this guy understand we do n't want egg on it , do n't want bacon on it , they make us park and wait . food comes out cold and no ketchup . oh and the biscuit still had egg ! ! why did we agree to increase the minimum wage for people who ca n't even do their jobs correctly ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my first post to yelp . it has taken a lot for me to actually do this as i my self am in customer service . this mcdonalds is horrible . it is filthy ! i drive a lifted vehicle and you can see the floors and counters while i 'm in the drive through , atrocious . i travel a lot and see a lot of drive throughs and this is bad . they 're constantly out of supplies ( coffe , soda , ketchup ) . i am currently sitting at a booth that half of the cushions are missing , no sign , tape or anything warning someone not to sit there . because of convenience i try it once a month but i will drive the extra distance to another one . please , someone raise the standards . omg . i just checked my order . took them 3 times to get it right ... ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my son and i usually come once a week to get breakfast here . we come between 6:30 and 7 . today was the third time waiting in the drive-thru for 15 to 20 minutes just to get a breakfast sandwich and an iced coffee . we will not be able to come for breakfast anymore with waits this long.my one star is for the two gentlemen that work the register and give the food they 're always very professional and pleasant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "all i can ask is that my cheese on my sandwiches get cooked or melted whichever one pertains to the company . i 'm a little tired of receiving food this way .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst drive thru ever ! ! ! ! have n't moved in 15 minutes ! ! c'mon ! really ? ! ? ! ? get it together !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered cinnamelts and the sticker on the box said best by 10 24- 4 days prior to me ordering them . i had gone through the drive thru and did n't realize it until i had arrived at work . so i tried calling the location and the phone rang and rang . i called several times and no one answered . i finally called customer service and they had to get in touch with the manager for me . i got a phone call from a very rude manager . as i expressed my concern that the product i recieved had expired several days ago , she did n't seem to care and cut me off telling me to come in and get my money back . i do n't care about $ 2.50 , i care about people eating nasty , expired food . there is obvious neglect and poor food handling and food saftey . i will never eat at mcdonalds again . ( probably for the best ) .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst run mcdonald 's in history . all i wanted was one diet coke . i pull up to the drive thru and i 'm the only customer . i then wait seven minutes for someone to take my order , no one ever comes . so i decided i 'm finally done with this location and go to leave . turns out there is one person at the second window still waiting for their food . i then wait another 13 minutes for them to get their food . i ca n't imagine how long they waited . i still bet they got half their food order as is the normality here all in all , i waited 20 minutes to get a diet coke and did n't even accomplish that . the manager , employees , and mcdonald 's itself should fire and replace the entire staff . will never be here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sad but true that i am the duchess of this location and it 's mcds , but in my neighborhood there are n't many choices . my kid and i like their breakfast , drinks , and ice cream ( healthier mcd options ) it does n't matter what time of day i come to this location , they are soooooo sssslllllloooooowwwwwww ! especially the morning times . i 'm wtiting this review while waiting on 2 hash browns , and i ordered 10minutes ago and am still the 3rd car in . they never have enough help and move so slow , 14 min total in the drive thru is ridiculous . but i keep coming back and so does the rest neighborhood because they are so busy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst place ever ! ! ! the little punks working here do n't give a shit and food is terrible ! ! there service sucks and they messed up our order twice ! ! they stare at you like they 're lost and do n't know what 's going on ! ! do not go there ! ! this is why we do n't ever eat this nasty shit ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i enter mcdonald 's and the smell of fake meat was in the air . as a regular human i enter the restroom to wash my hands before a meal , as i enter the restroom a saw a sign that said `` out of order . '' i ordered a cheeseburger and the waitress brings out a chicken head ! what am i supposed to do with a chicken head ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when you go to this place expect that 75 % of your order will be wrong . screw ups in the last 2 weeks sausage mcmuffin with egg and cheese - did not put sausage on double cheeseburger - missing 1 of the 2 patties coke zero - received diet coke numerous missing items -breakfast burrito , fries and kids toy repeatedly does not provide napkins how can you be this bad ? ? ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unbelievably awful . forgot half my order and when i called to get a refund , the wonderful manager hung up on me . this is like the 5th time they have messed up my order . do n't waste your time here . go anywhere else and it would be better than mcdonalds .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst mcdonalds ever , if i could give zero i would . super slow and irresponsible workers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "union is a great shop for coffee and espresso supplies . their staff is n't always attentive so it helps if you know what you need prior to arriving . i regularly buy cafiza rinza dezcal at union and they also have accessories like tampers , pitchers , etc . i also bought a set of burrs here in an emergency and they were quite accommodating . they have a nice selection of machines as well as glassware including acme cups . i have n't tried their beans but from what i gather , they are fairly similar to what you 'd get from caffe italia .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the jupiter espresso bar blend here is quite nice , especially at $ 10 a pound . coffee served can be excellent , but a bit hit or miss . i like to stop by here and oogle the machines . nice selection of cleaning agents , accessories , etc . they service machines , too . rating scale : 1 star : avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe . 2 star : with so many great places to choose from , why risk this one ? 3 star : i 'll try it again or consume here in a pinch . 4 star : i go here regularly if financially and or calorically feasible . 5 star : i look forward to taking my wife or friends here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a good experience at this office . they got me in and out in about an hour and a half . i needed to apply for my social security benefits and medicare , having turned 65 , and i was away from my hometown of san diego . i had tried to do it online but was told i did n't qualify for that method . i tried to do it by phone and that did n't work either , so i justwent to this office which was only about a mile from where i was staying i only had about a 15 minute wait when i got there , even with no appointment . an hour and a half after i walked in the door i walked out fully qualified for social security and medicare . what more could you ask for ? very efficient .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the security officer at the entrance of the mesa office was extremely helpful . he was very nice and friendly . even though he told us that we had to go to a different location in phoenix for what we needed to do , it was very pleasant to be greeted by such a nice gentlemen . i had to post because he deserves some recognition .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the security guards are nice but i think they 've forgotten that they are n't cops . numbers were being called smoothly up until getting 2 numbers away from my moms number which began with b . now everything has been stalled while they stick to calling only numbers that begin with f. we 've waited for over an hour and continue to wait . by , that 's usually what you have to expect when handling business at any government office .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i called and was on hold for 45 minutes and then was told that i would be able to do a name change at that location . upon arriving , they told me they do n't do marriage name changes and that i would need to drive an hour to the location on tatum ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i received terrible service every time i went there they 're just not very nice . they were rude and unpleasant . i live in mesa but will be going all the way to the tatum office because of the way i was treated", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was very surprised . i was in and out in 20 mins . 1 . i took as little into the building as possible ; wallet and paper work 2 . i brought everything i thought i needed so we would not waste time 3 . the person that helped me was fast , and to the point i got what i needed and left !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible security process run by disrespectful guards . amazing that this place has limited hours as there was a line out the door prior to the office opening . such a bad experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is not for the lady that helped me she was great it 's for the security guard who helped some others locate their problem but not me . when i got there he asked me what i was therefore i told him and he told me to get a number . what he did n't tell me that they ca n't offer me service . on top of that he was kind a rude to people 's children i understand there are safety concerns but that does n't mean you need to be rude , they 're kids .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fyi ... this location does n't accept or have any applications . they have a huge sign outside ( i forgot to take a picture ) redirecting you to two other locations : 16241 tatum blvd , phoenix , az . 85032 2637 n. 16th st. , phoenix , az . 85007 i hope this saves you gas because it cost me another trip to the circle k .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have lived at avalon for 4 months and i absolutely love it . if you want to live in a safe neighborhood , have great property management and maintenance , all at an affordable rate this is the place ! angie was our salesperson and she was phenomenal . allison is the manager and she is great to work with , very nice , and is passionate about her job . ive had a couple issues with things in my apartment but they were all addressed and fixed with 1 day . highly recommend these guys ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "avalon used to be the best place to live for my wife and i. then `` stout management co '' headed by debrah stout and dm heidi ... took over , what a disaster . you do not want to live here . they do not take care of the property , have no clue on how to manage . the place looks awful , unkept and in need of repair . the manager is clueless and they do not care about the residents its all about money . we are moving tomorrow .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is partly in response to some of the other reviews i have read , but is also purely based on my experience living at avalon for the past 3 weeks . first and foremost , i was in a huge rush to get moved and the office manager moved mountains for me to be able to move in by the first of august . after i moved in , it was clear that something was wrong with the ac . i have to say that the women that run the office and the maintenance crew were working insanely hard trying to diagnose and fix the problem . two different hvac company 's were even called out to work on it . it took a couple of weeks to fully fix the ac in the apartment ( i now have a brand new ac unit for the apartment ) but everyone here took my complaints seriously and worked to make sure that everything was fixed and that my pups and i had a safe and comfortable place to live . i am very happy to call this community `` home '' .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "huge cockroach problem in the apartments and in the pool area . disgusting . and they take weeks to have an exterminator come by which does a mediocre job .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this condominium complex recently underwent new management and i can thoroughly say that they have driven this place downhill . the amenities ( pool , fitness room , etc . ) are never maintained and much of the equipment is dirty or damaged , and there is constantly an aroma of weed smoke that permeates through the vents . not to mention the ladies running the office are completely incompetent and clueless . these condos apartments are in a good location but do n't be fooled . i would strongly recommend renting elsewhere !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am absolutely please with living here . if i are kind to them they will bend over backwards for you ! my faucet in my sink was too shallow to do dishes and bam two days later i had a brand new faucet paid by them . dryer was n't up to par . boom that day brand new dryer . allergic to bees . same day they had an extinguisher . not to mention my 1 bedroom rent was the absurd cheapest in the 5 mile radius . quiet too ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the avalon at seven hills community ! : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "latasha and her team are great . they really care about the tenants and are responsive to their needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have lived here for almost a year and i have to say that mark in the front office is very good at making sure that any work order i put in is done very quickly . no matter how busy he is , he always is professional and friendly and reassures me that it is never a problem or inconvenience to help me and it shows through his actions . alex is also very quick to respond to my requests , he is professional and friendly . i am very comfortable with alex being in my place to work on work orders when i am not there and have complete trust in him . i have lived in clark county a long time and no previous place that i have lived in has had such trustworthy and professional employees as mark and alex.it is because of them that i will continue to live at avalon . i hope they never leave !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "latasha has completely turned this place around ! her attention to detail and dedication to her job have made avalon a better place to live ! rachel is absolutely amazing as well ! these ladies along w the rest of the staff ( anthony is awesome for maintenance ) go above and beyond to please their residents . i have never felt more taken care of dealt with a more professional leasing office . thank you guys for all that you do ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm changing my review because allison , maintenance staff , and new management company have been on top of their game after taking over about a year ago . we moved in 3 years ago and the previous person told it was an older property but luxury . that was certainly not the case and we moved in with a ton of problems that never got fixed . however , the new company and people working for them are amazing . they want to hear about the problems and get them fixed in a timely manner . they are even willing to upgrade our apartment for not much more than we pay now ! i think the complex now since getting rid of the riff raff , cleaning up the area , and upgrading our much needed apartments is such a blessing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "latasha is the only person i have ever met who actually cares about each and every tenant.if it was n't for her i would no longer be living here.the way she conducts business and deals with problems is amazing.i hope pinnacle realizes the diamond they have.spoke with 5 or 6 different people and they all say the same.thank you latasha ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have lived here for some time now , the complex is clean , quiet , and very nice . if we ever have a problem , maintenance is very quick to come and fix any problems , everyone in the leasing office is extremely welcoming and friendly ! very nice area too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my , mom lives here and if i was to live in an apartment to these are the apartments that i would live in the apartments are very spacious the rooms are big and i love the landscaping in the pool area", "score": "5"}
{"review": "please do not be fooled by their yelp pictures and the nice pool . i have been an owner here for 5 years now , pay 235 dollars a month in hoa , and they do n't do anything . they removed the lights above the grills and the other two lights only one works . stuff are missing from the gym . and they replaced most of the grass with pebble rocks . i have requested things to be fixed for the past 3 years but no one cares . stay away from these crooks . oh and the gate gets dysfunctional once every 3 months and they take forever to fix it . so it 's not really a `` gated community '' . also , there 's no one in the gaurd room they have in the front . it 's a sad joke", "score": "1"}
{"review": "from the first day i met with latasha i felt i was home among friends . i used to visit a friend who owns at avalon and fell in love with the complex and now i have my own gorgeous apartment , latasha made sure to paint the walls the color i wanted , new carpet and laminate flooring , new appliances `` which jay put them in and made sure they r working properly and that i loved them `` the staff make the whole difference in such a beautiful place , they r very friendly and always there when i need them . i 'm super satisfied . thank u guys for all u do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "location is fantastic- could n't ask for better- close to everything but quiet and nice views . gated and secure . office was remodeled , and it feels so clean and nice every time we visit ( which to be fair is only about once a month to pay rent ) . the ladies in the office always smile and great us , waive when they are running around on their little cart . rarely do i have a maintenance issue but if i do , they address it , and then call to make sure it was done correctly and timely . pool has all new furniture . the only thing i would like to see improved is the club house- carpets are stained , its dated , and it has funky smell .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a pleasure to work with the office manager natasha and her team . we had a minor issue in the unit and after speaking with natasha it was resolved the next day . she is absolutely an asset to pinnacle management . great place to live .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've lived here at avalon for just under a year and i have absolutely loved it ! allison and angie in the management office have been so wonderful and helpful . everything i have ever needed help with , they have been on it ! the apartments are clean and freshly painted and the landscaping is always well maintained . it 's a quiet neighborhood and the view is great ! these are definitely worth a look if you are looking for a place to rent in henderson .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adam and his staff do a great job . i take both of my hondas to asiaworks and get excellent service . i recommend these mechanics .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time i walk in they are always nice and so willing to help . i would be lost without them . i abousetly hate computer problems but they always make my frustration with my computer problem so much easier . they always get my computer up and running like new . thank you for your patience and time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super helpful , gave great advice for different options regarding my computer problem . they didnt try to just upsell for profit . they are a vey friendly staff ! i will definitely go back if needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not express my gratitude to gordon and his team at byts . our laptop was thrown on the ground by a toddler and the hard drive crashed . the data was not backed up even though the laptop contained irreplaceable files . gordon retrieved 99.9 % of the data and repaired the laptop for a pittance ( in my opinion ) . he did this with grace and kindness and professionalism . you are going to the right place when you go to this company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gordon flanary at byts is an honest , hard working and fair business man . i continue to be impressed with the service i have received at byts . gordon assisted me in cleaning up my laptop , and then later recommending a new computer , followed by transferring all data and setting it up . this week he spent a day remotely cleaning up a virus on my computer working around my schedule . his prices are reasonable and the work outstanding ! i highly recommend gordon at byts !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i heard about byts from a friend who was very satisfied . i 'm so glad i went there . i brought in my desktop as it was on its last legs but i wanted them to check it out . hard drive was going and it would n't have been worth saving . i had brought my laptop in and they copied everything over and made sure all was okay . i am so happy with their knowledge , friendliness and how fast they got it back to me . i had a question a couple days after and brought in laptop and they installed a new software for me to open some old saved emails which were not supported by outlook with no charge , as well as answer a couple questions for me . i will definitely go back anytime i need to . thank you nem !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wireless stopped working completely . this has been an ongoing battle to keep the connection . i 've had others look at it but they could n't figure out the problem . i arranged for a home visit and he was right on time ( and that is usually rare with home services ) . he was polite , listened to my lengthy non-technical story and fixed it . they 're were also a few quirky things going on with my pc that he fixed . everything was fixed in less than an hour . charges were extremely reasonable . ive paid a lot more when i had to bring the pc in at other companies . i was very happy with the entire experience . i highly recommend if you want service done fast and right the first time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just took my laptop in because i could n't print from it ... these guys had it working like new when i got it back ! they made sure i had no underlying issues such as viruses or malware . they are very friendly and worked quickly to get me back on track and the cost was very fair ! i will be returning if i have any future computer problems ! thank you byts", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . gordon and his crew are very knowledgeable and definitely know their business . they are friendly and pleasant to deal with . i bought my refurbished computer from them and it works beautifully . they have cleaned my computer a couple of times when i somehow got several viruses . i recommend the highly . i will not go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently had a fan go out on my hp pc . they asked my why i chose their place for the repair . i told them first and foremost they answered the phone ! i called a couple of other places closer to my home and neither returned my call . ( also , the reviews on yelp were outstanding . ) they let me know that it would take a few days for the part to arrive and the estimate was right on . i would definitely use their services again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after injuring myself ( once again ) during training , i knew i had very little time to start healing before it began to impact my schedule . after calling paul , he was able to fit me in within two days and start treatment immediately . the staff at premium health solutions are very attentive and have been able to put up with anything i throw their way over the last two years from a broken wrist , bad back , to itbs . the massages i have received have been the best i have ever had , she has always been able to relieve the tension needed in spots i did n't even know i needed it . the accommodation paul and his staff provide are unlike any other clinics i have ever gone to , always willing to fit you in at a time that works for your schedule . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my second review for premium health solutions . i would like to emphasize that i am still very happy with the service they provide . the treatments are hands on , which i find more effective than machines . the treatments have brought me pain relief and reversing the years of damage that i have caused on my back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could barely walk nor could i sit very long due to my bad back . my friend referred me to see paul and after connecting with him trying to get a last minute appointment , he was very accommodating and did his best to fit me in right away . he is a great physiotherapist ; very knowledgeable and affable . his clinic also offers a range of services including massage therapy and orthotics . i have also booked a couple of massages there and sharon , his massage therapist , works wonders on the body . she 's very gracious and is sensitive to your requests . overall , i highly recommend this place for the friendly and knowledgeable staff , and great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after going to several physio clinics over the years with no success i finally found a home . i have bad knees and shoulders and according to the staff i should n't be able to walk upright lol . but with sessions from the staff i 've already gotten back into all the sports i was used to playing before life took its toll on me . paul ( owner and therapist ) is a truly caring individual and does his best to accommodate your schedule . the rmt 's are also magnificent and i definitely recommend throwing in a massage session as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the gas here is expensive , but it 's conveniently located on shea and scottsdale rd ... .so i frequently fill up here . the lanes are average sized and when it gets busy , kind of tight . there 's a convenience store available if you need a quick snack or drink . return factor - 60 %", "score": "3"}
{"review": "on the yelp app , there is an offer for a free espresso drink if you check in . however , when i showed it to the preveyor , they said it was an old offer and no longer available . seems like false advertising , but whatever . i still asked them for a latte as i really wanted a coffee , and was told that they had finished cleaning the machine and are n't serving any more espresso drinks for the day . it was 6:10 maybe , and they 're supposed to be open until 7 ! in the end . i walked over to dark horse on spadina to get my caffeine fix . yelp should have a talk with them about not honouring their check in coupon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best mocha late\u00e9 in city hands down . made with natural belgian chocolate cube hand blended then steamed milk mixed . to die for ! ! food is great too i ca n't leave this place without getting combo . do n't miss out and go to starbucks not same feel or taste ! 2017 will be great for your establishment i can feel it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been going here a few times already despite its lackluster looks . but go here for the coffee ! i 'm admit-ably a pilot fan but here is a really good alternative . superb espressos . the latte is strong but still milky at the same time . really enjoyable without adding anything else to it . and so cheap for really well made drinks . highly recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the have excellent ice latte and the owners are very friendly and nice . this small cafe is cozy and lovely", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this a great little corner shop with great coffee , pre-made sandwiches and some nice background music too . friendly staff and relaxed atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome training centre . great staff . fantastic trainers . unique environment . amazing heathy post-workout refuelling ! i go 3-4x a week and am challenged each time ! love it there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the training here ! nutritional counselling is so helpful . see adriano if you need help getting over that hump . best choice i have made in a long time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "before i came to kx , i was making too many mistakes with regards to fitness and nutrition . after spending approximately 4 months with the kx team , i was given the tools and knowledge to allow me to lead a completely healthier lifestyle . i went from weighing 207lbs , having 19 % body fat and being completely unhappy with my body , to 192lbs,12 % body fat and loving life . the team provides the proper guidance that allows you train in the most optimal way , as well as tells you what changes need to made in your eating habits to help you attain your fitness goals . if you 're unsatisfied or have plateaued with your current training regimen , i strongly suggest visiting the kx team .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for the free consultation today~my overall experience is amazing~the staff here r so nice~although this place is small compare to other gym but it 's understandable since they only do personal training here~adriano checked out my health assessment and did a bodily movement check up~made a few points that i should improve on and it was generally a great time~he is knowledgeable~although he did talk about taking supplement vitamins and things like that~but he is not really pushy about it . if u r someone who is really looking to change not only your body but your whole life style~this is the place you need to come~they teach you so much here~and i m looking forward to start my training here~ the pricing here is in normal range just like everywhere else of the gym~1hr session can range from 85-100 $ depend on the type of program u purchase~they also do student discount~yay~i m so happy i have found this place~ca n't wait to update my progress", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really great focus on overall health not just training . staff will first guide you through the biggest challenge to most of us - nutrition , before you begin your training . you are really set up to succeed and get the most out of your time and effort . i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hidden gem in the heart of yorkville ! amazing friendly staff , clean & unique environment ! i 've been working out at kx for 6 months now and have seen real results . being able to workout and do my everyday shopping thanks to there 100 % organic boutique store is a huge asset . from un pasteurized nuts , game meats , to natural deodorant , loition , and tooth paste kx has it all . if your looking to take your health and wellness to the next level i would highly recommend checking this place out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adriano and team are the best personal trainers in yorkville . the gym is amazing and in a great location . worth checking out if you are in toronto .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having gone the route of weight training , with the mentoring of friends at some of the big chain gyms , i was not getting the results i had hoped for . finding kx , initially because of its convenient location , i found exactly what i needed . not only am i doing exercises properly now , the staff at kx have also helped me to tailor a diet that suits my goals as well as supply supplements that fit my needs . my experience at kx has been great ! i would highly recommend this to anyone looking to make the most of their workout experience ... and the most of the small amount of time most of us have to workout .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this gym . i 've been to many trainers and adriano is the most knowledgeable by far . i love the results that i get at kx both from the training and the nutritional counseling . would highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fresh seafood . fresh oysters . choose your own fish ! this place has this way cost fish vibe to it . the guy who helped yes looks straight out of hipster halifax . but this place is serious about seafood . they have these oysters that i ca n't say i 've tried before from east coast . the seafood chowder is delicious but it does n't have the creamy texture , so great though . the best thing i ate ? the fish sandwich . seems they switch out the fish depending on what i guess is fresh . this time , haddock . super moist , flaky , and absolutely the most delicious fish sandwich i 've had . what else can you get here , if you just want fresh fish to make at home , you can get it here as well . a person came in looking for snapper and had a dish in mind . staff here asked , well tell me about this dish and then came up with recommendations based on the dish . he was super nice . would come back here just to get that sandwich !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "another great addition to the junction ! the chowder is out of this world - creamy , yet light full of plump pieces of mussels , shrimp and clams . i could have had two bowls of the stuff . for lunch , we also ordered 2 of their classics : the fish sandwich and the okonomoyaki . i thought the the fish sandwich was fresh and good , but not memorable . the okonomoyaki on the other hand was so good . i 've had okonomoyaki in japan , but this one might actually surpass all of my prior okonomoyaki experiences ! a must try . the restaurant itself is small , warm and cozy . we went on a chilly but sunny fall day , and it was so nice to sit by the windows with the sunlight streaming . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a delight ... . i had some awesome clam chowder here on a cold , snowy day . i also had some of their freshly baked bread that was delicious . more than that , the service was excellent . it is clear that those who serve you here care a lot about fresh seafood and customer service . the place is first class all the way ! they have tables where you can sit and eat , as well as two separate cases-one for shellfish and the other for fresh fish . oysters are available for 2.50 each shucked and ready for your party , or if you want to tackle them yourself , they are 1.25 each . i mention this because i heard a rumour that the owner operator here won some big international oyster shucking competition . big time stuff for the junction !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lovely spot in the junction area . delicious chowder - had the freshest mussel and clams i 've ever tried in a chowder . okonomokiyaki was ok and felt a little too rich greasy . definitely will go back and try their other seafood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly the best clam chowder i have ever had . also , the best okonomiyaki i have ever tasted . and when i asked for eel ? they gave me a delicious pickled eel . my god this is my new favourite place in town . have already recommended it to many friends and i will continue to do so till i die . also quite a friendly staff working there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first of all this place does n't take reservations . when we arrived the server ensured us that we were next in line . however i saw three other parties seated before us . they were visibly confused when it came to seating their customers . in their defense it was mothers day and i 'm sure they were n't ready for the volume . we started off by ordering their sodas ( lychee and guava ) . it was refreshing . oysters arrived shortly after ( 2 kinds from bc and 2 kinds from nb ) . the ones from bc were some of the best i 've ever had . the shuck was n't the greatest - it was n't properly detached and shards from the shell were inside . the clam chowder was just ok . i found it too runny for my liking . the okonomiyaki was excellent . it delivered on all fronts . the seared garlic shrimp on the other hand was void of all flavor . the pick yer fish was nothing special . i would go back for the oysters and okonomiyaki . but only if it 's not busy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "john is doing excellent things here . toronto 's lucky to have him spend some time here with us . the gypsy of the water protein world , john 's time in toronto will probably not be long , but if you 're reading this review , you should take advantage of it now . just go there and be wowed by yourself . do n't hold back and just ask john what you should and should n't be eating . he 's honest to a flaw . be ok with the fact that you 're going to wait for a table .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing lunch . had the oysters and okonomiyaki , they were both delicious . this place is a welcome addition to the junction . i ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "where do i start ... . the food was spectacular . so much butter . so much nomz . simple , fresh food with great flavours . we went for the prawns ( the highlight of the meal ) , squid on an addictive romesco sauce , the clams which i could have done without and the white fish that was seated to perfection . the juices and sodas are also a must try ? the service and ambience really made the lunch perfect . so lovely to chat with waiters and chefs who are n't pretentious and just wan na give you a good time . this place is a must try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just shopped at honest weight . bought halibut , which was filet as i ordered . super price . same amount at regular supermarket costs quite higher . but the highlight of my visit was the smoked salmon in house cured . i know my smoked salmon - and this is the smoked salmon of smoked salmon . absolutely fantastic ! will be a regular customer . hope to have lunch there soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love that they stock a lot of environmentally responsible seafood -- including ontario shrimp ( grown , i believe , on a disused pig farm ) ! and i like that the selection of fish ( and the fish of the day ) changes depending on availability . i can not comment on it as a fish market , except to say that i 've seen types of fish for sale there that i 've never seen anywhere else and that the fish in their cooked food tastes very fresh . i love the okonomiyaki here , and i 'm asian . i think about it more times than i 'd like to mention . seriously , you want to get it . be aware that portions are a little small ; me and my fella usually split 3-4 things between us , though he is a pretty big eater . also , they have a reputation for treating their staff well ( compared to other restaurants ) , if you care about that sort of thing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "owner is extremely nice and helpful ! we opted for the $ 50 grilled whole fish and it comes with deliciously potatoes and well seasoned green beans . it was an interesting shop as you can pick the exact fish you want and have it cooked for you . food took a while to come , however , even though there are only three tables of diners . if you are a fish and seafood lover you would enjoy this unpretentious , delightful restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's in a little bit of a shady neighborhood but the restaurant is so cute and service is nice and the food is good so worth it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "walked in on a thursday night around 8pm . it 's a cozy restaurant and we did n't wait too long to be seated . the waitress was n't the friendliest . she did n't walk us to our table and just pointed to the table and watched us hang our coats . the owner who was also serving at the time was much more attentive and talked about the menu ( she was serving the table next to us ) . she noticed our drinks needed to be refilled and did so whereas our waitress was doing god knows what . so service is a tad inconsistent . tables are very close so it 's easy to hear the conversations next to us . the food was good - we ordered a dozen oysters , seared scallops , mussels and the albacore tataki . serving sizes are small so i would suggest 4-5 dishes for two people .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is cozy and unique fish shop restaurant . the space is relatively small only about 5-6 small tables , but it has a great selection of very fresh seafood , and very knowledgeable server . we had the most amazing fresh oysters and `` pick yer fish '' . i picked porgy , which is a whole fish , but you can pick any fish they have on display ( even the large trout whole fish , but that one is by weight and it 's $ 35 lb ) . the fish was well cooked , with a delicious side of hashed potato and pan seared rapini . over all , great experience , will be back again soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favourite places in the city for fish . no-nonsense , fresh , tasty , and great value . we ordered the japanese style pancake , steamed mussels , and whole steelhead and were not disappointed . my only complaint is that they 're located so far out of the way .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we buy our seafood here regularly , and the restaurant just brings their fresh seafood flavours to life even more . i 've brought my wife & family here , and refer others here as well . best in the city ! they also have ontario shrimp . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "disappointing lunch here . limited choice at the high end price wise for what you got . e , g , small bowl of thin and unremarkable chowder . seating mildly uncomfortable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really yummy meal but i deducted a star because 1 ) it 's overpriced and 2 ) although the service was efficient , there was no warmth at all , which to me did n't fit with the whole neighbourhood-y idea and fun music of the place . will give it another go to see if they were having an off day . as for the prices ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "disappointing but has potential . overpriced for the quality of food , portions and service particularly the subpar wine for 12 a glass . not making me want to come back . the bread is wonderful so maybe stick to the sandwich if you go ? with some changes could be good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was the most satisfying meal i 've had in a long time in toronto ! we went after a long sunny day in high park . i had seafood chowder and a fish sandwich and my partner had bouillabaisse . the bun was perfect for the sandwich- soft and chewy w great aioli , fresh good quality lettuce and the fish for that day was rockfish . it would be more than sufficient for lunch . with rich chowder it made a perfect dinner . the bouillabaisse was flavourful and rich with a huge variety of shellfish and fish . as a nice touch , the bluefish in the bouillabaisse was pan fried crispy ( in a tiny bit of cornmeal maybe ? ) before it was placed in the soup . service was excellent and music and environment was great . my only very minor sticking point was that the tables are pretty long , which felt pretty formal at first , but as food came it was good to have the space . will definitely be going back frequently .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an exceptional place . fresh fish done to perfection in a casual chill atmosphere . john the owner and heather the hostess barkeep are friendly and knowledgeable . local beers , ciders and wines . a very memorable meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing seafood ! very fresh , great service and atmosphere . my chowder was great with lots of clams . the scallops were done to perfection . the okonomiyaki was unusual and my first time ever having this japanese dish . the fish stew was excellent in a light tomato broth with lots of mussels .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quaint little seafood shop that sells both fresh and prepared seafood . we came here and tried the chowder ( $ 9 ) and the okonomiyaki ( $ 13 ) , along with the complimentary bread . the chowder was simply amazing . i was skeptical at first because $ 9 for a chowder is a bit much considering the portion size , but the generous amount of whole clams and mussels in the chowder changed my mind . the chowder is also very rich in flavour and not too heavy with cream . the okonomiyaki was good too , but personally i ca n't eat too much okonomiyaki without feeling a bit sick after , so splitting this with a friend was just perfect . there was chunks of fish in the okonomiyaki and a roll of smoked salmon on top , so if you 're not much of a shell fish lover i would recommend this dish .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this a a real seafood restaurant . i loved jons restaurant in pei and was glad that he landed in the junction . very fresh and simply prepared seafood . scallops are excellent , and really any other fish that is there . great fish cakes and chowder . also very nice oysters although could use a few more accompanying sauces . good beers on tap but a very limited wine list . staff is very friendly and knows seafood very well . always enjoy coming here although it 's not always easy to get a seat . lastly , the place is not cheap by any measure , but the quality of seafood is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really enjoyed our experience here . our party of 4 arrived at 6:30 on a saturday and were seated right away . since it 's such a small spot and they do n't take reservations , getting here early was a wise decision . it 's a really cute , no-frills space and all the fish and seafood were dynamite . for apps we ordered delicious seared tuna , fried soft shell crab ( totally addictive ) , smoked clams mussels in a beautiful broth and quality bread with olive oil . for mains we all opted for the `` pick yer fish '' ( $ 28 ) ... i believe there was a good 8 choices or so . all were prepared perfectly ! for dessert i tried a maple syrup cakey pudding thing that was also delightful . fish and seafood lovers , get your butts over here pronto .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went on a tuesday , and they were out of most of their fresh fish so options were limited . the owner server was super apologetic and friendly , and made recommendations for us . the clam chowder was super creamy ( pretty much all cream , if you 're into that ) . the steamed seafood was amazing , especially with the bacon infused broth . they also have local beer from junction brewery down the road which paired decently with the seafood . the oysters were also fresh and reasonably priced . would definitely go again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had 10 people for my wife 's surprise birthday party on saturday , august 1st . john and the honest weight team totally blew it out of the water . atmosphere , table settings , beer options , service and every course , including oysters , clam chowder , mussels , whole ocean trout and curry shrimp , to name some of the highlights , exceeded all expectations . my wife is a tough one to impress and she 's still raving this morning . if your want the best and freshest seafood in toronto , run do n't walk to honest weight ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quite expensive for the portion sizes but quite good and well executed as well . the service staff is nice and the chief often comes to bring food and discuss about it with customers . the canadian-adapted okonomiyaki ( less flour , less okonomiyaki sauce , less mayo , more onions , plus fried bacon and salmon ) is interesting and surprisingly very good ! seafood is always perfectly cooked , melting and tasty . as it is closed on mondays , i guess the best days to go there are more tuesdays and the following days for more maximum of choices for fish and seafood , rather than on sundays .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "small cozy restaurant with high quality foods . we ordered 6 pieces of oysters only but had them from 3 countries !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what an absolute delight honest weight is . laid back and unpretentious with some of the best service and food you 'll find in toronto right now . attentive and smart servers ; clean , fresh flavours . a tight selection of delicious local beers and wines . run , do n't walk , here . and buy some fresh seafood to take home for tomorrow 's dinner . ( i have to edit my review as of 2017 , because the beer selection at honest weight has gone down greatly . they used to offer a selection of local junction beers but lately it is only garbage ace hill and maybe one useless junction craft brewing selection on tap . with so many places opening nearby making tremendous beers - halo , rainhard , etc - i am not sure why ace hill ever makes it to a menu on the junction )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always amazing , always fresh . we 've been here for dinner and to shop the fish counter several times . our first experience there we were helped by the owner who was really nice and gave us a little white wine so we could cook our mussels at home ( we really need an lcbo in the junction ) . they have an amazing server there who is always in a spectacular mood and very helpful . great addition to the hood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this place . casual , small , great service and fantastic seafood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super cute and quaint place for a casual lunch . definitely want to go back for the japanese pancake my friend ordered , it looked amazing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i decided to try the fare at the the honest weight restaurant today and we were extremely pleased with everything we sampled ! we both had the fish sandwich which is the perfect portion size and the freshest and perfectly cooked fish of the day ! i had a bowl of their chowder and it was equally amazing . they start you off with a hearty slice each of rustic italian bread with olive oil ( better than butter imho ) and you have to save some of this wonderful bread to dip into your exquisite chowder-heavenly ! we will definitely be back to sample other dishes on the compact menu ! ! ! ! ! ! bob & joan", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so the food and the interior of the restaurant are really good . from the outside you would n't think this is a good restaurant but it is . so you may ask , why 3 stars ? well first i ca n't give 3.5 and in my opinion it does n't deserve 4 for 2 reasons : it is definitely seriously overpriced and the name fooled me into thinking it would have an honest price ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fantastic place . best clam chowder i have yet to eat . some of the nicest servers working there too . and such a neat assortment of fish for sale behind the glass . worth checking out even if you dont live in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give it 7 stars if i could ! the service is outstanding , a very casual , familiar vibe in a chic environment -- a very hard balance to achieve and they nailed it . everyone is very knowledgable about everything on the menu , from food to drinks , they nailed it . one of those places that you can say `` give me your favorite '' and you 'll leave delighted . some of the most memorable oysters i 've ever had , and definitely the best in toronto . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i definitely found my new eye doctor ! my visit was excellent from the time i called and booked the appointment until i was finished with my exam and checking out ! i 've never liked wearing contacts because i could never find the right contact that was comfortable or that could give the vision i wanted . dr. z explained all my options and went over what my insurance would cover ! she was so polite and understanding when i was discussing what i was having issues with ! the technicians and front desk were also very polite and in a good mood ! would recommend to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything went smoothly until i had an allergic reaction to my new contact rx . called into the office and was told to try different scenarios ie solution , rewetting drops . called back again and the dr wanted to charge me another $ 48 for an office visit to change a rx that was not working for me . not happy at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff at element eye care are amazing . they helped me find out my insurance info and the exam was extremely thorough ! ! a plus to dr z and her team . i will always come back to her ! thank you again for such a great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very updated office . had a wonderful nurse take care of me and hold my hand while i got a tooth pulled and could n't stop crying . people like that really make a difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. andrew kramer was amazing at making sure i was comfortable and extracting one of my back teeth . after i was numb and he came in the room to take care of it , it literally took him between 5-10 minutes , absolutely no pain or pressure , and i was done . i would highly recommend him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic group , from the desk to the nurses to the doctor to post op nurse . nice on the phone when i called with a silly question too . i am certain no one wants their wisdom teeth extracted , but if you need to , feel confident with the service here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "t'es dans le coin de rosemont-la-petite-patrie , t'es un peu en \u00e9tat et t'as envi d'une bouffe ? t'es venu au bon endroit ! ce n'est pas le meilleur d\u00e9li , mais c'est un des rares qui est encore ouvert 24h et o\u00f9 tu peux y trouver une bonne poutine , burger ou smoked meat dans le coin . ma partie pr\u00e9f\u00e9r\u00e9e ? les jukebox individuels qui sont tellement vieux qu'ils ont cess\u00e9 de jouer les tunes command\u00e9es . mais qui va se frustrer s'il d\u00e9pense 0,25 $ pour entre du roch voisine et qu'\u00e0 la place se fait jouer coeur de loup ? ! s\u00e9rieux . toutes les chansons font bonheur aux petites heures du matin ! bonne bouffe !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "c'est un d\u00e9li avec un menu impossible ( mets chinois am\u00e9ricain , met chinois , pates , snack ) et niveau kitsch sur\u00e9el . les points positifs ? bon cheeseburger bacon avec beaucoup de bacon . bonne rondelle d'oignon . service amicale de petites madames de 40-50 kek ann\u00e9es . client\u00e8le du coin qui vienne boire un caf\u00e9 en lisant leur journal de mourial ( montr\u00e9al ) en s'asseyant sur une banquette . que dis-je ? je pense que j'n'ai pas vu rien d'autre que des banquettes old school avec des vieux jukebox . ils gagnent une \u00e9toile en \u00e9tant toujours ouvert et en ayant des heures de livraison jusqu'\u00e0 5 heures du matin en commencant a 11h le matin . c'est pas le meilleur d\u00e9li en ville , mais dans le coin c'est le seul pis il n'est pas mal non plus .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "les autres avis sont \u00e0 mon avis , extr\u00eamement juste ! personnellement , je fr\u00e9quente l'endroit que de soir et ou nuit pour des commandes pour emporter . c'est le seul 24h00 du coin : le service est rapide , les dames sont tr\u00e8s gentilles , courtoises , accessibles ... la bouffe pour ce que c'est , est ma foi , tr\u00e8s satisfaisante ... dans mon top rosemont ; c'est un incontournable !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "d\u00e9li dans la moyenne ! frites congel\u00e9es , sauce \u00e0 poutine g\u00e9n\u00e9rique . pratique apr\u00e8s quelques verres en plein milieu de la nuit ! la livraison est rapide !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "un restaurant typique qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois qui serve toute genre de nourriture comme chinois , italien , grecque , etc . l'ambiance est bonne et tranquille et la pizza est bonne .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "restaurant sans grande pr\u00e9tentions avec de la nourriture bien correcte . j'ai pris le sp\u00e9cial smoked meat et c'\u00e9tait satisfaisant . ambiance tr\u00e8s relaxe avec des serveuses sympathique . c'est le look 1970 qui est int\u00e9ressant et qui me ferait revenir . les prix sont raisonnable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "buy 1 large get an identical one for free on selected drinks i do like this promotion . i just can not resist a bargain . i ended up of course on a sugar high after having just 1 lemon sour slushy . so i suggest bring a friend or get the 2nd one for a friend . the staff is meh , so do n't expect too much from them . this is not my favourite sharetea in the area but seems like they do have one of the best promo . i probably will be back if i am at first markham place . not worth coming if the plaza is crazily busy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "terrible . went twice , both times were a disappointment , not to mention that the customer service was terrible . taro milk tea tasted like purple water . green tea matcha latte tasted like green milk . do n't bother wasting your time and money on this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wo n't be going back here ever again . while i do really enjoy their black milk tea but their one employee really has the worst customer service in the world . she is always the cashier , first time i ordered and asked for a black milk tea , she says i do n't know what that is , what is it ? seriously , i do n't know how she did n't know what the heck that is . numerous times after that she always is either in a bad mood , rude when taking my order , giving attitude when i do n't understand what she 's saying and ask her to repeat , impatient when i correct a mistake she does while taking my order , her name is carmen , asian lady with black frame glasses . watch out for her . goodbye sharetea , there is way too many other bubble teas in markham for me to give my business to you with the staff who is always angry , upset , rude and rolls her eyes at me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "markham , color me impressed when there 's more bubble tea shops per block than a starbucks . after having dinner in the plaza , i mosied on over and ordered a hot taro milk tea , half sugar . sharetea was super popular that evening for high schoolers and youngins , thus hard to find any open seats . the gal at the register handed me my order with a warning , `` be careful , it 's really hot ! '' as i took my drink out , i heeded her words of caution -- only to find my drink barely lukewarm . while i did enjoy the fact that the taro did n't leave a chalky aftertaste ( usually a sign that it 's not fresh ) , i sipped a fourth of it before tossing it out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was just in the area and i wanted bubble tea after lunch . i happened to walk by sharetea and thought i would stop by . i walked to the store and noticed it was still close even though they were suppose to open at 12 ! and i was there at 12:20 . even another person tried to open the door and i had to tell them it was closed . so disappointed . anyway i ended up inside fmp and went to prestotea instead ! they never fail me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this certain location just completely ruins my image of sharetea . first of all , sharetea is my fave bubble tea chain but this place is just beyond horrible . i went in to order the most classic basic milk tea in a large . the server questioned me with a `` huh ? '' i was repeated myself in chinese and was hit with the same `` huh ? '' but in a higher tone . so finally they get to making the tea and finished with a regular ... . so i tell them that i ordered a large , but instead of remaking it they just poured it into a large cup and added some random ingredients in random portions . the server then went back to looking at her phone in the most not caring way once away . manager of this place , please do something about this ... ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here to pass the time while waiting to dine at one of the other restaurants in first markham place . my gf ordered 2 of special teas that day , i believe it was some sort of mango green tea with tapioca . it was n't a bad bubble tea by any times but it also did not stand out from other establishments either . there is free wifi at this location , you just have to ask one of the servers for the password . if i 'm craving bubble tea i would n't necessarily make this my first choice but if i have some time to pass at fmp then i may return .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i usually visit sharetea after my meal at akateppan because it 's right next door . i always get take out . so far , i 've tried the taro , strawberry slush ( with ice cream ) , passion fruit , and wintermelon lemon . i would say their quality is consistent and the service is pretty good . every time i go , i ask the cashier which one she likes the most and she makes a few suggestions and it pretty helpful . we never wait long for our drinks , which is great and we are generally pretty satisfied with the flavours , except , i think i would prefer wintermelon without the lemon , as it cancels out the wintermelon flavour , which i prefer . i 'll be returning if i 'm in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quiet and clean shop . decor was colourful and neat . perfect place to chill and grab a drink . not mention it 's advertised as taipei 's number 1 tea place . theres a huge selection of drinks and some quite unique to sharetea . you also get to choose the amount of sugar and ice in your drink . i suggest 30 % sugar and 0 ice to maximize taste and value . finally ice blends come with a scoop of ice cream !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place definitely got a lot more quiet since they opened . went there on a weekday night to get some work done , and there was no one else in here except my bff and i . they do n't even have any sort of music on , which made it a bit awkward for us to even talk as the store was dead silent . ordered a passionfruit green tea with no ice , no sugar and ice jelly . their `` no sugar '' definitely tastes like regular sugar at chatime , so i ca n't imagine what their regular sugar level is like . from what i remember before , their `` ice jelly '' was clear . i think person making my drink confused it with mixed jelly as that was what i got . i also remember seeing the menu before ordering that there were two types of jelly - `` ice jelly '' and `` rainbow jelly '' .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time here because we wanted to try a new bbt joint . nice and colourful walls . we ordered a matcha red bean ice blended , a kiwi fruit tea with ice jelly and a mango ice blended . all were a little sweeter than expected even with less sugar ( 30 or 50 % ) . the ice blended comes with an ice cream scoop on top and also only comes in large . one issue : the kiwi fruit tea did not taste like kiwi or tea so we decided to ask for an exchange . the hokkaido milk tea was our replacement and was a good switch . customer service was great in dealing with the situation . definitely our best experience with service at a bbt place . more so a 3.5 rating if craving bbt around the area , would come back to try different things .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i adore sharetea . this particular location , however , tarnishes their name . with all the other bubble tea choices in the markham area , i would avoid this location . honey milk oonlong is made with powder milk . there is no excuse to use powder milk . `` the dairy farmers of ontario ( dfo ) acknowledged this month that a growing glut of skim milk - what remains after making butter and cream - has led to periodic dumping . nearly a million litres have been thrown away since the end of may ( 2015 ) , just in ontario . '' just ask the dairy farmers to donate skim milk to your store . please save the sharetea franchise by changing the name to zharetea !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they currently have 50 % off selected drinks , so i could n't say no . also keep in mind that there 's about 5 other bubble tea shops inside the mall that are slightly cheaper than sharetea which is probably why this location has ongoing promos year-round . this was the first time i tried sharetea and it was quite good . i got the oreo milk tea and you could taste the tea . the tapioca pearls were cooked perfectly . to top it all off , the drink was 50 % off so i only paid about $ 3.50 with the tapioca . you can also collect vicinity points here but when u was there , they had to manually input your number to give you the points .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered the mango green milk tea with tapioca and it was surprisingly good ! i would order again but nothing really stands out about this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted to get some bbt after lunch at fmp and decided to give sharetea another try . the first time i came was when they first opened , and was n't very impressed with the wintermelon tea i got that time . currently , they have a special going on where if you buy one of their new drinks , then you get any other drink for half price . so i decided to get the black sesame milk tea with red bean toppings . it was pretty good , the red bean toppings complimented the black sesame milk tea very nicely . my friend got the mange ice blend for half price . i thought this drink was very good ; it was very refreshing . it would definitely be one of my go to drink for the summer time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is average in terms of taste . i think the price however is a little bit on the higher side . nothing wrong with their drinks or service but i would say with so many options around i would n't choose this as my first choice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "another bubble tea place . tried the large mango green tea with lychee jelly . cost just over $ 5 after tax . the flavour is really good . did n't like how some of the mango jelly were just cut up chunks which gave it a weird texture . i wished they had coconut jelly like at chatime .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sharetea holds a special place in my heart because there is a sharetea near my home in hong kong . seeing it near my home in markham brings back good vacation memories . the bubble tea is decent enough . to me it 's the same as presotea but with fancy decor . i ordered the original milk tea with taprioca and also matcha + red bean ( with taprioca too ) . the cups are quite large ! ! ! they have promotions every day , there 's a blackboard that tells you the day 's special . usually it 's 50 % off a selected number of teas . overall it 's ok ! i would return when i crave . the service is n't good though and there 's just two girls working even at busy hours . you can determine the sugar and ice level of your bubble tea order , and the nosy cashier claims that my `` no sugar '' tea will be absolutely disgusting .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service is painfully slow , waited 20 mins for one drink . on a saturday early afternoon . drinks are good otherwise . like any other sharetea . this one is one of the bigger and nicer ones .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's just okay . bubble teas are okay not very impressive . not many people come to this store", "score": "3"}
{"review": "no . just no . fruit jungle was closed so this was in the area and thought i would give it a try - big mistake . i got their taro milk tea . except there was no taro ... it was just ice and milk . do n't waste your time or money . no .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like the service in this store . the recipe of sharetea is my favorite and better than any other bubble tea .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not bad , had peach black tea with lychee and tapioca . it 's after 9pm and the bubbles are n't fresh tasting , not a good chew like ten tens or cha time , but like something you get at a fc . cafe is clean , modern trendy vibe , staff and friendly enough . would n't go out of my way to grab another tea but it 's great if you want a tea in this plaza", "score": "3"}
{"review": "note the 1 star was only given to post this review . terrible customer service . there were 2 people ahead of me in line and the store was not busy . two people were working behind the counter and i waited 25 minutes for an order of a black milk tea which was made incorrectly . i could n't deal with the headache of waiting again so i left the store with $ 5 less and a bubble tea i did n't enjoy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my drink was powdery ... which imo is a pretty significant problem for a bubble tea place . there are tii many other places to go for a drink for me to bother with this place again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "slowest service ever at this location.. i was there on this past monday evening around 830pm trying to order three drinks.. there was n't any lineup or anything except for one customer in front of me whom ordered two drinks only . the cashier that took my order was n't friendly nor did she wanted to be there . all she wanted to do was reply text and play with her phone ... which resulted to a 30 min minimum wait for my three cups.. even with the slow ordering process the cashier could have helped with the packing and distributing the completed drinks instead of playing with her phone . i asked her for a bag and she wasnt that happy when i interrupted her to ask her that while she was on the phone", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went over after lunch to check out their bubble tea as it 's fairly new but was n't impressed . they claimed to be taipei 's no . 1 but i 'm doubtful . the options for non-milk brewed tea is limited , only 5 . we had the wintermelon and oolong green tea . both tasted just ok , had better elsewhere . the pearls in my oolong green tea had some that were stuck together and make sucking them up harder . another friend had a mango green tea and it was pretty standard too . shop wise , it 's spacious with high tables and chairs . there 's a colourful wall to brighten the place up . service is fast but not very friendly . best thing about this place is you can choose your topping .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just finished with my eye appointment and the staff was awesome as usual . props to dr. mccoy too . she 's very professional and friendly . i look forward to my visit next year !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst experience i 've ever had in my life at the carolina place mall beware ! ! ! the receptionists are very rude and one of them hung up on me before telling me that maybe she might get back to me ? what kind of business are these people trying to run ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went for an appointment to get my eyes checked to order more contacts . needed contacts within 5 business days as i was going out of the country . in addition to the check in girls life story , they did not order my contacts . the only reason i found this out was because i called . got the same girl on the phone who said she set aside my prescription so i could pick up 2 temporary sets . went to pick up the contacts and they were not there , nor was the girl i had talked to . so they gave me contacts that did n't match my prescription . i am not a fan of doctor 's offices who do not do what they say they are going to do . people there were nice but if you need anything seriously , i would n't ever consider going there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i started going to dr musler years ago and i 've never had a bad experience . i moved to dc in 2008 , but returned in 2012 , and started going back to dr musler at the southpark location . the staff is always pleasant and efficient , and dr musler has a very calming persona . he is very intelligent and is passionate about his career . i ca n't imagine going to any other optometrist for my eye care needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like dr. musler and will keep going to him . he 's got a great bedside manner and really seems to hone in on exactly what i need as far as contact lenses .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff is rude . rude , rude , rude . burn some gas , go to the mall in strongsville or wal-mart .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would give zero if i could . dr.dong was nice . the rest of he staff was horrible ! ! ! the glasses were so expensive even with insurance and they gave the ones on the display ! ! ! ! nothing but problems and they are so rude and unprofessional ! people beware ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i trust the doctor , she is always helpful and insightful , but the reason for 3 stars is the timeliness . i have never been in and out on time , i am always delated and often times to the tune of 30 minutes ( and thats after pressing to get in ) . the doctors office should work on scheduling a little better as well as being more attentive to the scheduled arrival times , if it was n't so difficult to get in , i would leave after my customary 5 minutes of wait time . its sucks being a captive audience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "please riddle me this one : my contact prescription expired in october of 2016 , and yet i am not eligible for another exam until april 2017 ? arrived early for my scheduled appointment , checked in , signed some paperwork , sat down to wait , about 5 minutes goes by and one other person walks in and checks in as well . this woman proceeds to get called back into the exam room before me even though she walked in after me . what is the purpose of scheduling appointments if the office is n't going to stick to them ? and i pretty much had to twist their arms to give me my prescription , because they wanted me to pay for the prescription since i was n't buying contacts or glasses from them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hubby and i have been wanting to check this out , but there was no parking . well now there is parking and it was a beautiful vegas day . nice area to walk . there were tons of rabbits that would run and hide . i would go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "discovered by perusing yelp ! and a only short run from my house i decided to check out hualapai canyon park largely for a change of pace and although admittedly small with a general lack of lighting in the early morning hours i was surprised at just how quiet and well maintained the small space was , a ~3 4 mile track with markers entirely unoccupied during an 11 mile run save for a few small rabbits that seemed more curious than anything else . unlikely to replace cottonwood canyon or the treadmill in my hoa-owned gym but certainly a place i 'll revisit from time to time it never ceases to amaze me just how many tiny community parks are so close to my home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my dog and i decided to go out for a nice walk . hualapai trail has beautiful landscape . every time we come here there 's a bunny hoping around the tail . there 's beautiful views of the mountains and the city . you can sit on benches under the shade or enjoy some sunshine . the only negatives are no restrooms or water fountains .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well , the reviews are true . abby is miracle worker . i 've never even thought what i had was hormonal acne.. i just thought i was doomed forever . she teaches you how to get balance your hormones naturally first . then she creates a custom skin care package based on the signs she reads from the current state of your skin . and she 's very reasonably priced . abby is comfortable to be around and has a great bedside manner . you want to learn how to control your skin and glow naturally ? see abby . you might be shocked when your top layer of skin peels away.. but what 's underneath is so much better ! i promise !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't even know where to start with how incredibly happy i am to have found abby ! ! ! i have been struggling with acne since i was 13 ( i 'm now 26 ) and have been constantly embarrassed and frustrated by it . i have tried every approach , every product , and tried everyone 's suggested method ... ..but finally , i never thought it was possible , but my skin actually looks like a normal person 's skin ! it is glowing , the color is more even , it does n't look irritated red , and most of all my pimples are pretty much non-existent ! this lady knows her stuff ! ! ! ! and she is extremely passionate about helping you achieve your goals ... .she does n't overcharge you and is very generous with her products ! thank you sooo much abby ! ! ! you are an answered prayer for me and many other skin sufferers ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm extremely picky with getting my haircut . after my last stylist moved , i have n't found anyone to fill those shoes until i met ashley . ashley has gone above and beyond to make me feel comfortable getting my haircut , as trying someone new can be a little nerve racking . she made sure that we were both on the same page on what i wanted . i would recommend ashley to friends family yelpers . thanks ashley !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been seeing abby with skintologyrx . i go in once every 4 weeks for a dermaplane and oxidation treatment . i started with abby a few months ago soon after i got engaged and wanted to get my face and skin glowing and prepped for my big day . these were the two treatments abby recommended for me as everyone is different . my favorite part however is that abby really takes a different approach than most others by showing me how to balance my hormones naturally and obtain moisture from the inside out . she had me get on barleans womens essential ( found at sprouts ) and wow what a difference . my hair , skin and nails are amazing . she does n't just care about selling product like most others she truly cares about the end result and the process to get there . i highly recommend you go see her if you want to change your skin from the inside out and take corrective measures . you will see a major difference ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since i have been seeing abby from skintologyrx i have noticed a huge improvement in my skin . i am 31 years young and have seen many estheticians and tried a ton of different products over the years . no one has been able to make a difference in my skin like she has . absolutely amazing service , results , and product recommendations from abby . she is the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not happy here . gal i had a few times : she 's late , does n't communicate~only via text , does n't like when you pay with debit card , my color fades & turns brassy & shows roots in just a few weeks , waste of time & money . be advised : this salon is a `` rent your chair '' salon , so i feel slighted here . wo n't be returning anytime soon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "abby is amazing ! no mater your skin type . young or mature . abby knows how to take care of you . she will go over every detail with you . she has great skills and technique . when you leave that place you feel amazing ! she is very passionate about getting you in the best condition possible . i 've had the derma plane and 2 differt types of peels . i am so pleased with the results . i highly recommend you make this appointment ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a haircut here recently by anthony . very friendly and nice guy . it is another one of those family owned business , which i like to support . they also rent out stations offering variety of services . their prices are very reasonable as well . i 'd recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i recently had my hair done by suzanne , and i could n't be happier ! ! most of my family and i have been going to her for 10+ years . she always does an amazing job for both men and women . i got my hair dyed this time . i sent her a picture of what i wanted ahead of time , and she went out her way to track down the perfect colors for the job . she really cares about her work and making sure it is perfect . again , i could n't be happier about my hair . so glad she 's at a salon right around the corner from my house !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am very picky about my hair so it is always hard for me to go to a new salon . this was my first time at j anthony and i plan on going there again and again . audrey was a great listener and checked with me to make sure i liked the cut and style . she did an excellent job ! ! everyone at the salon was friendly and i left a very satisfied customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "abby at skintology is as good as it gets ! she is the only person who has been able to clear up my skin without medication ! iv had problem skin for as long as i can remember . so glad i found her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been struggling with hormonal acne for as long as i can remember . i have tried everything possible . medications , expensive creams etc . i met abby last december and i just have to say that her work is incredible ! ! i no longer have any acne not even one pimple and can finally step out of the house without makeup . she is now working on my discoloration and i have been seeing amazing results ! i strongly recommend her to anyone who wants to have naturally beautiful skin without paying a fortune . her rates are very affordable as well . try it and you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had extensions put in by stephanie kain , to add fullness to my hair . the process took about 2 hours . they look very natural ! i would definitely recommend stephanie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in with a serious mess of hair . i was looking to get it to all one place . i had a picture that i wanted my end result to look like , but did n't think we could really get there today . i had been with my previous hairdresser for over 15 years , but she had moved several times and the drive was just getting too much . i went into the salon and they did a consultation . fortunately , echo was the one who helped me . she is truly an angel . not only did my hair look like the picture when i left , but she pays so much attention to detail . i am completely satisfied and i have already booked my next appt .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this salon is along a busy street right by my work . i discovered it when looking for nearby salons and i 've been three times since my first ever appointment . i 've gotten my nails done and my hair cut there and the staff is really sweet . the nail tech i was with ( tammy ) was so funny and made getting my nails done an amusing experience . she 's talkative and easy to get along with . i 've gone to two different women for my hair and i ca n't remember their names but they were both incredible and because of them and their hair care tips , i have noticed a huge improvement i my hair and its health . they offer all kinds of services here . check this salon out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "abby from skintology rx ! ! ! ! wow i only wish i had taken before and after photos of my skin . i had been dealing with the worst adult acne and scars for so long and she came to my rescue . my skin is smoother than its ever in my life been . i like that she took a natural approach to treating my skin and even recommended some supplements for me . i recommend her to all of my friends and family all the time . my wedding is fast approaching and i thank my lucky stars i found her because my skin will be ready for the big day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so blessed to find abby w skintologyrx . i have been going to see her for several months now . she has helped to totally transform my skin and has me on a path that my skin and i are so excited about ! ! i love that she customizes a treatment plan specifically for my skin ! she is very knowledgeable and thoroughly explains each treatment . she is also very personable and always makes me feel totally comfortable ! it has always been a hard thing for me to be without makeup in front of anybody , but she always makes me feel beautiful and confident . i love her so much that i followed her to j anthony salon & spa . make an appointment with abby ; i 'm confident that you will not regret it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to see suzanne yesterday and i could n't be happier with my decision . suzanne took her time , listened to my concerns and discussed with me what she thought would be best . i agree , she does use the best of products and when you walk out of there you feel like a million bucks and will definitely want to become a regular client of hers . her prices were within range and she truly takes the time to make sure you are 100 % satisfied before leaving the salon . i 'm just sayin you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jessica jacobs did a fantastic job ! she was very friendly , professional , and accommodating . she did a beautiful french tip for my wedding . i 'll definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been looking for a hair dresser for a while now . i think i finally found her ! audrey is awesome ! ! she listened to what i want and make it perfect . i will def go back to her next time ! ! great cut color and good pricing . plus the salon is new and clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time here , came in for a cut & color with audrey . she told me has been doing hair for over 20 years , her experience shows . i brought in some pictures , and she matched the color and cut perfectly , my hair looks better than ever . very nice lady and gentle too , i 'll be back to see her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time here.i was nervous at first.coz i love my hair and do n't wan na spoil its look.i have my hair done with jackie . .she has done a wonderful job..i am loving it . sure gon na come again here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would never recommend going to this salon for a manicure . two weeks ago , i went to the salon to have a gel manicure . i purchased this gel manicure from groupon , when i arrive the nail tec told me i would have to pay another $ 5.00 for the gel ? ? ? even though the certificate was for a gel manicure . to make matters worse , after one week the gel has come off , and the job is a mess . when i talked to the manager , to keepp good will he would refund the $ 5.00 , as of this date , two later , nothing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to j anthony salon and spa and had a wonderful experience with abby i have had dermaplaning done before but she is the best and when you meet her you will fall in love with her . she is also an expert in oxygenix makeup . i would never go to anyone else but abby and the makeup is fabulous . it was a wonderful experience and she has taught me a lot there 's no other place to go but j anthony salon for derma planing and ask for abby", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently moved here from new york city , i was so excited to find abby at skintologyrx . she is extremely knowledgable and thorough . she is very serious about making you look your best . she takes the time to assess what your skin needs during each visit . i always get compliments after i see her about how great my skin looks . plus she just has great energy and just makes you feel pampered !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always the best service given by jackie . i had make up tattoo and hair cut n colors and as usually it was top notch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jessica is great , she gives the best manicures and is very accommodating . i am happy to have found her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ciera is amazing . i wanted to color my hair purple with some highlights . she not only listened to my wants but she gave me a lot of advice . i 'd never had my hair colored at a salon before so i was a little bit nervous . in ciera 's hands my hair came out exactly like i wanted . thank you so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "abby skintology rx is amazing ! i 've gone to her for a while now , and my skin has improved tremendously . the thing about abby , is that she helps the skin heal from the inside out . she 's healed my skin and not just made it aesthetically appealing . she 's really great . i definitely recommend her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "abby is amazing ! i have had some pitted scars and discoloration that i thought would never completely go away , but my skin looks better now than i ever thought it could . i 'm seeing huge improvements with the surface of my skin , even after just a few dermaplaning appointments . she really knows her stuff . she has recommended supplements and given me dietary advice to help decrease inflammation in my skin and to stop hormonal acne breakouts . i recommend abby to everyone i know . i feel so much more comfortable in my skin ! i used to feel like i had to wear heavy foundation because i was embarrassed about my skin , but now i 'm happy with very light and minimal makeup . she has been a lifesaver to me and i highly recommend her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "janthony salon & spa recently moved from i-17 & 101 to cave creek & the 101 and have also changed their name . the salon used to be called caf\u00e9 paris . my hair stylist is lisa telefeson . lisa has been doing my hair for 13 plus years . the next after i have gotten anything done to my hair , i get nothing but compliments . my hair can be very difficult at times ( most of the time ) and lisa is the only hair stylist that i have gone to that has been able to tame my out of control hair . the other services that are available at the salon are manicures , pedicures , massages and body wraps . they also have great hair care products that you ca n't find any where else , but at their salon . the owner christie is awesome , . she is not just the owner she is also a hair stylist as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "abby - is wonderful ! ! ! have been many places , she is the best , most knowledgable , sweetest and most effective skin care specialist i have ever been too . love the makeup , so nice to have something good for my skin ! my skin has a continuos beautiful glow because of her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a hidden gem . the location is convenient , the salon is adorable , clean and friendly . i have my hair done by jess abramo and she is amazing ! my hair always looks fantastic when leaving . i look forward to seeing her she is a great person to be around . she also is wonderful with children . highly recommend jess & the salon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "abby with skintologyrx was fantastic . she really takes pride i . her work . she is so passionate for what she does that you become passionaite . you did a wonderful job on the dermaplanng . 2 of my friends are coming in to see you . the sweet almond oil for moisturizer that you suggested is working great ! thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to aneta baker for several years for hair color and cut . she has always done a superlative job with excellent head massages . she is newly working at j anthony . i look forward to continuing with her there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to see abby after being so frustrated with my derma ( back and forts for about 2 and half years now ) and just with 2 visit wiith abby my skin has never been so clear ! i am now off the medication and alll my topicals just amazing ! i could not be happier with the results ! anyone with skin problem see her asap ! honest and very knowledgeable ! you would not be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was my first time going here and after a year of not cutting my hair i was more than pleased with the service and the outcome . robyn was my stylist who happily took my walk in appointment and helped me understand what i really wanted . i was super happy to find a new salon and stylist at a decent price . the atmosphere was pleasant and upbeat and all of the staff were more than welcoming and helpful . they have a wide range of services including a new facial service coming in september so maybe i will come back for more pampering .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after years of paying way too much to get my hair done , i found stephanie kain ( johnson ) who is the best ! i have followed her now for nearly 10 years and always refer my friends ! i prefer natural color & highlights . i have random strangers tell me they ca n't believe my 4 year old daughter 's hair is the exact same color as mine- ha , i always say ... . '' i 'll have to thank stephanie ! '' she listens well and is diligent to give you exactly what you want . she has reasonable prices for excellent quality !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in early august stylist stephanie johnson styled my hair for my wedding and i could n't have been more thrilled with the results . she started early and finished quickly with star quality results . she is deff a pro and so talented at up do 's . i had a tear up moment and my make up washed away right before the photographers came and she fixed me up so you could n't ever tell there was a problem . i would highly recommend visiting stephanie at j anthony for a special event up do or color or just a basic cut and style because this lady knows her stuff ! i only wish i lived closer so i could get the glamor all the time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great place to get your done . i have only heard good things from everbody else as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have jumped from salon to salon trying to find a great hairstylist . i found ashley . she is amazing . i have now gone to her for the past couple of years and recommended her to everyone i know . she just does a great job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jess is amazing ! i really absolutely adore her ! the business itself is clean , and everybody , literally everybody is super sweet !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jessica jacobs is amazing ! her products are high quality and she does a great job ! i would recommend her to anyone . she takes her time and even massages your hands and arms : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go to abby for dermaplanning . abby is awesome and is very knowledgeable about skin . my face always comes out glowing . she is the best and i definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this location and my stylist candice perry is amazing . she does exactly what i like and what i want . i really appreciate you taking the time to deal with my natural hair . i 'm looking forward to coming back every 2-3 weeks . i love you candice ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just starting coming here recently and i 'm loving how my hair is looking since i started going to echo . she takes her time to ensure you are happy with your results before you leave . she 's personable and easy going . i appreciate your professionalism and great work . thank you ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i vet 's been doing my hair for over 10 years ! she 's the best stylist & colorist i 've ever had . she cares about her clients & their families and i have referred many friends to her throughout the years & everyone is very happy with her work ! i got sick & had to go through chemo and she even cut my wigs for me ! she 's a great person and an amazing stylist . guarantee you will never be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love ciera ! she 's an amazing hair stylist and colorist . i went to vidal sassoon in scottsdale before but i switched when i found her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "abby is a wizard ! she is talented , knowledgeable and loving . she truly cares about your skin and wants to help improve it . she did an amazing job with my skin so far and i am so grateful . i highly recommend anyone seeking improvement in their skin to go to her . she will educate you and do wonders on your skin .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had audrey , she rocked ! ! ! i will definitely be going back and spreading the good news to my sisters . my recommendation is skip groupon and call the salon , many of the ladies will honor those prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed a haircut and called the salon because i pass it everyday on my way home . i called and got right in with the stylist suzanne . suzanne was fabulous . i was impressed by her knowledge and years of experience . she was attentive to my desires and added her own suggestions without being pushy ! i appreciate her making me feel fabulous !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "abby 's skintology rx is amazing and i am so happy i found her . i am so much pleased with the result especially after trying her micropen . my skin is progressively improving in the area of wrinkles , dark circles under eyes and dark spots . it 's a natural ( and very effective ! ! ! ) alternative to most of the available treatments on the market .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "echo does my hair and it always looks awesome ! she 's done my hair for almost a year now . once i showed her a picture of what color i wanted my hair and she did a great job making sure the color complimented my complexion . she is laid back , but still energetic and personable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time at this salon and i think i have finally found my permanent hair salon . i saw peggy potts and she was wonderful ! she gave a fabulous cut and color ! we set up plan for my care care that is manageable . you have to ask for peggy 's , she will do wonders ! thank you peggy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dot 's is a place you would n't get a chance to enjoy unless a ( trusted ) friend or family member implored you to go in rather than drive by . dot 's is , literally , just a dot on the side of the road . dot 's is also awesome . soup . bread . stuffed cabbage . regulars . horror flicks on the tv above the bar , complete with detailed and informed reviews by the guy tending said bar . so . awesome . from a time when these sorts of places were a dime a dozen , we get to still enjoy dot 's in a time when these sorts of places are a rarity . a delicious , cozy , kitschy rarity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the rare place you can get a turkey club with real turkey . not lunch meet . very good quality tasty food at a very reasonable price . local business with homemade american food . great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dots has been cooking family style home cooked meals for a long time . they havent changed a thing since the andrew carnegie days except for their potatoes ( which are no longer real ) . if you want a hardy bowl of soup on a cold winter day in pittsburgh then look no further than dots .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good homemade food . ordered mashed potatoes and meatloaf . nothing from a box here . very good ! busy place so you know it 's good . vintage decor .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was good , but small portions . wait time was 35 minutes . special note : they do not take credit cards !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "like trina says below , my family friends had a horrible experience at this establishment ... we are incredibly disappointed in the swim school 's business decision , and how they chose to handle this issue . it proves that goldfish swim school does not value their customers or the happiness they could give children . my family members , friends , and acquaintances will never be a customer at this establishment . this was not a pizza party , it was a pool party ; therefore , the family deserves reimbursement for a pool party . ps it was not their fault some kid pooped in your pool ... i hope you reconsider your decisions .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thr staff was really rude when we asked for a reschedule . so rude that my 8 yr old refused to back to the swimming class . and they still kept charging my credit card for 2 months . when i asked for refund they refused . never going back there ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "goldfish swim school in wexford is amazing ! the staff is so friendly and always helpful and the instructors are patient and great with kids . my two year old fights me in going places but if i mention going to goldfish to swim and see miss marlayna and mr jeff he 's running to the car ! i 've been taking my kids there since january of 2015 and have had them with at least 8 different instructors and have loved every single one . you ca n't go wrong with goldfish in wexford !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "goldfish swim school has been a great blessing to our family . they are organized and specific with their lessons . the kids learn quickly and are swimming within no time . we tried two other swimming lesson locations with my daughter before friends recommended goldfish ( one was private lessons and the second was a group lesson ) . those other places just seemed to carrying my daughter around the pool without actually teaching her anything because she was young . goldfish had her swimming on her own ( a short distance , but still on her own , within two weeks ) . now we have two swimmers in their school and it 's a great joy to watch the constant progress they make every week .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter has learned so much from your program . carol ( i believe this is her name , but is the supervisor on tuesdays ) has been amazing and has gone out of her way to make sure that my daughter is taken care of . she is a compassionate , empathic , and truly meets the needs of all of the children . i have recommended goldfish to many people . we initially took swim classes at the ymca and were n't happy with the results and the care that was given . i was pleasantly surprised when we joined goldfish and amazed with all the staff , instructors and lifeguards ! thank you for all that you do !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not take your family ! ever ! ! ! waste of money ! building is overcrowded and dirty . swimmers are coached by untrained high school college kids . swimmers will not ever progress . staff is pushy , rude and never wants to be bothered . run business backwards ... money first , families last !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we love it here ! the teachers are warm , attentive , and caring . they really help kids that may be nervous or sad . my daughter has been going here for a few months and has progressed so much ! they never force her to do anything but they gently work with kids to get them comfortable with the moves . make up policy is great and the staff are all really approachable and courteous . -vivian 's mom", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a biker bar . i love harleys so this was so cool for me too see so many works of art lined up bike after bike after bike . one word ... beautiful . i was star stuck , i had just been to the infamous jackson barrot car show and there were a few cool bikes but this was like a showroom of awesome for the price of a tasty beverage . at some point they announced , `` if you are the owner of an orange harley , it just fell over '' the crowd gasped including myself . it 's ok it did n't even look scratched . if you have a car and walk up they know so do n't play they wo n't kill you unless you are a douche . there was live music and a bunch of shops to buy things like corsets , patches , t-shirts , whips etc . i picked up a cute set of pasties for $ 5", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of my haunts . i 'm not complaining about the place but i am complaining about the `` service '' this chick did at least 12 shots behind the bar in front of me in the short time i was there . she did n't run me a tab but charged me what she decided was right . then when i asked for my tab , it was wrong and i paid , i did say something and she argued with me about how much she hooks it up . correct me if i 'm wrong but is `` hooking it up '' really what it 's about ? the small crowd was hammered and behaving as they wished . i like this place . would hate to see it go down because some drunk bartender acted like an irresponsible individual with no regard for the business .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had a fantastic time at this cool biker bar while in town for my nephew 's graduation from asu . waaaay too good of a time , in fact ... with my wonderful , fun , crazy family who came from all over to celebrate this milestone . we drank , danced , sang with the band , and ate huge plates of bar-food-fried yumminess , all outside on a gorgeous arizona spring night . the regulars did n't seem to mind our woo-hoo behavior , either , which makes this place as good as a biker bar gets .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to the hideaway for my last time today . i moved here a little over two years ago , and found this wonderful biker bar . the beers were a little expensive , but the food was good , and i got to hang with like minded folks . but seems like the more popular it got , the more they would charge for the beers . last fall they were wanting $ 4.25 , which was stupid expensive . i had n't been there since last fall , so thought i 'd stop by today for a few beers and a burger . they are now charging five dollars for a 12 ounce bottle of beer . that 's just stupid tourist trap pricing . a pity . it used to be such a good place . i 've spent my last dollar at the hideaway .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my favorite dive bar in cave creek . they have a great little patio , interesting servers , and live music . the place feels like it has been here 100-years . the drinks are pretty reasonable and the crowd provides for ample people watching .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to pull up on yer ' hawg and enjoy a break in your ride . all or most are discovery channel bikers though . some great bikes to look at if you are in to hd 's . great pizza and spicy bloody mary 's . if you ride up on yer ' sled , watch your pipe noise as cave creek has an 84 db limit law and they will write you up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the most yuppiest biker bar in the valley.. they hate the locals in cave creek and only cater to the yuppie big wheel bagger crowd from phoenix , locals should not give him one single dime ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is one of the best biker bars around ! ! ! great happy hour during the week days ! ! the burgers are great and the servers are all cute and very friendly ! do n't let all the tatoos and leather intimidate you ! we took our friend paula there last sunday on their anniversary weekend and she was in her tennis outfit ! there were many bikers there and a great band was playing and the place was packed full ! the hideaway guy patrolling the parking lot joked and said , `` did you just come off your harley in that tennis skirt ? '' the drink prices are reasonable and i highly recommend this place on a sunny afternoon ! great people watching and you might be surprised at who you might run into ? ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's called the hideaway for some very good reasons ... .do not piss off the locals or the non- want to be locals for that matter , they will kill you , eat you children , and bugger you in the most heinous ways if you ever insult their bar , bike , or women . that being said , you could not meet a nicer bunch or people , in all the times i 've been there , i have never witnessed a fight , a stolen ( worst sin ever ) bike , wallet , or witnessed a fight . truly great people , awesome , fun and hot female staff , ( had to throw that in ) and cheap specials happy hours", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you want people watching , music that 's too loud and too much bass , this spot is for you . i have a great time people watching and women who just do n't have a clue on how to dress hot , ( train wrecks ) . mgt . get a clue and turn the music down a tad , i like it loud but when you ca n't talk to someone 12 '' from you it just sucks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of our favorite biker bars to stop at but once the band starts it horrible . i do n't know what they are hearing in their heads but it just sounds like a garage band jam session of songs no one has ever heard of . sounds like the same song for 4 hours . the crowd claps and screams at the end because it is finally over . the one man band they have during the day is awesome . do n't know who the owner owes a favor to with that horrible band but enough is enough . i 've watched over and over the crowd thins every time they start .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stop by the hideaway today and had a good time . plenty of bikes , food and live music . it 's worth the afternoon to spend some time there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good finger food , love the live music ... love the fact you can pull up to the corral style fence with you harley . in the cooler weather they have the fire pit going just a melo and fun hang out ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a must-visit if you are ever passing through the cave creek , carefree area . it 's a biker bar first and foremost so that should be enough of a clue to most of you about many things including service , attitudes , decor , and of course motorcycle gazing . we always hit this when down in scottsdale and they never dissapoint . they have a great staff serving tasty burgers and awesome pizzas made to order . wash it all down with a frosty beer then sit back and people watch . it 's been fun to watch them grow from a `` shed '' to having a huge new wood deck with misters ( absolute requirement in july ! ) and outside mini bar . friday nights and weekends in early summer are a blast . just need to be careful if you 've had a few as the local police patrol are always watching and are pretty picky about loud bikes sometimes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "two harley 's and four friends for lunch at the hideaway . we enjoyed a few brews , couple cigars and a great lunch . will be heading back real soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "karaoke + football + 31 degrees ! this is a cool little biker bar . they have karaoke on some nights . lots of outdoor seating , inside is pretty tiny though . i had a burger here a long time ago ... i think it was decent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its a cool bar ... but what is not cool is that the guy who was out front directing the motorcycles in to the `` motorcycle parking '' area yelled at me when i tried to park my car in a parking lot ! there was a sign that said parking ! ive never been there before so i didnt know ! and i dont think its fair that he yelled at me . i probably wont go there again unless i have too . its too bad because its a cool place . but i dont appreciate being talked to like that .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just had a fundraiser for our animal rescue , and the hideaway was our last stop . they were fantastic , and gave out free meals to our volunteers and riders for the event . i 've been here 3-4 times now , and every time i really enjoyed myself . friendly staff , good drinks , good food , and good atmosphere . fantastic . ca n't wait to do our ride again next year ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great live music , good drinks , lovely bartenders in a little mini western town . will be back the next time i roll through !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beer could have been colder but it was close enough . the food was sadly cold and soggy but the place was too busy to bother with a re-cook . easy and friendly bike parking , attendant out front directing the action . this place has an over 50 vibe , lot of older bikers with a suspicious amount of matching gear and extra bling . i got called a name for riding a suzuki , i must say there were 2 other cafe racers out front though . mostly a harley place or prepare to get an insult . pretty good band .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a wi-fi review when at a restaurant , coffee shop or other business , i , like many other people these days want internet access using my ipod or iphone through a free wi-fi connection . the hideaway does have wi-fi but it is locked and i was told that it is not available for the customers to use . i guess they think that bikers are not the type of customer that would want wi-fi . guess again . on weekends i 've seen many bikers at harold 's gazing at the screens of their ipods , iphones and even netbooks sloshing down beer after beer . the hideaway owners are obviously living in the 1980 's business world . 1 star for the hideaway on their wi-fi . food and drink for afternoon happy hour some days they have free meatballs in a gravy type sauce and other days , pizza .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great biker bar . loved it . stopped by during biketoberfest . one of our favorite places- and we have only just moved to the area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best biker bar in az . always a fun time , we always meet new friendly people here . fire pits going in the winter time , live music , the perfect out door bar . the food is great too ! ! we come back time and time again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is an awesome bar to hang out in . when i lived in phoenix i could be found almost every weekend at the table under the tree at the front of the patio . the food is fantastic and is prepared to order , the burger is great , get it with grilled onion , cheese , and bacon . or get the pizza , it 's delicious . the staff is awesome as well . mark , the owner , is a great guy and does everything he can to make sure his customers have a great time . be aware that there is no car parking at the bar itself , it 's bike parking only . but if you are arriving in a cage you would probably be more comfortable at the hideaway roadhouse just up the street .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty cool little biker bar . food was good typical bar portions with pretty standard bar . it has a very large outside patio which i am sure make it the go to spot in the arizona summer heat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "whata great spot ! chill place , bikes , beers , n babes ! enough said . its about that time of the year again ! ! ca n't wait ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had so much fun at this bar ! ! ! the outdoor fire pit was cozy and fabulous , the beer was cold , hot rods revving and motorcycles rounded out the dive bar biker bar experience . do n't forget to staple a dollar bill to the ceiling covered with your own personal act of vandalism before you leave .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a great biker bar , been going here for years . it can get s little ridiculously crowded during the nice tourist riding season so i get why he made the bike parking into more patio and fire pit , but i miss sitting and bike watching and chatting up people coming and going . nothing interesting beer wise , stick to bottles . the wings and sandwiches are good bar fare .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved our visit during bike week , we were only in cave creek on wednesday night , but loved our fast and furious get away . friendly staff and great food , not to mention some great venders on site . we hope to do this again next year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst panda express i have ever been to . the service is horrible . the people that work at this location are very rude . they make you wait forever for the food to be prepared if they have run out of what you want . never again . i would rather drive further to a better location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love panda but this place sucks . there is barely any sauce on the chow mein , they did n't cook the onions through and said they never do . they added extra chilies to the spicier foods and that burned going down . not going back ! i think they are confused about whether it is a chinese or mexican restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this location is actually very clean compared to others i have been to . the service was also good . on the other hand , the food tasted like armpits . not sure what was wrong with my fried rice but it was not good . the kung pao chicken was not the best either . the chicken was horrible and it did not have enough sauce . the vegetables were not cooked all the way through . i would recommend going to the sahara location instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one amazing manager ! micheal ! great job ! we had a bad experience one time an micheal ! knocked it out of the park , he is so fun to watch while he cooks ... .thank you so very much panda !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not real asian food by any means but it will fill you up if you are on a budget . on the plus side , the place is kept very clean and it 's fast . be careful if you are diabetic , the chain uses a ton of sugar in everything . it 's what they substitute because pe does n't use msg .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "as a former banana republic employee , i love the brand but passionately dislike this location . first of all , i have been here several times and do n't remember ever being greeted by an associate . second , the store is an awkward size and shape , and their selection seems limited because of that . would n't you think that ross park would have the nicest br in the city ? well , i personally think the robinson and south hills stores are much nicer on every level . i dislike this store so much that i actually completely stopped shopping at this location . hopefully , banana republic gets smart and ( 1 ) hires friendlier employees for this store and ( 2 ) moves the store to a less awkward location in the mall .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a good banana republic , but from a man 's perspective , the men 's portion is pretty small . the associates are very nice and very helpful though , which is nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been going to dr.young now for two years and have always been very happy with his work and staff . everyone is really friendly & happy being there . dr. young makes you feel relaxed and at ease during any procedure . i believe her name is rochelle ( in reception ) is very efficient and very accommodating . like for instance today when i showed up a week early for my 6 month cleaning ; she was able to get me in almost immediately . kyoko , dental hygienist ( hope that 's her name too ) is the best dental hygienist i 've ever met . she has a gental touch and always lets you know what she is doing next . last visit i had deep cleaning because i had been improperly brushing certain areas and this visit i 'm cavity and deep cleaning free because of her showing me how to brush my teeth ! i highly recommend dr.young and his staff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a bad experience here . lots of bait and switch when it comes to quoting prices and then trying to charge you more after the work is done . high pressure tactics to extract as much money from you as possible . no insurance ? then be prepared since they want you to finance all the work they said i needed . got a second opinion , and did not require what they said i needed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my kids and i dental . they are amazing , friendly , and do their best to get you all the right services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. young and his staff are great . they all are very friendly and helpful . all of my questions are answered and i always feel comfortable before , during and after procedures . they will give you many choices when managing your dental plan . i was even given the option of 24 month zero interest payment plan so that i can finance my dental needs without suffering financially . i would definitely recommend this office !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i look forward to my visits and that 's not always been the case with other dental offices . i look forward to visits because i 'm confident the utmost care will be taken from the hygienists to the dentist they are very gentle while in my mouth . moreover they do n't hard sell you on other procedures . these guys are the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been without teeth for several years . i have been looking for a reasonable and affordable dentures . i have searched high and low . i decided to call 1800 dentist , explained my situation and was told silverstate dental in vegas was a wonderful place to get dentures . i was skeptical due to the years searching . i called silverstate dental and explained my situation . they took my information , called my insurance for me then called me back with the results . i immediately made the appt for dentures . the price was so reasonable with my insurance but what really topped my decision was how the staff took charge of my situation and treated me with respect from the very beginning . when i actually showed up for my first appt the staff did not disappoint me , the were very friendly and treated me as if i had been going there all along . i definately recommend silverstate dental you wo n't be sorry . thank you silverstate for my confidence and my smile back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "silver state has an amazing friendly staff that takes care of you like family ! my appointments are always on time and teeth cleanings are taken care of gently and carefully . i would recommend this place over and over again . i would also recommend getting the zoom teeth whiting , after 5 months my teeth are still sparking white ! thanks you guys so much ! ! see you on my next appointment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family has been coming to silver state dental for 7 years . they are great and friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have seen dr. young for years and have always received excellent dental care . staff is courteous and professional . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the dentist and dental hygienist are so friendly and patient . the receptionist is being responsible to call and confirm the appointment and even gave me a morning call to wake me up for morning appointment . thumbs up for the receptionist ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! friendly staff ! and well priced ! i loved my experience at silver state dental and would highly recommend them to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bailey had her first cavity work done today ! anytime needls are involved it takes 4 adults to hold her down ! how these guys got her through it and with no tears is a mystery to me ! great job guys ! ! so glad i found silver state dental !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is still my go to dentist . i have been with them for 2 years now , and have never had a bad experience . they have a really caring and friendly staff , and dr. young is the only dentist i trust . customer service is wonderful here , they do their utmost to accomodate their clients . i ca n't say enough about this office . i love when someone asks me if i know a good dentist , i pull out a card from my wallet and tell them `` this is the best in town '' .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so happy i found dr. young ! from the first phone call speaking to lisa , to the first appointment i was so comfortable . the staff is so professional and warm , they made me feel like family ! i was so nervous about the extreme dental work i needed to get done . but after dr. young explained everything step by step , i actually looked forward to all of my return visits ! he is so gentle and thorough ! and i am so pleased with my results ! i will not only bring my son there , but recommend everyone i know to go to this place ! thank you for making this scary situation into the most comfortable situation ! from dr. young to all of the staff.. you guys rock !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice and clean place the staffs are friendly and pleasant , over all i recommend it", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love my dentist ! the entire staff is always so helpful and know what they are doing . before proceeding with any procedure they always inform me of what will be taking place.. and i definitely need this ! they accommodate my busy schedule and take extremely good care of my teeth !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone was very nice and friendly took there time with me explaining and making me feel comfortable really like them there", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff were friendly and knowledgable . dentist was skilled and quick , he even noticed a chip in my tooth . appointment was at 2 and got see before 2 , visit was fast got out in less than an hour and definitely coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have tried several dentists and their whitening treatments but i finally found one that actually works ! ! ! their whitening system is the absolute best i 've found ! ! i also love my dental hygienist kyoko is so wonderful ! ! she is so thorough , gentle and kind ! ! i actually look forward to my cleaning for the first time in my life ! ! my experience at the dentist office is better than wonderful and i 'm truly blessed to have found them ! ! ! lisa , office manager , is one of the sweetest people i 've met and she 's so great at reminding me of my appointment ! ! it so grateful silver state dental ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is extremely friendly and made me feel comfortable . i got in right away thanks rochelle . dr. young explained the treatment to me and asked how i was doing throughout the procedure . he was extremely gentle and nice . if you are in pain or in need of a dentist this is a great office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "huge rip off ! do not waste your time if you want a driver 's license . my niece has been driving for a year and they took her on a 15min drivers test . looking for reasons to fail her . $ 75 for 1 chance to pass . never going there again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "everyone here is super friendly ! we had some problems getting the title of our car transferred because of moving from out of state & changing to my married last name . they could not have made the transition easier for us ! i will never go back to the regular motor vehicle service again . third party mvs is the way to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aida c at mvs just helped me register my truck in az and get an az license . all in a span of about 20 minutes . super nice and way friendlier than the dmv . would definitely recommend over the chaos and rude people at the dmv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would honestly give it zero stars if i could , i went there this morning on my 16th birthday to go get my drivers license , and was just about to do my parallel park . the lady told me not to cross over the yellow streak on the curb . little did i know that there was a faded painted line on the ground , and i passed over it . needless to say she failed me in less than a minute . nothing wrong . needs curb fixed . feel it was an unfair fail .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went here to save time and it took longer than a dmv and it was disgusting in there . there was 13 counters and 2 were open at 10am . it was a joke . never ever doing that again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "since the mvd does n't have saturday hours we had no choice but to go to the third party mvs office . of course you have to pay a convenience fee to them along with any state fee , your cost for the service you are requiring , etc but it was n't as bad as going to the mvd and waiting the incredibly long wait that you can expect to endure there . we came prepared by knowing what we needed to complete the transaction so the process was quick aside from the wait we had when we arrived . it 's just like the mvd in that when your arrive you get a ticket by choosing what you are there . in our case , title and registration . the gentleman that helped us was very nice and worked quickly . overall , paying a convenience fee will be worth it to those who even have the ability to go during the week .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location is incompetent . they gave wrongful information and even when . i tried to discuss this with a supervisor i was shot down and told i was being rude . the employee specifically is named rigorous . if you get called to his window you 're out of luck because he has no clue what he 's doing . do n't use this location i 'd rather suffer through the line at the dmv than deal with these idiots .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a great experience here . they had to email my former state because of a name difference and cathy called as soon as they responded . i went back and everything was done very quickly . i tried the dmv but the computers kept going down and the line got longer and longer . i would recommend third party to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "update : i went to your sister company and not only did they treat me with respect they were so nice . and they did n't say it was a copy but the original and pushed it right through and took care of my license . they also apologized for your ignorance . i was in there for a total of 5min ( waiting time-there was n't one ) take some notes , your location and staff needs help in so many areas where you could learn from your competitor . terrible customer service . such slow service with their babysitters watching their staff . waste of time and gas . the representatives do not know what is a copy and what is not . stay away from this one she 's an ignorant supervisor . do n't waste your time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have to say the people here made my visit extremely pleasant . as soon as i walked in i was greeted and helped . the person helping me was very thorough and polite . from the time i walked in to the time i left ( with my drivers license . and having to fill out application , take written and driving test ) took only about 45 min ! there was no wait and the people were very friendly and made sure i was taken care of . i was very pleased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not go here ! ! ! ! i went to get a duplicate id and literally had to wait over an hour . they have so many windows and only have 3 open . the employees walk back and forth and look like they have no idea what they 're doing . the convenience fee is nonsense because it 's not convenient what so ever ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "most unhelpful and narrow minded people i have dealt with . spent a half hour while a new guy went back and forth trying to figure out how to do the transaction i needed then after he figured out he could not help the manager could not do anything because she could not clear it because mvd closed at 8 . ( she was talking to me at 7:55 )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "like a breath of fresh air . i reached age 65 , the age in arizona that requires a person to renew by taking a vision test and getting a new photo taken for the driver 's license . the extra ten buck third party mvs charges was the best ten bucks i ever spent . in and out with my newly updated license in about twenty minutes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome always quick and way better the mvd . i have always used them for tittle work , but just used them for drivers license for my son .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not go if you 're looking to take the driver 's test ! ! they will be extra harsh on you if you did n't pay the 90 dollars for 3 tries . i went and the lady marked me 10 points off for not stopping for a pedestrian that was on the sidewalk . ridiculous .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rip off ! the way they charge incentivises them to fail the driver so they have to return . we had to go back three times . every single person in our group of four kids failed the driving test . we wanted the convenience and shorter lines . we ended up paying over a hundred thirty dollars and had to return two additional times . i will never make that mistake again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wanted to add my sister and i to the title on our mother 's car and had been to another place with rude indifferent people . the wait was longer than we would have liked , but the person who helped us was super friendly - breath of fresh air ! there were only a few windows open , but more opened up when several customers showed up at once .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so fast and efficient ! got me out in 30 mins . i needed a new dl and had to transfer a title .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst place to go for a road test . over charged 25 $ each time if you fail ... more chances of failing here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "brought 5 clients in to take their driving test today . while the results were n't what i hoped they would be all 5 were done by 12 and we got there at 9am ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a pretty decent place to check out a band before they `` make it big '' - you too can be that douche that declares `` i totally saw natalie portman 's shaved head before they sold out ! '' tickets are cheap ( almost always under $ 10 ) and the acts are usually pretty cool . i once saw a dude simultaneously smash two beer bottles over dan burke 's head here , so you know the place is legit . tip : take out money beforehand , and do n't wait till you 've arrived to do it at the adjacent cibc . you do not want to get mixed in with the crowds that hang around outside at the waverly hotel .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the silver dollar room has been around forever and is known as one of the city 's best and original blues houses . that being said , it it located at a very diverse intersection downtown and is located below a certified , rundown , whorehouse , oh i mean , low budget hotel . nowadays there are sometimes good live acts at this venue ( about 50 50 ) but the stage is small , layout not ideal , sound levels terrible and most importantly , this has become the ultimate late night after hours all night drop in spot . if it 's 3 am and you and you 're buddies are coming down hard but about to fix that with more , um . . . .whatever it may be , well you 'll fit right in with the other equally seedy characters lurking about the silver dollar room .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what a neat experience . it 's always nice to support homegrown talent , and we all know toronto 's got a lot of it . there were 6 indie bands playing last night , and i was there for 5 of them . all of them were quite good , but unfortunately , failed to get the crowd hyped up . i guess it 's a music venue , and not a club so not everybody will be compelled to dance . still , i wish the crowd would have loosened up and gotten on the dance floor . aside from the 2 or 3 women who were really going wild with their dance moves , nobody moved an inch . i have mixed feelings about the night . still , i would go again , just to hear indie music . the bar serves mixed drinks for about $ 5.25 . this place can be a lot better , not sure how- but it just can .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "terrible service is sometimes the norm here . they book great rock shows so i 've returned over the years , but i 've dealt with rude bartenders , servers , managers and door people here several times . ( not all - some are lovely ! ) in fact , i 'd say that all of my worst service experiences in toronto have been here . but when the right band is booked and the crowd is into it , it can be hard to care about mediocre service . and bluegrass music wednesday nights is a real treat .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "small intimate place for what it is its nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just came here to say i 'm really bummed silver dollar will be closing soon . i was just there on the weekend to see hooded fang and i 'm glad i got a visit in before the news of its fate - lost to yet another condo - came down yesterday afternoon . blissful ignorance and whatnot . i 'll be making a point to get in another visit before the doors close . the silver dollar is one of the first venues i visited after moving to toronto nearly seven years ago , and it has been a favourite ever since . it 's divey and the bathrooms are not cute , but the beer is cheap , the music is varied and always interesting , and come on , its a goddamn piece of toronto music history . if you 've never been , get your butt to the silver dollar before its too late .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the silver dollar has some great shows some of the time . it can be hit or miss for sure . the place holds about 300 people in total . they have a back patio for smoking , but you can also bring your drinks out there , pool tables in a semi secluded room off the main room and a great small venue stage . dan burke is the legendary booker and generally he gets the cool shows before they 're even cool enough to be featured in now magazine or play the `` cool '' venues like the horseshoe . prices are always good on everything and generally , it 's a totally underrated spot worth checking out if you like live music .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to see a show in toronto ! i definitely appreciated the fact that beer prices were n't hiked up just because it 's a music venue ( $ 5.50 molsons ) , as well as the seating area to the side of the stage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great spot for live music ! just not loud music", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! it is good beers , just the right amount of seediness to keep things real , cheap covers and no attitude . i usually go for an event ( to see a band ) but it is the kind of place you can just drop in on any given night . what makes it cool is that it is n't cool . it is n't trying to be cool . it is just the silver dollar room . anyone complaining about a lack of coolers , falvoured vodka or cider needs to take their princess ass back to a trendy bar in little italy , queen west , ossington or some other fake bs place . as the condos go up , and everyone is priced out of this city , i hope toronto always has dives like the silver dollar room to get a beer , hear a bunch of kids playing their hearts out and not be overcharged for the experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "small place which is n't bad , unfortunately it has a bad layout . the crowd is squished between the bar and the stage and when there 's people always try to get by to get to their table or to leave or use the washroom or get a drink , it 's really really annoying . the sound quality is actually better in the washroom because they turn up the volume so much . much easier to pick out the singer 's voice while in the washroom . the bar service was slow , though that could have been because it was a very busy night and packed . the other room has pool tables and is a good spot to get away from the crowd for sure . cheap shows , cheap beer . the bands that were playing were good though . very good . maybe on another night the atmosphere will be better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the silver dollar is a toronto landmark located in a pretty sketchy area at college & spadina . i was initially hesitant to come here because of the area but once i got in i was fine . it 's pretty easy to get here take the subway to queen 's park station and it 's about a 10-15 minute walk west from there . silver dollar has a limited beer selection consisting of the big brands ( molson , coors light , etc ... ) and prices are a reasonable for a dive bar , i only had 1 drink the entire night . i went for the first time recently to see yuck , an indie rock band from the uk who was on tour . it was a nice surprise to see them here as silver dollar is a very intimate space with capacity of around 200 . the sounds quality was decent enough no real issues there after the show ran into the band at the merch table got a pic and left . silver dollar is a great dive to see a band very intimate space", "score": "4"}
{"review": "step inside the doors of this gritty music scene landmark , and you 'll never feel the same way about the bars that try to simulate the concept of a dive bar again . this is the real deal , and if the crowd looks rough , it 's because they 've all been watching shows here for the past 58 years . saunter up to the bar , grab a pint of 50 , lean back and prepare to have your world rocked .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "found this place accidentally and had an amazing time ! the band was fantastic and drinks were reasonably priced and we got to step away from the crowds and play pool in the back room where we still had a great view of the stage . the atmosphere is great as well ! it looked a little run down , and going to the bathroom was n't a great experience but other than that i was happy to find this hidden gem !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the venue is cute , but the drink selection is totally a load of bs . no coolers . no flavored vodka . no ciders . very , very basic spirits and beers . apparently they 're limited in what they can carry because they 're a `` molson '' bar . load of garbage . if you 're particular about drinks , show up loaded , and do n't expect to drink at this bar . ( really , it 's their loss , not mine . it was a very inexpensive evening . ) on a positive note , the bands were good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been to this nail salon three times in the last year for bio gel nails . i have yet to have a bad experience . they have a wide array of colour selections and they are super quick . moreover , they are not afraid if you bring your kids and are actually really good with kids . i have never chipped a nail or had it peel off so i think that they do a great job . you should definitely call ahead as they tend to get quite busy . the prices that they charge are pretty reasonable as well . my bio gel nails were $ 45 and i love love them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "update ! ! i have had my shellac for 3 whole weeks now and have had 0 chips so far very happy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very affordable place for shellac , it 's $ 15 and they have a pretty good selection of colours . my nails usually last about two weeks before they start peeling , there have been a few times where it 's lifted before but it really depends who does your nails . the owner and i think a lady named mikao do a pretty good job .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "who can pass up free frozen yogurt ? not this girl ! the menchie 's promotion for april for free 10 oz . of yogurt from 9-11 pm monday-thursday is amazing for those who want a frosty treat at a great deal - free . this location is a bit out of the way for me , but right down the street from my boyfriend so i get the luxury of indulging . this place along with 95 % of other frozen yogurt places are pretty much the same , but with small differences like toppings and flavors . i got the cookies and cream froyo topped with oodles of goodies , like girl scout thin mints , cinnamon toast crunch , yogurt chips , lucky charms , and hot fudge & caramel . i was only disappointed with the jelly belly jelly beans that i put on my froyo that were harder than rocks , but overall i can not complain . the yogurt is delicious , the environment is clean and whimsical and it is overall just a good experience . i urge all to try it - free or not .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have n't been back in a while . i like the layout of the machines , cashier and toppings compared to all other yogurt places who have a line forming against the wall and people stall the process . they keep taster cups prominently out and i tried a few flavors that were new and nothing was popping out.. chochella was a chocolate hazelnut and it was n't even getting a hint of hazelnut and was just bitter chocolate . then i tried peanut butter cup , then orange tart , then vanilla snow , then cake batter . i just took a litte bit of cake batter with some cheesecake bites . i do appreciate they keep the place clean , the staff here is always friendly and even gave me a sticker ( ? ) of their mascot characters . it just was n't doing it with the flavors outside of original tart for me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here earlier for the free froyo . i got the mango froyo w mochi , kiwi , strawberries , and mango . they yogurt is not as good as the yogurt from yogurtland or pinkberry . i gave 3 stars only because it was free .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "munchies is okay , but it does n't hold a candle to yogurtland , imho . on my last visit i could n't find a flavor that i liked . vanilla tasted the best of all of them , and that never happens ! a lot of the flavors taste very artificial . the friends i go there with , though , always pick up a couple of pre-packed quarts to take home , so i guess i 'm in the minority . i 'm not a toppings person , except for an occasional little squirt of fudge , so i ca n't judge or compare those . but menchies is much closer to my house , and i love that they support the community , so i will continue to patronize them .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm glad to be supporting the yiddish community for their froyo creations . is the place original ? no ! is it different than yogurtland or u-swirl ? not really ! so what makes it so special ? the smurf mascot and the generous happy go-lucky owner from hawaii . i like places with a personal touch from the owner . it makes the visit a unique experience . that 's on automatic 1 star bump in ratings in my book . when the owner goes around the table and ask what kind of toppings you would like to see menchie 's carry , that makes people feel special . so what if my request for beef jerky and chilli-pepper as toppings may not make the list , at least chad ( the owner ) took the time to consider my opinion . bravo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was enticed by the free 10oz after 9pm but i was very satisfied and will return again . such a generous offer usually leads to gluttony but i was able to responsibly indulge . i tried my own mixture of cake batter and cookies & cream topped with peanut m & m 's , that more than satisfied my sweet tooth . in addition to having great yogurt and toppings it proved to be a fun place to hangout and enjoy your selection .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3.5 stars . i am personally more of a yogurtland fan . i just think it is more flavorful and more selection . nonetheless , menchie 's definitely can satisfy a craving on a beautiful sunny las vegas day . this location is always very clean , the staff is always friendly , and the topping selection is plenty . i personally enjoy the fresh fruits and mochi , while my toddler daughter prefers the candy options . so , although it is n't my favorite froyo place- there is definitely something for everyone .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they support my daughters school , garehime ! their yogurt is the kind of tasty food that you can use to bribe the under 10 set . i love froyo places because really my kids need a half pull at most and that is all we have to pay for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , i kind of find self serve frozen yogurt shops to be kind of interchangeable . it 's not that they 're good , it 's that they pretty much have the same product and toppings . i am , however , a sucker for the cute , and this place has it in spades . they 've got a good number of flavors , several gluten free , several nonfat flavors as well . you 're bound to find something you 'll like !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ah , menchies ! i really enjoy the yogurt here . i always get tart flavor , so i ca n't really review any of the other ones , but the tart is great ! it 's never too busy in here so that 's nice . the centennial yogurtland is like a daycare nowadays so this is really the only yogurt place i go to . i like that they have a happy hour with 20 % off . they could have more of a topping selection , but , overall , great stuff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the interior deco of this place is fantastic . i feel like a piece of mochi in a colorful cup of froyo when i 'm in here . i love that this place stays open late ( they were open at 8:30 pm ) on sunday evenings . not many places are ... right ? the yogurt is tasty . i do not think they have as many tasty flavors as u-swirl , but how their yogurt setup is a lot better . their topping bins are vertical , so all the toppings are easily accessible . there are only four liquid toppings , but they are in a spray spout , which is super convenient . they have a stamp card and i often find coupons for menchie 's online , most recently at livingsocial.com . p.s . they have a cool chalkboard on the wall to get creative on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great alternative to yogurtland , the location is great ( basically right down the street from the 95 on lake mead ) it 's usually pretty quiet with a great atmosphere and you do n't have to fight the big crowds and screaming kids like you do at yogurtland . the prices are more reasonable and i also think the quality of the product as a whole is better as well as the fruit and toppings are more fresh than yogurtland ! ! so if your on that side of town check it out ! i highly doubt that you will regret it , and if you do , well you probably do n't like yogurt that much anyway , haha ; p", "score": "4"}
{"review": "menchie 's is a really great bargain dessert place -- bargain may connotate the idea of being `` cheap '' without flair , which is not true . it feels like a great time when you 're choosing what flavors and giant scoops of toppings ( gummy bears ! ) you 're going to load into your dish . and it all feels very clean and proper , even with all the service they get with kids . the staff was very bouncy and amusing , which put me in a good mood -- but really , who can be in a bad mood scarfing down a giant gobful of chocolate and gummies ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best place for frozen yogurt in vegas , hands down . i especially enjoy the tart vanilla flavor , as it pairs well with granola peanuts . if you 're looking to escape the vegas heat , stop by and enjoy a refreshing cup of yogurt . the flavors are consistently updated , the store is always kept clean , and the staff is very friendly . plus , they usually have a promotion of some sort going on , which is good marketing . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not to many flavors to choose from compared to others places . i love the set up fpr the toppings . the spoons are cute too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the mochi , the people are friendly . i have n't gone lately but i 'm sure it 's still as good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came back because they give you a frequent eater get fatter card . with my family of 6 we earn one every visit lol . prepped for the rude teens , that did n't change . but learned from one worker that there 's a coupon in the view newspaper for half off ... . better to wait for one of those . red velvet cake flavor was there this time and very tasty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great frozen yogurt with great service ! , good selections of toppings from fresh fruits , cheese cake bites , and to your favorite candy bars . definitely a delight . i would take my whole family there again ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure how to rate this place . it 's just fine for frozen yogurt , but i 'm an ice cream guy and unless i go to the market , there 's not an ice cream joint within five miles of me . i blame this squarely on the health craze that 's taken over . you ca n't get a milkshake or ice cream soda in summerlin or even near it anymore . i leave you with a quote from dylan thomas 's `` under milkwood : '' `` johnny crack and flossie snail always used to say that stout and ale was good for a baby in a milking pail . '' this holds true for ice cream !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great fro-yo , always a place to sit and friendly staff . i love that they allow you to taste the multitude of flavors they have before making your final choice ! like that they have different styles , the honey dew sorbet is light and refreshing and the red velvet is creamy and rich . a chalk board for the kids to leave their imprint on keeps them busy . very reasonably priced , a rewards card for return customers and a great add-on bar .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went in when it was not busy , the girl there was super nice , they has a nice variety of flavors and more than not , were non fat ! yay ! it was pretty delicious , i would have liked to see `` healthier `` toppings '' but the kiwi , strawberries and mochi was sufficient . they had fresh apples and cinnamon and also some nuts and such ... but most were little more kids like toppings , which was fine , it was a nice array and they had some toppings syrups as well . it was a cute place - easy to find , easy to park ... very cute place ! i even got a coupon for buy one get one free next time ! i like that for sure ! theyre also open late ! big plus for out in the summerlin area ! i 'd def recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean , moderately priced and delicious , what more could you want ? the watermelon tart and tart are fantastic- you should be careful they can become an obsession !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here on 12 18 11 with my sister because i had a $ 25 gc that i had won through school to this place . we got two obscenely large yogurts and a whole bunch of lip glosses because this place is almost 20 miles from my house , so i was n't going to drive this far out for another yogurt on my gc . our two yogurts were so big , they cost over $ 12 ! they have a ton of toppings , including lots of yummy boba flavors . they have insane amounts of chocolate goodies . the staff is friendly and the place is bright and clean . i think this place is way better than u-swirl .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "menchies is one of two of my favorite fro yo places . the thing that seperates them from the rest are their fresh waffle bowls . plus its always clean and organized . they have tons of different toppings including fruits and hot toppings like melted marshmallow . they even text you for specials like buy one 10oz and get one for a friend . and 10 ounces is a lot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice frozen yogurt . try the original !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best `` froyo '' in town ! ! this is a longer drive for me to get there . i could easily go a mile to uswirl , but menchie 's is different and i like the cake batter flavor with a little cookies n cream mixed in . top it off with some sprinkles and fresh brownies and you have `` birthday cake in a bowl '' ... .yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good yogurt , a lot of toppings to pick from . but nothing special about this place", "score": "3"}
{"review": "breyana harper was very helpful finding me the right type of jeans . she made my shopping experience much easier . great place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is review is belated however , better late than never ! i was assisted by the lovely and friendly breyana at the ag jeans store in the fashion show mall . she was patient and gave her honest opinion . the jeans i selected are the most comfortable and flattering jeans i own , they give great lift around the booty area and the colour is the perfect shade of blue . i have received nothing but compliments back home in australia . make sure to visit ag jeans and see breyana for assistance !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would not recommend this company at all . when my baseboards were re-installed there were big chunks and nicks taken out of them . i had to pay more and get new ones installed as the owner ( albert ) said his guys did n't do it . after the job was completed i am still asking them for my final receipt or invoice . something as simple as just giving me my paid in full invoice is difficult for this company . i have texted several times to the owner and was told i would have the receipt that day . this has been going on weeks now . i would not recommend this company to anyone ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough nice things about dream design ! bo was the salesman who helped me when i walked in an in the span of 2 weeks has renovated my rental . he helped me pick flooring and cabinets and counters and coordinated the installation . his workmen showed up on time and did very nice work . the house was occupied and the renters had to live without a kitchen for a week , but it was worth it ! the cabinets were half the price quoted by home depot and they are made from plywood , not pressboard , and have soft close drawers and doors ! the doors are solid wood . i 'm so happy i chose them and would recommend this company for anyone thinking of renovating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they did my flooring a few months ago , albert was cool , guys who did my floors were cool , they left some areas with adhesive on them that have been difficult to remove and some of my baseboards were banged up with nicks in them . i wish they had told me about the baseboards on the stairs being an extra cost , just figured they 'd put them back on like they did for the others . overall , not the worst but not the best", "score": "3"}
{"review": "slang meat here for a while , met my love of almost 9 years here , he was a customer , made a great many friends here while working , after being gone 8 years they are still all full of hellos and hugs . a fun place to go on a saturday afternoon , great for people watching and picked up groceries . keep going back peoples ..keep the westside market alive . i love everything about this place..the smells the sounds everything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has been cleveland 's city market from the time it opened eons ago , looooooong before everybody started revamping old buildings to house cool city markets . the west side market is truly old school , with nearly every ethnic tradition represented in its stalls and stands . i love the clock tower , i love the meat vendors , i love the old cleveland ladies getting their particular old country fixings that you know will turn into unreal pierogis or paprikash or dolmas or bolognese or goulash or adobo by nightfall . for an added treat go check out the fantastic art deco bas reliefs on the towers of the nearby carnegie bridge , now renamed the hope memorial bridge . they feature massive wpa carvings representing transportation and industry , and they 're awesome , especially at night , when the city lights all the bridges over the cuyahoga flats .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved loved loved this place ! we walked around and munched on something from one stand , then another , then another ... .bit crowded , but well worth the trip . the building was beautiful and food was awesome ! i wish there was a place like this near us on long island .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visiting west side market was such a fun experience ! so clean and spacious making the experience so enjoyable . i wish i stayed in an airbnb so i could pick up some of the fresh ingredients and make my yelp friend cook for me . but they do have some ready to eat snacks , desserts and more for immediate enjoyment . and seriously , free parking ? ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "holy pierogi batman this place is awesome ! a historic building full of farm-fresh veggies , bread , and meat . and we 're not just talking your supermarket selection , there is everything . westside market is choice and variety on steroids . another great thing is that by shopping here you feel like you are directly contributing to the cleveland economy . these are local growers , suppliers and shops . since lebron is gone we all have to pull our weight around here . so to did my part i bought homemade garlic fettuccine pasta , six varieties of pierogies , gourmet karamel korn , fresh strawberries ( in november ) , a cannoli , and cilantro lime chicken sausage . it was all fantastic and delicious ! i will be back again and again and again ! next time i need to take a cooler . the stands do take credit card but there is a $ 10 minimum order . i would just take cash , makes it easier .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great destination for fresh fruit , vegetables , and meats and people watching . this place is a zoo on saturdays . the parking lot after 11am is worse than a mall parking lot at the holidays . get there early in the morning ! i like to go on wednesday and friday when it 's less hectic . my fave places are the pierogi palace , ohio city pasta , j and j meats , the mexican counter , and as much as i would like to say the gyro place , the damn line has been too long and i do n't have the patience to wait in it ! bring a cooler on wheels if you plan to make a few big purchases and keep them cold .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the only place to food shop . i usually skip the fruit because it 's always molded . veggies are on point though . it 's pretty expensive for some things sure but i know i 'm getting high quality stuff so it 's worth it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely loveeeeeee this place ! it reminds me so much of home ( nyc ) . the sights , the sounds , the smells , everything i legit just love it here . all the vendors i 've come across ( i 'm pretty sure it 's all of them ) are so nice and friendly . my most favorite place is dionne 's meats , it 's in the center , they have the most delicious assortment of wings and ready to cook meats ! makes dinner so easy for me . between asian food and middle eastern , to italian and baked goods , it 's heaven here ! most places are cash only so bring some along otherwise enjoy the vendors and the amazing fruit market right outside ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always enjoy my visits to the west side market . so much variety here . lots of places to choose to your produce , meats and cheese among other things . prices are nice and you can haggle sometimes if that 's your cup of tea . like other people have mentioned about the produce . i would just get what you need for the next few days it may start to go bad . it may have something to do with the vendors selling produce at the peak of ripeness . really nice vendors here and i love how helpful they are . a nice place to take the family to explore and shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a great spot . coming from philadelphia and having reading terminal i was hoping that this would be similar . and it is ... it does n't have the size that reading has , but definitely the character . the fruit vendors are my favorite part . they love to haggle with you and if you do the right , you leave with a ton of fruit for little money . now on to the main area of the market . we have never had a bad experience with the bread or meats these guys sell . some are organic , some are the same quality you find at heinens or whole foods but generally the same price if not cheaper . also the prepared foods for lunch are great . always a good meal . we enjoy every trip-wish it was on the east side though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has everything you could possibly need for to create a fresh app , entree , and or dessert . awesome historic atmosphere makes it feel like you 're stepping back a few decades to when people shopped at local vendors markets as opposed to giant grocery stores . make sure to go to the 2nd floor for views of the building that are second to none . even better , grab a crepe & coffee right in front of the staircase and enjoy those with the good views ; you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's great to shop at the west side market , but parking is terrible when they 're open . i love the building and the old style vendor booths , and the food , but anymore due to the lousy traffic flow at the lot and the crush of traffic trying to fit into it , i do n't make it there very much anymore .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ca n't get over this place ! it 's like a farmer 's market gone mad in all the best ways . people rushing around , vendors yelling and pushing their goods . it 's beautiful ! and the wonderful smells ! there are so many different vendors and stalls to visit and choose from - i could easily spend an entire day here . and it 's the perfect place for people-watching . ( unfortunately , i only had about half an hour to visit while in the city today ... but i will be back ! ) i grabbed about three bags full of vegetables , kimchi , hummus , and probably the freshest steaks i have seen . the vendor said they had been butchered just that morning . ( now that 's fresh ! ) it 's a long way from home to go grocery shopping ... but every time i visit the city , i 'm there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the west side market is one of the highlights of the cleveland area . there 's something for every ethnicity and taste . you 'll have to visit repeatedly to get to know your personal favorite vendors . it 's very busy so carts or strollers could be tough to navigate in the aisles . parking is free but limited , so expect to circle the lot unless you come very early in the day . open monday , wednesday , friday , and saturdays .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fresh and cheap ! came here on a saturday , so expected to have some difficulty parking , but aside from that ... it 's an experience ! love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "`` how can you have lived in cleveland for so long and never have been to the westside market ? ! '' is a question i find myself asking waay too many clevelanders , this is essentially a fruit and vegetable , meats , breads , and tasty delights market located in the west side ( duh ... ) of cleveland . great and inexpensive vegetables ( 35 bucks buys a weeks worth for two ravenous 20-somthing year olds ) , the best quality breads and meats , great dairy , and oh-so-good treats ! this place has maha 's falafels - the best in the us , steve 's ( or is it nicks ? ) gyros - they 've been featured in numerous food networks , ohio city pasta ... and much much more ! ! if you 've never been to the west side market ... i suggest you plan on making a trip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! west side market has all kind of vendors and stands to choose from whatever you are looking for . fresh vegetables , meat , baked goods . you will love it here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a wonderful place to spend a saturday morning . love the veggies and fruits there . the crepe shop has some amazing crepes to choose from . just loved it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mmmm , the west side market . let me count the ways in which i love you . i grew up on the east side of town , and the idea of travelling all the way to the wsm was daunting to say the least . now that i 'm a westsider , it 's amazing to me that i can hop on a train for about 15 minutes and enjoy some of the most delictable treats one could imagine . i 'm not a big cook , so the meats , produce , and what not are not really my thing . i like to look , but do n't buy . however , the prepared items are to die for . crepes de'luxe is by far my favorite . i always get the nutella and banana crepe , and my friends go for the savory ones . so delish ! i love that you can walk up to the top and enjoy your food and people watch . i honestly think that 's the best part . do n't go hungry though , or you 're in serious trouble !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a great place ! if you need to buy meat , produce , pasta , bread , etc. , this is the place ! the building is so beautiful and the selection of specialty foods is really nice ! i do wish the main building was air conditioned though . it was 85 degrees today with 90 % humidity , and the droves of people inside made it really uncomfortable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love supporting the local businesses . great variety and quality at each vendor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere and a cleveland institution housed in a historic building .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great market wish great fresh food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love going here for fruits and vegetables and you ca n't beat their prices ! the meat market is also amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i crashed in cleveland for a night and i assumed i would n't really find much to do . i 'm so glad i came across the west side market , i loved it ! ! ! ! i left with both arms full of fresh produce , baked goods , food and spices . and everything was so reasonable ! ! ! wish we had something like that in chicago .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we popped in right before closing time while visiting cleveland because we 'd read good things . for a local , i could see this place being amazing . tons of meat , fruit , veggies , cheeses , etc . on sale at great prices . as we arrived , the shops were all closing up for the day . i was kind of bummed . i would have loved to purchase some tasty treats , but i knew the meat probably would n't sit well unrefrigerated on the drive home to chicago . if you 're a local , do n't miss out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you can survive the hunt for parking on a saturday morning , and are vegetarian or vegan , get some judy 's oasis hummus and vegan fudge . bring cash or be ready to buy $ 10 worth of stuff at each stall to meet the minimum . cashless , i sadly had to pass by the pizza bagel stand . but i 'm comin back for you bagels . be ready and delicious when i do . visiting while hungover is not recommended . too many people . too long of lines , and too many hunks of meat around every corner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love it ! i really enjoy the mix of cuisines , vendors , and foods . just had some delicious red snapper i purchased at the wsm and prepared at home . am now cooking some black beans and ham hocks for tomorrow 's dinner . i loaded up on cheeses and charcuterie while there . fruits and vegetables are much more fresh and at better prices than local supermarket . new to the area , but will be back often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to enjoy fresh meats , cheeses , and people watching . sometimes i swing by for lunch to grab a falafel . so good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if the meat you want or the veggie you need , is n't here then you wo n't find it anywhere . it 's an amazing experience to shop at the west side market .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fresh ! i fell in love with this provolone salami bread that was spicy -- -perfect breakfast . the falafel joint made delicious wraps . i wish i had gone here earlier as the line at steve 's gyros was long and they ran out of meats !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the west side market ! try to go during the week , as saturdays are hellishly busy and parking is a nightmare . fruit stands are always fresh , and are marked down as the day goes on . there 's a great cambodian stand inside that i always make sure to frequent . everyone should experience the west side market once !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "make sure to stop by the european grocery tucked in the corner of the main building ! aside from the european fare , they also have a huge variety of affordably priced dried goods .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the wsm . it is a piece of my childhood and i will pass that down the my daughter . it is a must experience for everyone who lives or is visiting the greater cleveland area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . great place . crepes were the best . had the cbc wife had brisket and cheddar . fantastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far one of the best markets i have ever been . everything is so reasonably prices and such a wide selection ! i love stocking up on fresh produce from local farms and i try to get something new each time i visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's the top market in the country . beats philly and san francisco as far as quality of what you can purchase and international ethnic cuisine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love coming down to the westside markert with family and friends . wish there was a nice picnic table area to sit down and actually eat . the side lot between the main bldg and the fruit and veggies where there are benches is just not enough . plus those pigeons . ) : i really think people would buy more if there was a nice place to sit with a table . the upstairs is not great for older people or disabled people . plus no tables . build a nice area for dining . does not have to be fancy . just clean and comfy . so much is great in cleveland , let 's make it even greater !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was a pretty typical market in a very cool building . mostly meats , fruits and veggies . a few unique vendors but was only passing through so was n't really shopping . did try a smoked sausage sandwich from franks which was good . also bought some bacon jerky from one of the vendors - it was good but some cuts were basically all fat ( i would recommend asking specifically ) . if i were staying in cleveland longer , this place would definitely be a stop for some fresh items .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you live in ne ohio you had better of been to the west side market or you are missing out on a serious piece of cleveland history ! ! ! it seems to be more and more crowded every time i come here which is good for business but bad to move around in here quickly ! ! ! you must get a brat and go up to the top to people watch , it is the best view in the place ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first visit today just for a polish change . ..def does n't look like a professional job ... see pictures upload", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am a true stickler , edges have to be soft , and the fill in has to be filled in on the sides , etc . the guy i usually see is too far so i was looking for someone new . after reading the review , i knew i had to go . i saw , kevin for my fill in and ti for my amazing pedicure . the customer service that i received was great ! both kevin and ti are very nice and welcoming . i am coming back in two weeks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice hideaway location ( next to hobby lobby ) . the mani & ped\u00ed were on point . no wait during the week . very nice staff and good treatment . no longer driving into uptown for more expensive services .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best place for manicures and pedicures ! they offer wonderful refreshments , my favorite are the mimosas ! the staff is very attentive to you & i love to engage in conversation with them ! my go to place ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been driving from uptown for years now just to get my nails done here . selena and kevin are the best around and my acrylics last forever ! never fall off and very fair prices . they have been there through it all for me like family ! i highly recommend nail max , no matter how far the drive : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here couple of weeks ago . i got a gel manicure for $ 30 . it was my 1st time being there and getting a gel manicure . i 'm very picky to where i go . i thought they have done a good job . the next day i realize i still had dead skin plus she did n't paint my nails well . she also did n't file my nails right that same night i had to file them myself . they are all very nice in there , but i did n't like the ladies job done on me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "definitely the best pedicure i 've had in a really long time . great customer service , and a very thorough job on my feet . this was my first time here and i definitely plan on coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the fact that you can schedule appointments online ( 24 hrs in advance ) , makes it fast & easy ! andy has been doing my nails for almost a year , so when he switches salons , i jumped ship too ! he 's the best , he takes his time & if you mess a nail up a few days later , he does n't mind fixing it . the place was gorgeous , affordable prices & they offer mimosas ( my fav ) ! i highly recommend this place & ask for andy or thaly ! they both do amazing work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to this place for the longest . customer service is always on point , they 're always friendly . not to mention their shop looks incredible , as well as having a wide variety of colors and drinks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time at this nail salon , was recommended by co-workers . i did n't get the name of the girl who did my nails but my manicure and pedi was done very well . i will be going back again soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bleh . girl totally ignored my request not to file and basically filed the gel off of my nails with the manager watching this technique . does anyone know where kathy went ? ? ? ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "desperate for any bit of pampering during my last month of pregnancy , i popped into barefoot for a pedicure . let 's be honest , i could n't see my feet past my bump anyways ! i was pleasantly surprised in spite of the strip mall location in matthews . however , it makes for very easy parking when you have to waddle in . the selection of polishes is fantastic and they are in the midst of major renovations so all of the chairs are brand spanking new which means the massage features all work great . barefoot was incredibly clean inside and you could see the autoclave machine being used as well as fresh towels being carried out . they offer beverage service including mimosas with fresh strawberries . the pricing was very reasonable . $ 15 will get you a basic pedicure but there are add one packages with things like paraffin dips or cooling lotions for $ 30 to $ 45 . the technicians are also all super friendly and easy to chat with . my pedicure lasted a solid three weeks and it was not a gel based one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love coming here . they always do a great job ! ! ! every time i visit , i always walk out with beautiful nails and fully relaxed . as a single mother , the price is affordable and the time is well spent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time in this salon and i will definitely be back ! i received one of the best pedicures i 've had in a very long time , thorough and relaxing . the interior was spacious and clean . i wo n't hesitate to recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after reading the earlier review i was a bit skeptical about using lannick but i have to say that overall i was highly impressed with the result . a lannick recruiter reached out to me last month while i was working late at a ca firm and the timing could not have been better . they brought me in to discuss a role , set me up for interviews at a company i 've always wanted to work for , coached me on what to say , and i got the job ! yay me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "j'ai mang\u00e9 dans ce pub irlandais l'un des meilleurs fish and chips que j'ai eu l'occasion de d\u00e9guster . le bar offre un nombre impressionnant de bi\u00e8res en f\u00fbt , qui ne se limite pas aux bi\u00e8res irlandaises . cependant , c'est le choix en mati\u00e8re de whisky qui m'a le plus frapp\u00e9 . outre le redondant jameson , qu'on retrouve partout du reste , on propose ici de nombreux whisky irlandais plus raffin\u00e9s , comme le connemara , disponible en 12 ans et m\u00eame en 18 ans . authentique , ce pub en vaut vraiment le d\u00e9tour .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "typical irish pub , with a couple of screens so we can watch our habs games . bands are playing live too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "il y a longtemps que je n'ai pas mis les pieds au o'reagan , mais j'adore l'endroit pour les petits bands \u00ablive\u00bb et la bonne bi\u00e8re . l'ambiance y est fort agr\u00e9able et la nourriture est bonne \u00e9galement .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's only been two days since i saw jennifer for an extraction microderm abrasion light peel . she was so straight forward and informative , yet super friendly ! by the time i left the appointment i felt a great connection with her and ca n't wait for another appointment . p.s . gave me her personal cell number in case i had immediate questions . who does that ? so great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ahem , well -- i suppose i should throw in a review from a guy 's perspective . it would seem that i am about to admit to getting procedures that most men would n't dare , but i 'm willing to risk my manliness because jennifer 's just that good ! i regularly receive skin treatments from her as well as a little bit of wax here and there . you know - to avoid albert einstein-esque eyebrows . ( i totally just admitted that , did n't i ? ! ? ! ) my skin has a tendency to be sensitive , and i have had issues with treatments from other aestheticians causing break-outs on my skin . jennifer 's clear mastery of her craft can be reflected in the fact that my skin always looks perfect after a treatment . she is eternally professional , courteous , and her effervescent personality make it easy to recommend her to anyone seeking skin-care services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jennifer swink has been doing my facials microderms dermaplaning for years . she is the best . she really knows what she is doing . give her a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes , it 's all true what 's been said about jennifer . she is that fantastic and definitely knows skincare . i 've had two treatments done with her and am looking forward to going back to her on a regular basis . i have finally found my official esthetician . her prices are reasonable , her treatments work ( none of that extra fruffy stuff i do n't need ) , and best of all she 's not a product pusher . though with her wealth of knowledge on skin care products , i could n't help but ask her opinion on things . i love that she gives me honest answers about skin care lines . basically , if you 're looking for an honest person who will help you achieve great results with your skin , go see jennifer . i 'm so glad that she 's here in the valley !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "celebrity skin is by far the best way to treat your skin if you are looking to get a good care of your skin jennifer is really getting into what your skin needs the most . her services is less like a spa facial where they usually only apply mask and massage your shoulder for a while . at celebrity skin if you concerned about acne , skin texture , wrinkles and more you will get the right treatment that will deliver the result expected . from facial chemical peel to even out your skin to eclipse micro pen technology for retexturing , microdermabrasion and so much more . jennifer is so sweet and great to work with that always get into the source of your needs . if your in town and seeking to improve the appearance of your face this is the place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jennifer is your skin 's concierge . she is an educated expert and knows just how to treat your skin , no matter what your age or skin type . she is compassionate , friendly and professional . i have dry skin that can be sensitive . jen knows exactly what my skin needs and how it will respond . she has helped even my skin-tone , fade dark spots , and add a youthful glow with her treatments . jennifer is incredibly knowledgeable and she knows everything there is to know about the and the elements and physical circumstances that impact out skin , such as : age , hormones , diet , medications , sun , heat - you name it . she is flexible with your schedule , yet always prompt and on time for your appointment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "before i started seeing jennifer i had terrible cystic acne on my cheeks and more mild and scattered acne around my chin . i started seeing her last december in hopes to have a fresh face for my march wedding . by march my face was flawless and my wedding photos were perfect . i have continued to visit her for monthly facials and my skin is so buttery and soft now . i do n't remember the last time i had a real cystic pimple , the skin tone has evened out dramatically , and i get compliments now on my skin all of the time . jennifer does not just offer services , she is a skin care expert and is always eager to share her knowledge whenever i have questions about dryness , products , diet , etc . she definitely knows her work and knows skin ! not to mention , the products she uses are amazing and i am addicted to the rhonda allison and skinceuticals lines now ! if you are looking for a skin magician ... you found her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love coming to jennifer . my skin has been at its best with the microneedling treatments , acne facial and products she has recommended me . i highly recommend seeing her for your skin needs . we are only 3 treatments in and i can see a difference and still seeing my skin improve.if i could take her with me everywhere i would ! lol she really talks you through what might be beat for your skin and tries to work with your schedule .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to jennifer for the first time a little over a week ago . i have had acne and scarring for as long as i can remember . i have tried everything under the sun . she really took the time to explain root causes of acne and simple lifestyle changes to get your skin on track . she is so thorough ! she started with cleansing my skin , extractions , microdermabrasion , and a light chemical peel , etc . she made a small adjustment to my products ( huge difference ) and sent me on my way . a little over a week later i can not believe my skin . i ca n't stop looking at it ... and i used to avoid mirrors because of my problem skin . her reviews said she is the best . well , they were n't kidding . thank you , thank you , thank you . i ca n't wait for my next visit . go see her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "celebrity skin knows their stuff ! i love going there . if you 're looking to treat yourself or just keep up your beautiful complexion . get yourself a nice micro-dermabrasion from celebrity skin . : ) these ladies know their stuff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been seeing jennifer for about a year now . love her ! she is down to earth and very knowledgeable about the skin . she never tries to upsale me or pressure me to do anything that i am not comfortable with . my acne has greatly improved since i have been seeing her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so happy with my skin ! i had microbrasion and a peel from jennifer and the results are wonderful . jennifer is very personable and took her time explaining what she thought would be the best skin procedure for me . she is a true professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! ! ! jennifer thank you , thank you . i had seen so many estheticians over the years and had so much done to my poor acne prone face . she is a powerhouse . treatment is quick and efficient . i love her approach and treating with peels . she gets extra points as well : i was going to la for an elite modeling job and was stressed to the nines . lone behold my forehead began breaking out . i texted her and she magically had time to let me come in so she could `` zap '' the zits , on a friday , before i left town . which worked ! my skin was glowing , and the next day you could n't even tell i had a blemish there . go see her ! you wo n't regret it ! she is honest , helpful , caring and does n't push you to buy products unless she legitimately thinks it will help your skin . i also love just chatting with her , she is an inspiration to me and really witty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred to jennifer swink by a girlfriend who i thought had had a `` little work done '' . when i asked what she had done , she told me about jennifer . i scheduled an appointment and jennifer did a microplane and chemical peel . i followed up the next month with microdermabrasion and and another peel . i have been seeing her once a month ever since . my skin has not looked this good in years - it has been 10 years since i have been able to leave the house without foundation but i now can ! my skin is fresh looking , smooth without the red blotchiness we get as we age - and i have lost those unsightly white bumps and blackheads . i have also seen an improvement in brown spots . i am now the one people ask if i have had a `` little something done '' . and did i mention that she is in a beautiful facitlity but has amazingly reasonable prices ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jennifer is amazing . i would recommend her to anyone ! even after my first appointment i saw dramatic improvements , some problems even went away completely ! this is not a foo-foo facial.. she does work ! i am so happy to have found someone that 's a fair price and who will actually improve my skin . she 's very friendly and knowledgeable , i have enjoyed every appointment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very impressed with jennifer 's knowledge and skilled technique . this was my first time ever ( at almost 50 yes old , ) to receive these type of services . after consulting with me about my skin care goals and evaluating my skin , jennifer performed extractions , microdermabrasion , dermaplaning , and a light chemical peel . being the chicken i am , i was worried about how all this would feel , but she was a quick and expert hand . i was never too uncomfortable and the experience was impressive . i seed results on my face already . i will definitely go back for more treatments .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worth every single penny and then some ! jennifer truly is an expert ! she took the time to review all the products i was using and suggest some changes based on my budget . she did n't push me to purchase anything , but i did end up getting three products which i love . i am getting married in less than two months and was panicking over my broken out skin . it 's been two weeks since my facial and i look like a different person ! i 'm using less product and having way better results . i wish i had taken a before picture because words ca n't describe how happy i am with the changes i 'm already seeing . i would highly recommend her to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "celebrity skin is amazing ! i could n't be happier . i came in for a dermabrasion . i 've had them before from other places but jen was amazing . the room was clean and relaxing . i did n't want to leave after it was done . highly recommended ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jennifer is beyond wonderful ! literally , after just one visit , i became hooked - so obsessed ! immediately after leaving my appointment , i scheduled another and have referred her to all of my friends . in fact , my mother is coming in next week ! jennifer is the most knowledgeable person that i have ever met when it comes to skincare , products , and health . i can honestly say that meeting with her for one single visit taught me more than my dermatologist ever could . she truly cares about her clients . she is meticulous and a perfectionist , which i greatly appreciate because i am the same exact way . if i could , i would seriously come back every single week . she is that amazing . i can not recommend her enough ! ! : ) : ) : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently moved back to scottsdale and was looking for a new esthetician . i did a little research online and came across celebrity skin . they have impeccable reviews with multiple satisfied customers , so i decided to schedule an appointment . just to clarify , there are two jennifers so it can get a bit confusing . jennifer s. ( the owner ) , and jennifer f. jennifer f was available on the day and time that was convenient for me so i decided to schedule with her . i could not be happier with the service ! she was so meticulous , knowledgable and took time to understand my skins needs and concerns . i 'm so happy it only took me one attempt to find my new esthetician .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to jennifer for over 10 years now . i have recommended her several times to my friends , as she is the best . she is a wealth of knowledge , and always seems to know exactly what is best for my skin needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jennifer swink is an incredible estitician . before i met jennifer , i suffered from oily skin , breakouts , large pores , fine lines and uneven skin tones . flash forward a year later , my skin has never looked better . it 's amazing after one treatment i could see the difference in my skin tone . i was hooked after the first visit . not only is she the best as what she does , but she is really a pleasure to be around ... which comes in very handy during extractions . i highly recommend celebrity skin !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the unprofessional staff ( secretaries ) of jorge corrals office do n't even know how to answer the phone properly ! # 1take all your staff to get a course on how to have good and appropiate customer service ( unless to answer phone calls ) . # 2 instruct your staff on keeping their word when they say they will return call backs on time ! # 3 if you care about your business be on top of your business ! not letting ignorant people ( staff ) destroy your reputation ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a total 0 stars ! this `` law office '' is everything you would expect from a shady , unprofessional , deceiving , money hungry , money driven lawyer . i ca n't even remember how many times the office moved to different locations while i was being represented by them . mr. corral will never deal with you directly ( once he gets you to sign , he will never be available , you will deal with secretaries or paralegals . this guy did absolutely nothing for me but he definitely charged me for his so-called `` services . '' stay waaaay away ! total scam !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this law office has been extremely uncommunicative and unprofessional . my case is on-going with them and it seems pointless to switch now but i would warn anyone looking for legal representation to look elsewhere . elvia , the paralegal for my case , never returns phone calls , is rude on the phone and does n't explain anything clearly . i have only spoken with jorge corral himself at the initial meeting and once before they were sending my case to the insurance company ( we were rear-ended . ) terrible experience , not good people , find another lawyer ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i agree with all this reviews , this office is very very unprofessional and it 's hard to get a hold of them they never call you back if you want to know about your case you must call and call and if you lucky enough they will returned your calls . it 's been a year since they have my case.. i been trying to get a hold of them for the past two months and still no answer , not to mention that jorge moved his reno office to las vegas with out notice and when i showed up to their office to check the status of my case that office was empty . once again very unprofessional , i 'm very unhappy with his job services .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "from the very beginning they where there very helpful , kind , and caring before i even signed any paperwork . my case is still ongoing . i 've had several meetings with jorge and another attorney they have always kept me informed and in the loop . they answer any questions i have quickly and effectively . mirna is the best she is in constant contact with me giving me updates . i never have a difficult time getting in touch with mirna if she 's not in or unavailable at the moment she always returns my call before the end of the day . i did n't know what to expect after being in an accident but they have made it easier to deal with ! i am thankful to have mirna and jorge on my side i know they have my back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was n't happy with them they took a long time to get back with will not send anybody over there and they close early on fridays", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok gym with good promotions . sadly the manager was stubborn and inflexible when i was trying to cash in my groupon . there are just too many options for gyms out there to have managers pass on good customer service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the lady at the front desk is nice , and i love the classes ( especially legs , bums , and tums ) , but the free personal training session was mediocre . i met with a male fitness trainer who mocked my half push-up ( said it `` was n't a real push-up , it was nothing '' ) . i was taught this half push-up from a previous female fitness trainer & looked it up on youtube after only to see that this is a perfectly acceptable push-up for beginners attempting to transition to a real push-up . i know i 'm fairly weak , but an encouraging attitude would n't hurt . and he was really unfriendly too , so watch who you get , and i would say if possible , stick to the classes .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "positive : the machines were great for cardio with your own tv and fan built in to keep you cool . the staff is pretty nice for the most part . negative : i had a groupon to try it out and the 2 free personal training sessions are not actual personal training sessions - they are the typical session you get for free when joining any gym . very misleading . the change rooms are small and kind of gross . the layout is inconvenient . a gym is a gym , but it does not have the professional atmosphere of some of the larger gyms .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i switched over to wynn fitness on the esplanade from goodlife 2 years ago . i like the smaller , boutique , feel of the gym . i 've been before and after work and never seen it as busy as goodlife . in the mornings , there are usually only 1 or 2 other females in the change room getting ready for work at 8am . quite the contrast from waiting in line for showers , hairdryers and mirror space at the goodlife i used to go to ! they have lots of equipment , staff are friendly and the place is kept very clean . i would say i do miss some of the classes at goodlife - with a much larger gym they obviously run classes more frequently and have more variety but at wynn you do n't feel squished and overcrowded in the classes . for the past 2 years i do personal training with terrance twice a week . that 's where wynn really beats any goodlife i went to . terrence is always punctual , pleasant and give me a good variety of exercises .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far the best gym i have ever had a long term membership with in toronto that i actually love and wake up everyday looking forward to go working out to ! it is so clean and well maintained , the people are nice , the equipment is top notch , the people that come here are all very respectful of each other and you never feel out of place . love that there are multiple section where to work out and every time seem you are in a different gym and you also have so much privacy between one equipment and another . the music is nice and upstairs where the classes are held i love the glass ceiling , really gives an open space concept that overlooks a courtyard with plants and flowers where people that leave in the building next door go there to hang out , relax and read a book . i really recommend this place , at least give it a try i think they have 1 week pass membership and they give you a starbucks beverage for free on top of that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wynn fitness is a pretty good gym , it 's close to my place and has all equipment needed for a good work out . they also have group classes that i like to attend . also , the staff is pretty helpful . stephen berry helped set me up and get me started . he was very helpful . i recommend this gym for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this location located right in the heart of st. lawrence market area . it 's a great facility , they offer a vast variety of machines , it 's always clean & the staff is always friendly `` hey shay `` ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the gym used to be good but it 's been over a year now that almost every elliptical has issues from tv not working to fan not blowing or peddling makes loud noises . many of the cardio machines have issues and do n't seem to be fixed . please fix your equipment as there 's many other gym with equipment that work properly in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i signed up 6 years ago for wynnfitness and used it for a few months . i am now getting text message promotions that i never consented to twice a month and if i text back to opt out it strongly implies i will be charged . not wanting to incur a charge for something i never opted into in the first place i called wynnfitness 5 times and a manager can never be reached . i also recall when they take you into the consultation they try to push a year 6 month membership and show you the monthly cost , but they try to mislead that the monthly cost is spread over a year . i never fell for this , but they try to misdirect you by taking fast and moving along to get you to sign .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "1.do not be fooled by their 14 day free trial . enable for you to get it you must sign-up with them and become their member . 2.the membership cost which is around $ 50-60 per month is not worth it because the gym is quite small . 3 . i complained about their sales representative and the manager will only tell you to pay 75 % of the contract if you want to cancel . 4 . do not give any of your family members or friends info to them , because they will pursue them to join .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am happy to write a positive review for this gym . i have been around many fitness centers in my time and i can honestly 100 % endorse wynn as a top notch facility and organization . the esplanade location is very clean with all the equipment you 'd want from a modern day health club . the staff is very friendly and this gym puts a big emphasis on being customer driven . i felt that they were more concerned with meeting me personal training needs then trying to sell me on memberships and upgrades . they also have a very good variety of membership options so that you do not feel `` locked in '' . jag took care of my membership and it could not have been an easier process . in a world full of big box gyms , wynn 's customer service approach sets them apart !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you go to this location for a new phone plan you must ask for mike with sprint ! very professional and beyond helpful !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "although i live in the west park area i frequent this rad shack location based on their phenomenal customer service . i am not dissing any other of their locations , i just have never had a reason to go anywhere else for phones , accessories , etc.. the latest example was when i called to see if a phone was in stock , that i was going to purchase for my sons birthday gift . the gentleman on the phone informed me they were getting a shipment the next day . i happened to be in the area 2 days later and stopped in . well turns out they had already sold all of the newly delivered ones , except for the one they set aside , just in case i came in . i never requested them to hold one . super cool ! another time when buying a phone the manager gave me a crazy deal on a very good pair of headphones . in atleast 10 years of going there and never expecting anything but friendly service i have also saved money and hassle . m m", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff at this location are 100 % better than those at the strongsville ( southpark mall ) one .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the boardroom is in the same uptown building where i work so it is very convenient for me to patronize . and thankfully their food is really good for the money ! i mostly come here for the breakfast where they offer healthy and traditionally fattening items like bacon , sausage and eggs . the bad part is that i go down for oatmeal and leave with their breakfast burrito because it 's so damned good ... ..especially their chipotle sauce ! they have a cafeteria style lunch counter but offer many sandwiches as well , including burgers and fries . their philly is really good . for lunch try thier lamb curry or meatballs meatloaf . all very good ! the lovely owners are indian so that 's why their curry specials are always delicious ! overall this is quite the breakfast and lunchspot gem , especially if you work in uptown !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fabulous lunch spot to try if you 're working uptown . this is tucked away ( literally , you have to search for it ) within the shaw building which you can enter in through the lobby or through the back dining area . they have everything you could want ranging from breakfast to lunch items . they offer full breakfasts including eggs , meat , taters and bread for under $ 5 and lots of lunch items like wraps , paninis , salads , burgers and such . stay to eat inside , they have a huge dining area with lots of tv 's within view or you can carry out . the boardroom is one of those places i go to when i need something to eat but have no clue what i want and know i will find something there since they offer everything . i ca n't suggest anything in particular and do n't think they 're famous for a specific item but i 've never been disappointed by the boardroom and that keeps me loyal to them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to go to the boardroom about a once a week . menu with a great variety of options , from sandwiches to salads and a hot station that typically offers two - three dish options with an abundance of sides and your choice of cornbread or a biscuit . i decided to venture in a few weeks ago and the place was practically empty , not the crowd it used to be . after looking at the hot options , a fish , covered in a red sauce , spaghetti and meatballs , that looked like they were prepared the night before , and some meat , not sure what , i decided i would pass and order a sandwich . it was okay , but overall the staff was n't too friendly and the atmosphere is definitely outdated with a somewhat disorganized seating area . i wish it was as good as i remebered , but probably not somewhere i would return again . sorry ; - (", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have worked in the first citizen building for years now , and i get breakfast from these wonderful people every single day . the eggs are always fluffy , and the breakfast meats are perfectly cooked . now lets talk lunch ... .oh my , i can honestly say that they have some of my favorite real homemade food in charlotte . if you like okra , you have to try it when they have it as a side dish . i could eat bowls of it ! another favorite is their coconut chicken ! no matter what you get here , there is so much love in every dish ! on top of that , everyone who works here is so nice , you also leave with a friendship ! thank you for all of the tasty meals , boardroom !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to the boardroom several times for workday breakfast because it is right next door to my office . the breakfast is very inexpensive and you get a lot for your money . i have gotten the breakfast platter before with eggs , bacon , grits , etc , and you get so much food . i also really enjoy the bacon egg and cheese paninis . you can easily score a great breakfast for under $ 5 . it is greasy spoon type food so do n't expect anything fancy . it is kind of dingy inside and can be difficult to find if you 've never been .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they are very convenient because i work right next door ... the ( i think they 're the owners ) are very nice and personable ... nice people ... . i go over almost every morning to get my grits and eggs .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "inexpensive , for more expensive items , they are reasonably priced . just awesome for the quality of food . the fried rice , i do have to say is indian style not chinese style , which i could work with . i do take out almost daily and buy the food ahead for dinner time . that should speak volumes of how much i enjoy their food . it 's not for everyone i suppose as there are some in my office who prefer this place over others . their breakfast is god sent , very good quality and make to go on the spot , i love their lamb and their beef stew . my favorite sides are fried okra and cabbage . love love this place . owner 's wife is also very nice to me . i love talking to their entire family and staff ! ! ! highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here a handful of times for breakfast , and it 's always been good . today did not disappoint . the boardroom has a cafeteria style line you order from ... i always end up getting the breakfast special : eggs , potatoes or grits , choice of meat , and choice of bread . one heck of a value for $ 4.79 ! a little hard to find , but worth it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best place in charlotte ! i have worked in uptown charlotte over three years now and have been going to the boardroom all this time ! literally , i am there twice a day almost every day ! you can get hot entrees with so many different sides to choose from to sandwiches , wraps , salads , anything you want made to order ! full breakfast with so many choices , too many to list here ! omelets made to order . the staff is excellent ! very friendly and relaxing atmosphere , giving you a chance to unwind away from the work place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would suggest if you do happen to go here ask if things are spicy . i had to throw my `` to go '' meal away because what i thought was regular fish , was so spicy i could n't eat it . could n't bring it back , cause we were on the road .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was not impressed with all the food offered on the hot buffet . specially the side veggies which were over cooked , mushy and flavorless . the mac and cheese should be called `` boiled noodles in grey sauce and no cheese '' . it was disgusting and a regretted choice . my friends order off the menu , the salmon special and they loved the salmon but we 're not impressed with their sides either . the service was great and pretty fast ( i guess b c we came early but when we left at 12:45 , there was no rush of lunch patrons ) . my guess is this place is a good breakfast spot ( hard to mess up breakfast ) and was a good lunch spot back in the day ( the hot bar that is ) . i 'll come back and order a deli item .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place ! family owned and operated . they have all styles of food american , indian , asian etc , not to mention very affordable . buffet style or made to order food . their breakfast is wonderful and their location is convenient by foot for anyone in uptown . check them out in the first citizens building off of tryon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has a little bit of everything . nice place to go and hang out for a little without a ridiculous line or feeling like you 're rushed to give up your seat . it 's never super busy but always has a solid flow that seem to be regulars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really wanted to like this place but it was really pretty bad . there are many options so perhaps we just ordered all the wrong things . we got a tuna salad wrap , a cheeseburger , and potato salad , mac and cheese and mashed potatoes for the sides . i 'm so glad i got the mashed potatoes because it was the only side that i could eat . the potato salad was downright wierd . it had a really strange flavor and i could n't eat more than one bit . the mac and cheese consisted of overcooked pasta and a pretty gross yellow cheese that tasted very processed . the mashed potatoes were n't particularly good but there was nothing neccessarily wrong with them . i would say the same for the tuna wrap . it was below average but not neccessarily bad . i think my friend would say the same for the cheeseburger . at least it 's a local option and there are many choices . i would just suggest that you have low expectations .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went here for lunch today because i wanted to try something new instead of settling for the usual . thanks to yelp , i found the perfect place to get great meals for under 10 dollars . it took me like 3 minutes to decide on my order . the menu is that huge . they offer so much , it 'll make your head spin . great food overall at great prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend bijin aesthetics ! zana is knowledgeable , compassionate , and highly skilled . she has the ability to analyze your skin care needs and address them appropriately . i have been going to zana for over 12 years and will never go anywhere else ! i get so many compliments on my skin from friends and strangers ! in addition to the many different age defying facial treatments she utilizes , she has an acne program which clears even the most severe cystic acne . i referred a friend who has seen amazing results without the use of oral medication . try this aesthetician - you wo n't be sorry !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love zana ! been going to her for 10 plus years . amazing facials always works around my busy schedule .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "zana at bijin aesthetics is amazing ! she recommended a micro needling procedure for lines surrounding my lips . after four painless treatments in her relaxing and beautiful sanctuary , the improvement is obvious . i got younger looking after each treatment . micro needling does not involve injections of filler substances . instead , it allows my body to generate line filling collagen on its own . zana is knowledgeable , sweet and attentive . i would recommend her for all of your skin care needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a small business owner in phoenix and i buy all my printing work from them . they are extremely competitive with pricing and sometimes cheaper than everyone else . i would highly recommend them to anyone for shipping or print work . the family owned and operated atmosphere is great ! you will love their store too ! it is a hidden gem in goodyear !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my absolute favorite place to buy stamps , send packages and letters ! not only are they conveniently located right smack dab in the middle of my neighborhood but you wo n't have to fuss with any lines etc which is ideal . they also do printing work , wrap gifts , etc . the staff is always really helpful and friendly . also they keep your receipts in their system so if you lose your tracking number they can pull it up for you which is awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great little store with many unique items . i had a t-shirt that i wanted to have some writing put on the back . the guy who waited on me was very knowledgeable and gave me several options for my project . he also finished my shirt while i waited instead of making me come back another day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is really unique . the perfect place to spend a lazy saturday with family or friends when the weather is nice . the outdoor area is just gorgeous . i can look around the shop for a while after lunch too . the grounds have gardens to walk through , a wood working shop , and a hammock to lounge in . reservations are a must and be on time . we had a party of 6 and between tea , meals , and desserts spend a few hours . the servers are great . the only reason it 's not 5 stars to me is the food . i want to give 5 but really it 's good food but i ( and the rest of the table agreed ) that it was n't what we would remember about the place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went here today as we heard many good things from other locals . what a lovely property and such interesting things in the gift shop ! cool jewelry pieces , very cute baby children 's ' gifts , home and garden art , etc . ca n't wait to lunch here when the spring summer season begins . this is truly a special place in an unlikely ( and almost hidden ) place in an inner ring cleveland suburb . fabulous !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't know where to begin . as you drive in , you see the nice garden full of sculptures . when you walk in the store , you are surrounded by so many cute little stuff , and beautiful jewelry . by the time we walked past the store to have lunch , we had our hands full of items to buy . the lunch was lovely . to decide which tea to get , it was so hard since they had so many to choose from . soups were delicious . the lunch was just right and delicious ! and of course and cakes were yummy ! they have such a wonderful collection items ! great place to buy gifts too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was absolutely amazing . this is one of the top places i 've ever been to . the garden is gorgeous . if you happen to be in cleveland , you must go here . the side salads we had came fresh from the garden & were amazing . the quick i had was absolutely the best i 've ever had and i 've had a fair amount ( i have a slight quiche obsession ) . there is an extensive tea menu & the matcha ( green tea ) was delicious . i really ca n't rave enough . we did get our reservation 1 month in advance so you would need to do that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great for lunch or afternoon tea , beautiful views , great service and due to frequent requests from their many loyal fans , reservations are no longer needed ! ! make sure to give yourself extra time to walk the grounds , admire ( or buy ! ) the beautiful art work , sculpture and one of a kind gifts from around the world . a real hidden gem tucked away on green rd ; plenty of parking and excellent service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! wish i had time to spend every saturday lounging on the patio . how many places allow you to see the actual garden that most of the food comes from ? please support this wonderful business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! i had a crazy semester with teaching full-time , going to grad school full-time , and my dad dying when i first discovered sanctuary on green , and it lived up to its title ! the staff is great and the food and view are even better ! the chocolate mousse ... omg ! ! ! such a cool , tranquil spot in such an unexpected location ( south euclid is mostly just chain stores and other boredom ) . they have gluten-free , vegan , and vegetarian options . note : the food part is not a drop-in spot . there are two seatings ( 11:30 and 1:30 ) and it is meant to be a leisurely , beautiful experience . walk the pretty grounds !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tofu schnitzel was delicious , somehow reminded me of breaded lamb . went well with the house salad and hibiscus dressing and sauerkraut . service was excellent , had the feel of a bed and breakfast . looking forward to coming back to try something from their large tea collection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was eh so-so . granted i was the head of an event had 15 people . one person ran pretty late and there was not a seat setting for the 15th person , even though i confirmed for 15 people three days before the event . i felt that the staff was very disorganized . one minuted they said they had one flavor of strudel then it ended up changing to something different . with a large group they requested for entree 's to be chosen before hand . when the email was sent with all the orders , there was no response to know if the email was received . i was very displeased . no photographs were allowed while in the tea house , but yet we did n't know that until a camera was brought out . i honestly did n't see any signs about no photography . i do n't think i would personally go back to the facility , even though their tea list is over 80 different kinds of teas .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "whenever i am looking for a unique dining experience i will head to the sanctuary on green . it 's hard to believe you are still in cleveland upon arriving the property , the green space has a calming effect as you walk the grounds ! you are greeted at the door and guided to your table by the delightful staff . i know this is a one-of-a-kind experience and dining at this comfy boutique tea room will be an uncommon event , unlike the chain or fast paced restaurants we are all so accustomed . if i am looking to unwind and slow my pace , i will head to sanctuary on green ! i love the vegan offerings and know i have eaten a healthy meal . this is a cafe to decompress , relax and chat with friends and let vicky koehn and her staff pamper you ! the pace may not be a fast as some like , but the tradeoff is calm , comfort and delicious dining ! dining with vicky is like being at a friends home , hand crafted food made with love .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best service , hospitality , professional employees . the food , plate presentation was amazing . i will be back next season for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a true gem in our very own backyard in south euclid . ca n't believe we 've never been to this place until now . this cafe is at the owner 's residential house ! the dining patio overlooks the south euclid wetlands and the grounds and gardens are scattered with her sculptor husband 's works ( studio also onsite ) . along with an extensive tea menu , they specialize in organic , vegan and gluten free with many of the produce all grown in their own garden , but i had to have my meat ... schnitzel with blaukraut . wow ! easily one of the best lunches i 've ever had ! finished it off by sharing a bavarian chocolate cake and a pineapple turnover cake ... all literally homemade !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . you walk in and find the cutest little crafts and trinkets . their tea selection was quite impressive and their run raisin cake was delicious ! i loved how they have their own garden and compost their waste . definitely go to this place ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far the worst mcdonald 's in allegheny county . tables were all dirty floor was dirty with food still on the floor . side salad had hairs in it . 90\u00b0 weather outside inside was 85 air conditioning was not on . hamburger was burnt with black grease dripping out of it . self serve drink station 's ice machine did not work .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "to start off , go in and order . i have went through the drive through multiple times and have gotten my ordered screwed up-and it is n't only this mcdonalds . but here 's a story about this drive thru that made me laugh more than upset ( this happened to me ) : i ordered a premium grilled chicken sandwich , without cheese of course . we pulled up , paid then awaited at the next window for our food . we got it and everything was there . i opened my box to eat my food because i was so hungry . i checked for cheese and you wo n't believe it ... .they forgot the chicken on my chicken sandwich ! i laughed for awhile and could n't believe it- i went back and they were shocked as well- but i got a new sandwich-chicken included this time . just do n't go through the drive thru , it 's best to go in .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok , do n't go here late at night and give an order through the drive-through . they messed up our order completely and what we did get was cold . we were in a hurry to go home or we would have returned to get our food fixed ( and probably spit in ) . we were not happy at all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am shocked right now . i just witnessed what appeared to be the manager , be completely rude to an elderly couple . the woman is lucky i 'm in my work uniform . it made me so mad i just walked out . and will definitely never return to this mcdonald 's . something needs to be done that was completely uncalled for .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mcdonald 's serves its purpose , a quick junk bite for on the fly . i love the deals on the app until ... what purpose is the mobile app offering b1g1 breakfast sandwiches if your also running a 2 for $ 4 promotion ? so after i buy my 2 sausage , egg and biscuit sandwiches the total is 5.02 . i get to the window and scan the app and no discount . as the employee calls the manager he told me about the 2 for $ 4 . the bottom line is the app is just a sucker deal . disgruntled", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am moving to cranberry but will still make the drive to come here every six weeks . imagine being treated like royalty with a stylist that really knows what they are doing . i love that it is obvious i am not loaded but they treat me like i am . my boyfriend even goes here ( he converted from supercuts , this says a lot ) . the owner is great , my stylist stephanie is great ! i am pretty conservative but she does such a great job i find myself saying the words , `` i trust you , do you what you think will look good , '' and i always love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am new to the pittsburgh area and was in desperate need of a pedi . a friend suggested studio booth and we ended up going together for a little girl time . the atmosphere was very sophisticated and high end . the fire place in the waiting area gets you all warm and cozy before your appt . too ! i made a cup of coffee and was ready for my pedicure . the area is small ( only three chairs ) but very clean . you can even watch the hottest fashions from paris on the flat screen . now i have had lots of pedicures from all types of places and i would put my studio booth pedicure at the top of the list ! not only did the technician take her time , but the polish lasted for over 4 weeks . no chipping or cracking ! ! it is a little pricey- $ 40 , but worth ever penny ! ! i have been back again already and ca n't wait for another fabulous pedicure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for a haircut . really liked it , better than mcn , which was my usual place , but i was looking for a change . very helpful stylist . thought i 'd get an eyebrow wax , but the aesthetician was rather brusk , so skipped it . will return for hair !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great space and incredibly friendly people . make an appointment with j for a fantastic haircut , he can do anything you want from edgy to classic , and his cuts grow out really well too ( such a rarity , i think . )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved studio booth . i went in yesterday for the first time as a walk-in , unsure they 'd take me since it was a saturday , but i was able to fit in . both receptionists were very happy , very friendly - which makes a difference ! their waiting area serves drinks and coffee , and has a tv to watch while you wait . the inside is very spacious , much bigger than it seems from the outside - and it 's a very fancy place . i was seen within five minutes , and the stylist who cut my hair , sharon , was wonderful - just the right amount of talkative but attentive . she did n't push me to buy any products or do anything different from my routine , just gave me a great cut . they take credit cards , but tips are cash-only , so make sure to have some on hand ( i did n't , so i had to run to trader joe 's next door to get some change ) . i 'm definitely making this my regular place from now on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool shi shi salon ( shi shi aka sheik , classy overpriced and contemporary [ via . wikipedia ] ) - great modern ambiance ( air plants , live orchids and tropical plants everywhere ! ! ) lots of front desk staff and assistants bustling everywhere - with the amazing number of helpers and stylists i expected a pricey but relaxing afternoon . i had a general root touch up dye , low-lights and a blowout ( and a complimentary glass of water , ) and generally had an all around satisfying time . i did not get a haircut , style , pedi mani or any other service . reason for 3 stars instead of 4 : big shock and wtf was the $ 160.00+ bill . i mean , c'mon , i know east liberty is becoming quite gentrified , but this is still pittsburgh . i moved here from san francisco and never paid this much for a dye blowout .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "place rocks . the people who work there are all the best at what services they provide . so , it is an all star salon . you get that vibe as soon as you walk into the salon . we drive from washington county to get there and it is worth the trip . izear is the consumate professional . he listens to my kids and gives them exactly what hairstyle they desire .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "deanna was great in creating the perfect updo for my long hair . she is attentive , creative , and smart . most importantly , she listens carefully and does what you want her to do . the day was humid and hot and the up-do stayed in its place despite long hours of dancing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "usually see jay and he 's amazing . i could n't get in with jay so they recommended me their `` next best '' and i ended up having exactly 3 highlights on one side of my head . ( see pics ) could n't tell in the salon , lights too bright . looked ridiculous had to get it emergency fixed the next day at a different salon ... the same friend i saw at studio booth the day before was also getting her hair fixed at the other salon . if you do n't get the right person , do n't go ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lyndsay clark cuts my hair and does my highlights and she is phenomenal ! she is so good that i make the trip from dc to pittsburgh only to get my hair done ! lyndsay takes the time to meet with you at the beginning and really listen to what you are looking for . she is personable and extremely talented ! i have blonde hair and she makes my highlights look natural and you would never know that i get my hair highlighted ! she also does a fantastic job with up-dos ! i would sum her style up with classy , stylish and chic ! i only wish i could ship her to dc do i did n't have to make the trip to pittsburgh to get my hair done but it is definitely worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "andrew bender has done my hair for 8 years now ; the last 4 at studio-booth . i have to say the two are a `` match made in heaven ! '' he is such a talented stylist with a great eye for color and always represents a fashion forward look when styling me . with andrew , i simply sit in the chair and `` trust in him '' to do what 's right for me . i am always blissfully delighted ! the salon is top notch professional , elegant and edgy . the service is impeccable from the moment you walk in ; to them surprisingly offering to run next door to grab a meal for you because you mentioned you were hungry . a+ in customer service for 4 years now . i 've tried all of the services too ! it expensive , but as the commercial said so well so many years ago ... .i 'm worth it ! dawn t", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been getting my hair done by heather at studio booth for about 1.5 years now . she is fabulous ! ! ! i met heather after a stylist at another salon really botched my hair color . thankfully heather rescued my hair and has been doing a fabulous job caring for my tresses ever since ! i have long ( past shoulders ) , straight hair , and i really appreciate that heather ( 1 ) is extremely careful when coloring my hair to make sure it stays healthy , and ( 2 ) is not overzealous when trimming my hair , like so many other stylists are ! like to chat ? she 's a good conversationalist . need to chill ? do n't worry , she leave you to your thoughts . she 's very client-oriented -- to an extent that is not seen much anymore . studio booth is very clean and comfortable . everyone seems pleasant and helpful . wifi available . just one word of warning - the salon has a small , but extremely well-curated , collection of unique jewelry pieces . it 's very hard to resist !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tremendous venue for high quality styling and pampering . andrew is a quality stylist who 's attention to detail results in near perfection each time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prices are great , but sadly , the product is not . after i could n't see my regular hairdresser , i made an appointment here . my colorist seemed to do a decent job , but the haircut itself was a disaster . layers were severely uneven ( i tried to have her fix it while still in the chair , but i realized it was hopeless ) . then , as my hair started to grow out , i could see that the color had broken damaged my hair around my face , and many of the highlights had bled , causing large chunks of blond streaks . sadly , the prices and courteous staff do not make up for my sub-par cut and color .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is my third review of this business . for some reason my review is not being published . i see there are stellar reviews for this salon and have to wonder if the negative ones are somehow being deleted . from the overinflated prices to overinflated egos , this salon has an undeserved pretentiousness that begs to be controlled . it is visually stunning , but technically unimpressive .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "how could one guy play the bouzuoki that fast for two hours straight ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went with a huge group to this festival in 2009 . i was n't expecting much after visiting the greek festival in tempe , but this one blew us away . fist of all , it 's huge , and super organized . there are all kinds of merchants and places to get food , as well as dancing and other activities . the food was unbelievable . all kinds of fried goodness , meats and different things to drink ( however i am not a fan of ouzo , black licorice tastes like vomit to me ) . the dancing was fun to watch and the crowd was really pleasant and easy to be around . i would definitely recommend this , and am planning on making it an annual stop . some say phoenix lacks vulture , but you just have to look closely and you 'll find it all over the place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have been to a number of these , but today was the first time in awhile . great family event with tons of arts , crafts , performances , and of course great food . parking is a little bit of chore if you do n't get here at the opening bell ( i recommend parking on 20th street along granada park ) , but once you 're inside its pretty easy to get around . the dance performances in the main stage area are an especially great treat . the food and drink lines can get long , but move pretty fast . in terms of food choices , i recommend the dolmades ( grape leaves stuffed with beef and rice ) , saganaki ( flambeed cheese & wine ) , souvlaki ( chicken or pork skewers ) , and the baklava sundae ( yes , thats right , baklava mixed with ice cream ) . highly recommend coming at or near the opening bell if you wan na avoid the bigger crowds . all in all , a great valley event beaming with tradition , great for greeks and non-greeks alike .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the dancing is so cute , the music great and the food blew my mind ! ! be sure to grab a gyro , greek fries and a baklava sundae . yum yum yum ! ! there are also lots of vendors to buys jewelry , art , t-shirts etc . there is also a market to buy pita , olives feta etc . the authentic food was the highlight ! ca n't wait till next year !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good greek delicacies and culture . ca n't wait til next years festival . opa !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been to many of these and holy trinity in phx has to be one of the top ones i have attended . food is authentic and fresh . the feta cheese is outstanding ! loved all the small shops and the fact i could find kasseri cheese . friendly staff and generous portions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always enjoy this festival . it 's in october so it can be pretty hot . they have lots of shade areas set up . we do the `` inside '' food because we think it tastes better . the lamb shank is delicious and just falls off the bone . other favorites include the potatoes and mousaka . the stuffed grape leaves ... .. not so much . they run out of baklava on midday sunday so be sure to purchase on arrival . the nice ladies will hold it for you so you do n't have to tote it around the grounds . we inevitably try on the greek fisherman 's hats or a t shirt , or jewelry , and always find something to buy . it 's a fun afternoon listening to live tunes , eating great chow and getting in touch with my inner greek .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's hard to find a great deli in scottsdale az that focused on flavor first , but can still deliver a sizable meal . case in point , the italian melt . idk who thought of creating this bad boy but it 's pretty damn good . i 'd recommend if you 're looking to for your to-go delivery order to look and taste like it was made fresh then the original marketplace will not disappoint !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes , i decided on this place from the high marks on yelp & close proximity to work . good decision , it was my birthday lunch with 8 coworkers . we had different salads & sandwiches all we tasty & very fresh . i enjoyed my iced tea too . hope our management uses their catering services in the future too . easy parking underground too . many selections & believe they 're open for breakfast too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new business nestled in the office building , with an entrance in the courtyard behind the marriott suites ! no outside signage yet , but it 's in the same location as was pacific 's . same location , but completely remodeled ! from furnishings to menu . just opened , i believe today , and business is booming already.. had the bacon and blue burger . nice size burger . cooked perfectly . crispy bacon . all in all , very good ! i know my colleagues and i will make this a regular breakfast and lunch stop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a super nice place . just a block off of old scottsdale . super nice guy took our order and not knowing what to order he gave my wife a sample of the walnut chicken salad and she was sold . i had the french dip and my son had the chicken chipotle which were both incredibly delicious . all for an afordable $ 27 including drinks and sides . probably getting a giant cookie to go that just came out of the oven . this place was a well deserved 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the restaurant is an office campus but it is a true diamond in the rough . the beautiful decor is matched by excellent food and even better service . the owners are on-site and are there to make your dining experience as memorable and enjoyable as possible . i would definitely come back and try the omelette with veggies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the italian melt and it was really good . plus the place is nice to just go grab lunch and talk with some friends . thanks guys will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wanted a quick bite before i headed back to my airbnb to pack and left for the airport ... great choice ! they were really busy ( monday lunch rush ! ) and misplaced my order . they apologized a million times and after i politely declined a drink ( i had one at home ) , they insisted on giving me a small side of pasta . the sandwich ( city club ) was delicious , the pasta was delicious , and the customer service is spot on . great meal to end my trip in az !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food and atmosphere ! my company recently moved our layover hotel right across the courtyard from this restaurant . what a score ! i tried the city cobb salad with chicken and bacon and it was outstanding . very fresh veggies and their chicken was grilled to perfection . next time i 'm going to try one of the burgers . overall , the original marketplace is a great find . highly recommended for anyone and especially my fellow crew members !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a hidden gem in south scottsdale . the place is run by a great family . the food was great , especially the sides ! i 'd like to come back and try the salads next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family and i stopped in to try out this place . amazing menu , food , employees and atmosphere ! we all tried something different . we had the chicken salad wrap with spinach tortilla , italian melt , italian hero and club sandwich , we had the pasta salad and potato salad for our sides , everything we tried was fresh and delicious ! well done , ca n't wait to try other items on the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome , very cozy atmosphere , great food , and great customer service ! definitely recommend this hidden gem if your ever nearby .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in here on a whim and had a wonderful experience hosted by a wonderful staff . this family owned and operated restaurant took incredible care of us !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent place for breakfast or lunch . i have never been disappointed but always pleasantly surprised . were i come from a lot of small places like this are family owned and you 're always treated like family . it 's nice to find a place with the same atmosphere . thanks . see you soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very hard to find and when we finally found it , they were closed ! no signs saying anything , just closed even though the yelp page says 6 am til 4 pm . this is the 2nd time this has happened to me ... .and the last .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "across the back courtyard from the marriot , this is a great little spot . i got the breakfast burrito . all ingredients were cooked to order , not scooped out of a precooked container , and it was excellent . fast , friendly and priced right . will eat here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a fantastic place to have lunch ! ! my husband and i drove 40 miles to get to this place . i had the walnut chicken salad and my husband had a boars head turkey sandwich and they were both fantastic . come and try it here you wo n't regret it . i forgot to mention that the owner gave us a cookie , after my husband had it he went and got 2 more . tell them marilyn sent you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scotsdales finest my granddaughter had a grill chess said said yummy yum its really good and spotless clean", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took the family to lunch and everyone ordered a burger which was outstanding . friendly staff even brought us some complimentary cookies towards the end of lunch , when they discovered we were first time patrons . they were delicious . prices are very reasonable and the sides are great too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "original is right on ! love the upscale decor and cleanliness . this coffee shop deli is definitely my go to place for morning coffee meetings , lunch meetings or just to veg . plenty of fresh items on the menu to keep you coming back for more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was very good and gives you that welcome home feeling . the food was delicious and the recommendation made it extra special . highly recommend the italian melt and the chicken lemon rice . the santa fe club was also very good . i ca n't wait to fit this place into my day for another stop . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what an amazing place ! ! top notch deli with fantastic employees ! ! ! i had the chicken chipotle panini and it was unbelievable ! located inside the office building behind the marriot hotel what a hidden gem i suggest you check this one out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding all the way around ! staff was friendly and helpful , service was quick and efficient , food was fresh and tasted awesome . i had the kale salad , mac n cheese and breakfast bagel sandwich . recommend them all . i look forward to coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic food . this is a cafe style interior office space converted to a awesome restaurant . good food . friendly service . highly recommended . i 'm not local to phoenix and simply found it using yelp . hidden gem in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is located inside a office building but it does n't mean you have to be apart of this office building to come enjoy this beautiful place . this place has a nice dining room with a convertible relaxing area with magazines and tvs . it has a seating area outside as well . wide variety of snacks , sandwiches and salads . also has coffee with starbucks menu . the sandwich i got was the walnut chicken and wow can i say i did n't expect that much flavor to come out of a walnut chicken sandwich , it was very rich in flavor and the texture was great . the sandwich was amazing and i got a side of the pasta salad which was great mixed with feta cheese . a very clean place with great customer service as well . if you 're in the area and want something fresh and healthy i recommend coming here and showing this place some love .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all i can say is wow ! i could n't wait for this spot to open in the office building i work at . very spacious and comfortable . it 's def by far the nicest deli i have been to around town . friendly staff , great customer service , fair prices and the food is delicious . very impressed with the wide variety menu compared to the usual deli in an office building . i ordered a chicken chipotle sandwich and a side of the baked mac n cheese ... . a+ on my way out i noticed a starbucks sign ... yes guys ! i said starbucks ... .the original marketplace are authorized to serve starbucks . : ) ) ) ) now i know where i can go to get my coffee fix every morning ! thanks guys and keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was amazing ! staff is extremely helpful and courteous ! great portions on the food as well ! definitely would recommend this place to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were staying next door at the marriott suites , took the yelp five star advice and enjoyed a great lunch . the staff were extremely helpful and nice . it 's kind of hard to find . the hotel staff did n't even know about this gem , even though it 's only about 75 ' from the hotel 's outdoor patio .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "1st time having lunch at this place ! great italian melt and the chicken lemon rice soup is also very different , but yummy ! i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this place on yelp and decided to try it out because of the high reviews . the food was pretty good , and the staff was amazingly friendly and helpful", "score": "5"}
{"review": "could n't believe how good the burger from here was . i got the bacon and cheddar burger and it tasted like it came from an upscale `` fine '' burger restaurant . the prices are great and it 's easy to get in and get out around lunch time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a nice place to go for a quick breakfast lunch or a snack . it 's kind of hidden in an office building and has that office cafeteria feel . the food was decent ( i ordered the bacon burger ) , but the service is the best aspect of this resturant . i would rate the food 3 stars but the service bumps it up to a 4 . the food came quickly and the staff was very friendly and easy to talk to . try it if you 're looking for something quick and comfortable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "another great find on yelp . great little breakfast & lunch small cafe type delight . hidden within an inside courtyard behind marriott . had a ruben & tuna sandwich , both delicious with several side options . no online menu , being revised , but called owner & he emailed it to me . will definitely go back here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough nice things about this place . good quality food , great service & the nicest staff you ever met ! i highly recommend it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i popped in last week to grab a smoothie for lunch and had a great experience . my chili mango smoothie was so good . phoenix summers kind of kill my appetite and it 's rare that food sounds good . this really hit the spot and i 'm thinking of heading there again this week . the staff was super friendly , especially the tall gentleman with brown hair . put the chili mango on the regular menu and you 'll have a customer for life ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great location close to work , download app and order ahead of time so drink is ready upon arival .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this a small location . it is very clean . you walk in and leave to cheerful greetings and good-byes . i always receive my orders quickly . i have tried a dozen different items and have never been disappointed . the apples & greens is wonderful though my forever favorite will always be the cold buster ! try a warm sour dough pretzel with your order !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff was very nice . i 'm pretty sure the cashier was new because she needed help . however it was very clean and even after the customer in front of me was difficult , they were still nice . she was demanding and took money out of the tip jar to pay for her stuff . they deserve a raise . on a side note , for anyone that reads this , please never take money out of tip jars to pay for your crap . the workers are n't making buckets of money and that 's stealing from them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drinks were ok , however the girl who helped barely spoke english and was so quiet that i could not hear half of what she said .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i enjoy this location . close to work , respectful of allergies , friendly service and quick !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walked in and was greeted by one of the employees in the back . stood there for a few minutes and no one came to take our order . as we walked out they both said bye . no interest in serving us . we went next door to panera for a smoothie .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when you let high schoolers run your store and the kid behind the register is more concerned with flirting with girls than doing his job by actually taking an order or better yet making the order of the people in front of me . the rewards screen was down and the kid told me my total , after i he repeat my order because he was eyeing the girl he was flirting with , i advised him i had a reward i needed to use . he then look confused and lost that i wanted to use my reward and he would have had to ring me up all over again on the other register . i walked out . sadly i was super craving jamba for my lunch break and will now have to wait and drive out of my way after work to a more professional location hopefully .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this jamba juice . we always get the acai bowls and the fresh pressed juice . the store is clean . i go about once a week and the manager remembers my name ! the staff are very friendly and well trained .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "addicted to this place ! ! they have such a friendly staff and they are very efficient . usually order their smoothies and have never had any complaints ! ! highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff was so helpful and understood my order . unlike when i go to other jamba juice locations where they look at me like i have a third head because i want orange juice instead of apple juice in my smoothie . my kids absolutely love the snow this year but as many parents know that up air purchasing for a few children . they were kind enough to pull let me split a large into three smalls for my children ... which saves me money instead of ordering three small smoothies . i came in exhausted and fatigue but the staff working went out of their way and i really appreciate it ! now about my drink ... yum ! i pleased with the taste of the consistency of the smoothie ( not too liquified but not chewing on frozen bits of fruit ) , the fresh fruit taste , and overall my overall experience . highly recommend ! ! and i must try the strawberries wild with orange juice instead of apple juice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . music every night , great staff and decor . but you should like country music if you go cause it is very country . i like how they will have a band play 2-3 sets in a night instead of the standard 3 bands doing 45 minute sets that has become the norm . this is also a great people watching place , watching people dance to country music is always good times . the food is good too , i have had a shrimp salad and the mac and cheese and i hear their weekend brunch is really fun .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "to be honest , i do n't remember how or why my friends and i stumbled into the dakota tavern one monday evening . what i do remember is that 4 out of 6 of us happened to be wearing plaid ( how obnoxious ! ) and we were slightly intoxicated ... . while our entrance may have gotten us a few glances from the older ones in the crowd , we brushed it off and grabbed some beer and a seat close to the stage . there was live music and the place was fairly busy with a bunch of different types . i love places where the crowd is indistinguishable . this is a feel good place if you just want a fun night of drinking and kicking back with some friends . you can enjoy the music , tap your feet , mingle with the crowd , and not have to worry about anything . i 've also heard great things about their brunch but have n't had a chance to go yet , i 'll update this when i do : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dear yelpers , be forgiving with your first impression with the dakota . yeah , it smells gross . yes , it 's dark . looking from the outside , you wonder , `` i do n't want to go in there ! '' but once you 're in , you ca n't leave ! come out on sunday for their 'bluegrass lunch ' , served family-styled as an all-you-can-eat buffet at $ 14 a head ( children pay $ 7 ) . the waitresses will bring you as many plates of fruit - blueberries , oranges , pineapples - pancakes , scrambled eggs , sausages and fried potatoes to your delight . all the while , you are munchie your post-hangover breakie , scarfing it with gusto as you tap your feet to a live bluegrass ! ! great for groups , not so hot for vegans .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm a big fan of the dakota tavern . i do n't get there as often as i 'd like but when i do it 's always a great time . sunday and wednesday nights are the best times to check out live music . the beauties play on sundays , and quite often you 'll see other popular local musicians hop on stage to play a ditty or two with the band . white whale wednesdays offer up a serving of weekly featured while whale recording artists - always a blast . do n't forget the food ! i 've yet to try the blue grass brunch ( though i really want to ) but i 've indulged in their mac-n-cheese and let me just say , oh my . it 's lovely . come for the bands , stay for the mac-n-cheese .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "live music . great atmosphere . reasonable service . at least one real microbrew on tap . sold . honestly , i was sold from the moment i descended the steps into this dark , basement tavern and saw the cow skull on the wall , perfectly framed by white fairy lights . everything else was just a bonus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've always been curious about the dakota because there 's always a line out the door on weekends . we decided to check it out on a thursday night to see a friends ' band . front door staff were nice even thought there was a slight mix up with the guest list . the space itself is in the basement , long and narrow . the stage is small but intimate . the kitchen was still open but we had already eaten . would love to come back and check out the bluegrass brunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my fav places to see live bands . it 's small , intimate , and you are basically sitting on the stage . it 's awesome . it 's loud , can be incredibly crammed at times , but you can always get a drink at the bar , you just have to wait a bit . the bands are wicked , i love the intimate atmosphere and darkness of this place . i always have a great time . one thing , one of the toilets in the women 's bathroom is always broken . i dont ' know why . it always overflows or something when i 've been there ( and no , i know what your'e thinking thanks ... it 's not me ) ha . go check it out when they have live music , you wo n't regret it . never been there for brunch before.. i waited for an hour and bailed . i was starving and could n't wait although i did get uber tipsy on ceasers waiting which was fun : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the dokota tavern is truly a unique venue . it 's kinda a modern cowboy-rockabilly venue that hosts a variety of live acts , dance nights and kitcshy-square dancing type stuff . they also have one of the best sunday brunches in the city , as voted by locals as well as this year 's now magazine best of poll . my pal jen owns the joint . she 's one of those personal touches people who has the coziest home and makes the perfect host at summer bbqs . it 's her personality that makes this spot so much fun even if modern cowboy twang is n't your thing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one my favourite brunches in the city is at the dakota . the bluegrass review sets the tone . i 've been lucky to have come during busy and not busy times . i will say , the eggs do taste better after you 've been waiting in line for a long time . but the coffee is really good . and so are the sausages . i do n't eat pancakes and despite being billed as buttermilk , i found them light . i do love the family style serving . the service is alright . i think they know they have a good thing . the last time i was there was a comedy of errors . i was playing city guide to a friend and i completely forgot how this brunch works ! thankfully , everyone had a good laugh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after reading a few of the reviews here , i 'm almost tempted to go back to the dakota to check out the food . i 've never eaten there ; but i probably never will because i 'm very unlikely to come back for the entertainment . the dakota combines awful acoustics with an incompetent and overly loud mix . it is brutal and unpleasant even when you like the band . it 's too bad really - they seem to bring some good talent through the doors .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . we went for bingo night , i was lured in by the advertised chicken and waffles . i really wish we had something like this bar here in cleveland . set up like an old stagecoach with whiskey barrel bar stools , a stage , and some very friendly bartenders , this bar was really cool . and there was a cowboy announcer ! they had some pretty awesome happy hour specials ( i think it was something along the lines of a $ 3 beer and $ 3 ginger and rye , which is the way to my irish heart ) , we split the chicken and waffles . pretty standard , $ 12 for two pieces of chicken , two waffles , and a fruit compote . my memory 's a little fuzzy but there was this awesome hot sauce ... bingo was $ 5 , and even though we did n't win , it was a blast . everyone was so friendly and engaging . this is my kind of bar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here to try their bluegrass brunch this past weekend and thoroughly enjoyed it . bluegrass is definitely not typically my cup of tea , but it created a lovely atmosphere and who the heck does n't like $ 14 all-you-can-eat brunch ? ? the food is served family style and it 's surprisingly tasty . you get fruit , scrambled eggs with red peppers , blueberry pancakes ( ! ! ! ) , sausages , potatoes , juice and coffee . strapping on the feed bag at the dakota tavern is the perfect way to cure a nasty hangover ! i would describe the service as leisurely , so i would n't suggest coming here if you 're in a hurry . that being said , the staff was very friendly and welcoming and i 'll definitely return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "initially , i was n't too keen on going out on friday , but after much persuasion i decided to go to this bar . i played in a volleyball tournament and felt like crap , but after stepping into this place , my energy came back ! unfortunately i did n't get the name of the band , but they were awesome ! if you want to look into it , i was here on friday feb 26 and the band played a lot of rolling stones ' hits . i had a fantastic time at the dakota tavern . alcohol was reasonably price ( in toronto standards ) and the general lay out was aesthetically pleasing . the clientele would be considered geared to the 'hipster ' population , but i did n't mind . basically , i did n't see any dodgy people . if you like good live music at a small cost of $ 5 , check out the dakota tavern . you wont be disappointed . i definitely want to come back here to check out the country music nights .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the dakota is a real fun place ! i have been there twice for live country music - even for those who do n't like country , the live bands are fun and upbeat creating a great atmosphere , making it hard not to have a good time . it is small and it is cramped and it is busy and loud , so its not the place to go if you want to sit down for a beer with a friend and catch up . its a great night out with a bunch of friends . there 's a dance floor , and a decent but not amazing beer selection . the decor is old-school and fits the place really well . recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3.5 stars but rounding up . went for their famous bluegrass brunch . highlights were the talented band , diversity of the crowd ( families , hipsters , babies , etc ) , and old school tavern setting . lowlight was the food . my wife is a vegetarian and all she had were eggs and potatoes for $ 18 person ! i thought they would offer to sub in something for her since it is a fixed price , but they disappointed in that regard . even for an omnivore iike me , i was not very impressed by the bland eggs and potatoes , and cheap sausage that looked like it just came out of a box . the good music and atmosphere will still bring me back sometime , but if they had more quality food options or better pricing for what they do offer , it would be way more often .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had heard a lot about the bluegrass brunch . on sunday i finally went ! the atmosphere and the live music are great . our waitress was very nice too . but ... i found the brunch plate overpriced . you get a simple plate of scrambled eggs , sausages , potatoes , pancakes , fruit , tea or coffee for around 20 dollars . i would have hoped to get some beans and veggies ( not very expensive things ) too for that price but they cost extra . for three people a bill of 60 dollars seems a bit too much in my opinion . i would n't go again , sorry .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've always had a great time when i 've come here . the bands they bring in are always great , though it can be quite loud due to the small space that is the dakota . the staff are always on the ball and generally remember you once you 've hit the bar for your second round . my only complaint is that the building is like a bomb shelter . you do n't get any cell service unless you 're standing by the stairs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the dakota tavern is pretty cool . the ambiance is like a cross between an olde time saloon and a weezer music video- with skulls and strings of white christmas lights adorning the cozy walls . i 've been here several times and the crowd always seems decent in both volume of people and social quality of their personalities . the drink princes are kinda 'meh , ' staff are nice but for the size of the bar they seem pretty understaffed- you could wait up to 20 min for a drink on a packed night . double or triple fist . the men 's washroom is pretty awkward , it 's so compact that if you are a big guy in a big sweater taking a piss next to another big guy , you will be touching each other . prepare yourself .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was visiting a friend in toronto and stopped by the dakota through word of mouth . i could n't believe the caliber of the bands that night ( saw the shane murphy band ) and loved the atmosphere . i 've mentioned this place many times since then and ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "le dakota tavern est un bar sp\u00e9cialis\u00e9 dans les concerts live . j'y suis all\u00e9 pour assister \u00e0 un concert de musique br\u00e9silienne . l'atmosph\u00e8re y est tout simplement bluffante et en 5 minutes vous vous retrouvez \u00e0 danser avec vos compagnons de bar . pas grand chose \u00e0 dire sur cet \u00e9tablissement : allez y car c'est l'une des perles cach\u00e9es du quartier d'ossington ! dakota tavern is a bar specialised in live concerts . i went there to see a brazilian band . the atmosphere is just amazing and in 5 minutes you will be dancing with your buddies that you did not know five minutes ago . not much to say about this place , just go there because it is one of those hidden gems of the ossington neighbourhood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came by here for bluegrass brunch . you have to make a reservation or show up early . great dive bar at night i am sure , but during the day it was too bright and full of kids to appreciate the alter ego . the brunch is interesting , since they just keep bringing sausage , eggs , fruit salad , and pancakes to the table until you say no . the band was really excellent , and everyone enjoyed it . i would recommend it !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my review is based on the atmosphere , the bartenders and music ( bands ) and not their much talked about bluegrass brunch ( which i have n't gone to cause i like my brunch one on one and not at a communal table ) . these guys chose their bands well so even if you 've not heard of that given night 's act , you 're sure to enjoy it . it 's not been too difficult to get me off the bar stool and bust a move ! now i 'm not so much for hard drinks or fancy ones , more a beer guy , but the the bar is run well . so bring your favorite company and go ! pay the $ 5 or $ 10 cover ( band ) , cause you 'll dig the vibe . is there still no phone reception there ? oh yes , the dakota is lower level , or basement if you will .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saw a very good band last thursday night . place is exactly what you would expect for a dive bar music venue . but if the band is good you should have a great time . would give 3.5 stars . worth going back if your local . will be interesting to see if the band is as good next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the music venue of the city . it 's such a great ambiance , and the bands are great that are booked here . some of the best nights to go are sundays and tuesdays are regulars , from the beauties on sunday to this month having jason collett doing a tuesday night thing . i 've only had a bit of food here , but when i have had it it was good . but the beer pours well . they have a good selection of local and imported beer , and the staff is always friendly . one of time things to do here is to go on sunday for the bluegrass brunch . good food , great music and a great family atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is well known for its bands that occasionally come through . its hidden in a basement on the northside of the lively ossington strip . the food is def above average with really well made salads and decent tacos . infact i would give their salad menu 4 5 . the service is very quick and friendly . its one of those places where the staff are really happy to see you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "crazy about their bluegrass brunch . i love live music but had never consider pairing it with brunch - it works ! the band is a lot of fun , the food is simple but very good and the country motif works well . the food comes out family style and is never ending . i love that you can have endless bowls of fruit . of course if you prefer never ending eggs and sausage that is an option as well . over all the food is like you would have at a friend or family 's house for brunch which is a welcome change . the music however is what makes the experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like blue grass music and a big family style breakfast you must check out the dakota tavern . when you enter the tavern you 're taken to a very eclectic scene of 70 's furniture , retro lights and positive vibes ! the staff are super friendly as you wait for a family you 're offered a cup of coffee from the bar . once seated , you 've offered a mixed bowl of fresh fruit . then the good stuff comes out ! you get a platter of pancakes , eggs and potatoes and a side of sausages . there 's a ton of food for everyone and as much coffee as you want . the best part is hearing live music from a quaint local blue grass band while adults and kids flock to the dance with their latest moves . you live the dakota tavern with a smile and a full belly . great spot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for someone who is totally not into country music ( even the hipster variety that borderlines rock ) i 've had a great time in the handful of appearances i 've made at the dakota . i like the fact that there seems to be zero attitude in this place -- from the bouncers to the bartenders . the vibe is pretty electric most times . people are there to have a good time and consume mass amounts of alcohol . and i have to admit that even though i am not really into the music , the bands they have play here are pretty incredible . with the basement location and low ceilings the music rings off the walls and , quite literally , rocks . last time i came here was on a sunday and i was shocked that the place was rammed . there 's not many sunday locations you can say that about . someone told me the house band always packs them in , and i can see why . they were indeed quite good . again , this coming from a guy who listens to hip-hop all the time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for their saturday morning bluegrass brunch special and was pleasantly surprised . all you can eat breakfast with a live bluegrass band playing was fun . the food was nothing original , your basic breakfast fare but it made it up in droves with the atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "an alt-country live music staple , the dakota holds its own as `` home '' to many breakout artists such as serena ryder , catl , $ 100 and the stables , and offers weekend bluegrass brunch around one giant , common table . do n't worry if you do n't feel like you look the part - the bar may look like a country saloon , but the patrons are varied and welcoming .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this bar . great atmos with barn board and retro country parafanalia : lots of personality ! great bands from real bluegrass to rock'n country but none of that new country crap . best pulled pork in the city . i have seen all ages there from moms and kids at bluegrass brunch , to older couples at mariachi mondays , to really happy yound revellers to hear weekend bands putting out . really neat looking stage , great soundman , and cute and efficient staff . bust a move under the spinning mirror ball . just please , no line dancing -- this place is part of the ossington happening stretch just above dundas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my all time favourite music venue in toronto . i love the decor , it 's really fitting and the music is always very good ( though i do pick who i go see -- so i usually know it 's going be to good . ) the beer is great and the atmosphere is fantastic ! i 've had many great memories . i do n't think i 've ever come here and not had a good time . one time there was even square dancing ! i also like how it 's not full of women wearing practically nothing and men gawking at these women . everyone is dressed ( usually ) modestly and not worried about making a fool of themselves out on the dance floor ! if you 're looking for a grand ol ' time , the dakota is the spot for you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fun little bar for some country music ! ! ! i would definitely go back . the only eek is $ 10 cover . i hope that goes towards the bands ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here 4 times usually 7 am ( ish ) and the customer service is blah ! never a `` good morning '' `` hi how are you '' `` can i help you , answer any questions ? '' nope nothing . instead on one visit the lady looked up and asked if i 'd been there before , or if i knew what i wanted ... minutes later someone else entered and got a `` hey ! good morning , how'syour morning going ? '' apparently the `` great customer service '' is for regular customers . another visit there was a guy counting $ at the register who did n't even look up when i walked in , instead waited for the lady to come from the back to get my order . i 'm giving 2 stars because the acai is really good ... but expensive ... .which i would n't mind paying if it was served with a smile .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible service . it was dead in there and the guy up front just kept talking to his girlfriend . we gave them awhile ... 10 minutes to be exact ... he told us `` just give me a second '' as we stared at them . ummm ok. we 'll give you as many seconds as you need ! and we walked out the door .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i always love supporting local business , especially when the business is great at what they do . come in here about once a week , staff is friendly , attentive and professional . the product is fantastic and the business is spotless ! great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is going to be short and sweet . yes , this place is n't cheap . that being said , you get what you pay for . this place uses all quality organic ingredients . i personally prefer to not have a blended cocktail of pesticides in my juice or smoothie . it kind of defeats the purpose of trying to do the right thing and eat more veggies . keep up the good work here . i for one , will always support businesses trying to do the right thing and use organic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally came in the juice standard to see what they 're all about and lea was so sweet , informative and helpful . she knew the nutritional facts right off the top of her head and was helping me figure out which was best for me . she took her time to explain to me what every juice consist of and i really love that ! she gave me samples of the juices they provided and wow they were all really good ! the establishment was clean and i love the unique decorations . i will be back , highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nut milk `` be magnificent '' with a shot of espresso was amazing ! ! ! service was great ! place definitely deserves 5 stars and the only reason i rated them a 4 , is pricing ! who can pay almost $ 20 for juice and 1 shot of espresso ? ! super expensive ! maybe they can switch the containers ? will that decrease the cost ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the juice here so good my fav is be happy it just makes you happy : ) a little pricey however you get what you pay for and they use quality ingredients so i guess it 's worth it ca n't put a price on health : ) everyone i have been to knows their stuff and is always friendly they also let you try almost all of them so you know what you really want try it you wo n't regret it : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is great ! i am not a regular juicer , but i was driving home from school and saw this place . i 've always wanted to try these kinds of juices and it was a great first experience . the people there are so kind and they helped you pick out juices to try . i was pretty surprised because they gave me so many samples i was already getting full off them . this place is pretty pricey but i think it is worth it since its organic and freshly made . i bought two drinks ( bee magnificent and bee grateful ) and it was delicious ! bee magnificent is my top choice . i have yet to try the other juices , but i will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such yummy juice and great help from all staff . only thing is its a little pricy for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i checked out this place and ordered the bee alkaline and after all was said and done i must have spent $ 15.00 for one bottle of juice that included tip . now even with it being organic , i find it way too pricey and in the end it tastes just like any other pressed juice . unless you plan on doing this everyday and eating completely clean and healthy , it 's a waste of hard earned money . get a green drink from the raw cafe or rachel 's kitchen for way less , unless you like collecting their glass milk bottles .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible customer service . it took me 30 minutes just to get an acai crunch that normally takes no more than 5-6 minutes . at least 5 people got their orders before mine and the employee had the audacity to say that those people came before me when they did n't . never going back there again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time here ! i usually frequent pressed juicery , but this place is way closer to me so i decided to check it out . staff was very friendly and she offered us samples of any of the juices , smiling and very understanding i love the service here . though , i asked to purchase the bee energized and bee pure , as i drove away i realized that the lady had given me the bee vibrant one which is the cayenne lemonade one -___- i understand mistakes happen and the bee pure and vibrant are the same color , but best to avoid something that has cayenne ; it was quite a surprise when i drank the juice . overall i will come back and try it again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bee healthy this is the place . many juice combinations , nut milks , and smoothies to chose from . two locations open now with a third coming soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the best experience at juice standard . i am getting a cold and they healed me emmensly . they made me 3 shots of yummy healing ingredients . she even did shots with me so i took them correctly . their juices cost more , but we 'll worth it . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for my first time this morning ( : and the first things i notice are a nice clean and super friendly environment . everything in here is super pretty too ! the staff are all amazing . i got the shot flight , it 's three shots and a vitamin packet thing . he swears i 'll feel better , so i 'm trusting him ! and i also got a bee whealthy juice . it 's so yummy ! ! ! they have healthy snacks as well , i will def be back soon ! on the plus side the juices come in jars so you can reuse them later", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place presses delicious fresh juices and nut milks . they happily let you sample their selections so you wo n't be disappointed with your purchase . their wellness shots are good as well and you can buy a flight to try them all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a beautiful experience ! ! these are more than just juices , i feel every ounce of wellness from the staff and the products . stacey is amazing ! ! ! ! thank you ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "expensive yes , but worth it . compared to shopping time , $ , and waste of ingredients when you make them at home , it is not bad at all . i think the way to go is to order ahead and customize them . healthy way to eat less meals , especially when on the run .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went in and was immediately offered a tasting of all of their juices and nut milks . the lady at the front was very knowledgable about all their products . must have tried about 15 different samples and decided to go with the bee grateful . probably the best purchase i 've made in the last few weeks . will definitely be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! every juice , milk , and smoothie i have tried so far were delicious and fresh , and the assistant manager stacie is amazing . she 's extremely intelligent and we 'll versed as a wellness coach , and had helped me with some health issues i 've had . i go in there just to see her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "update ! i recently had an allergic reaction and came here for their juice cleanse ... their juice and nut milks are absolutely amazing ! ! would give extra stars if i could : ) i literally had the best smoothie of my entire life at this place ! stumbled upon this place by accidentally taking the wrong way home and happened to be craving a smoothie that day ... absolutely amazing ! ! ! ! i 'm vegan as well so nice that they have vegan options . i got the `` green and good '' smoothie with coconut water , kale , banana , raw agave , avocado , spirulina , and had them add vegan yogurt ( coconut ) for a more creamy smoothie . yum yum yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in for the first time today , staff was friendly ! had the bee cosmopolitan and the acai bowl and both were great , a bit pricey but definitely worth it ! i ca n't wait to go back again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent choice ! ! found this place by accident while on vacation . stopped in for a smoothie ( bff smoothie ) and also picked up the banana leather with cashew butter . what and excellent choice ! planned to just eat one or two pieces , but ate all 5 strips . it was that good ! the cashew butter was an amazing addition . the smoothie was excellent also !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great juice great environment and ambiance . service was very enjoyable too ! wide variety of home made nut milks , and tons of vegan options were very appealing as well . would definitely return or stock up on juice and nut milk for the home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "located in an odd shopping center of henderson ( which is why it took me so long to discover this place ) is a diamond in the rough . this might be the coolest juice bar i 've seen yet . most juice bars are set up with a small lobby with refrigerator of juices , but this one is more like starbucks meets a juice bar . they have couches , tables , an actual `` juice bar '' , and they even have a giant scrabble board . they encourage you to hang out there ... not just to grab your juice and go . they have at least over 10 different flavors to choose from . i tried the bewhealthy which is a mixture of green vegetables and slightly sweetened with fruit . i loved it ! they have great customer service , amazing juices , and overall a great environment to hang out . i 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you john for mastering our amazing coffee drink\u203c if you are looking for a supreme , high vibrational coffee drink go get from here ! ask for the angela special . super super beyond yummy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am completely obsessed with this place ! all good vibes & amazing fresh juices ! if your looking for a good spot to grab a healthy fresh pressed juice this is the place to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to juice standard many times and have aimlessly chosen a juice i think might benefit me . first time going to this location and plan to return here frequently . aside from exceptional customer service , stacie really opened my eyes and tastebuds to a new juice experience . she is very knowledgable about all ingredients and their benefits and i am very happy to have met her . recommend juice standard above all cold press juice companies in las vegas . also ! try their food , it will blow your mind . lemon cake pops are vegan and so good . nut butter is amazing and has so many health benefits .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stacy has got it going on ! knowledgeable , friendly , considerate with time and wants to ensure that the customer is informed about all the nutritional benefits of the product being offered.a little bit pricey but you get what you pay for and this is grade a organic produce .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decided to finally try it out after my friend recommended their juices . just be prepared since the drinks range from $ 9 - $ 13 dollars depending on what you get , but it 's worth it if you 're seeking a healthy alternative . i appreciate that they do not need to sweeten their juices with stevia or sugar ( they sweeten some with raw agave and raw honey which i am okay with ) . one thing they have me hooked on its their bee legendary , a cashew nut milk with spices . yum ! i 'm really addicted !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing juice spot ! ran into this whole visiting lv and was in dire need of a pick me up . we ended up getting a couple fresh pressed juices and a nut juice and it was sooooo fresh . james helped us out and even let us sample a few so we could figure out what we liked and he was oh so patient . the manager on duty however was n't very friendly and was pretty dry ( literally drier than vegas in the summer time ) . but seriously if your in the area make sure to stop by and pick up a few fresh juices , trust me your liver will thank you later : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here and this place is pretty awesome . all organic ingredients and a great selection of fresh juices and smoothies . great portion for the price you pay . the staff is knowlagable and very nice , also the store is very clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not only is this place amazing for your health but the staff is amazing too ! stacie is an amazing staff member who took her time to explain to my husband and i about everything on the menu and the health benefits . you do n't find customer service like that too often . thank you stacie ! when you go ask for stacie , you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly staff however the chia pudding i had has absolutely no flavor for six dollars and the juice is a little bit overpriced almost $ 10 i think nine dollars was the price i was in that atmosphere is nice if i did n't have to know on top of my putting it would taste like nothing which is n't a good sign especially for six dollars", "score": "4"}
{"review": "talked to stacie and got to sample her fantastic vegan zucchini pizza before it 's out on the menu -- so great ! they have many great vegan and vegetarian options here . will be back in for this one when it comes out ! also , the cashew nutmilks here are so good -- i 'll have to try not to over-indulge : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "renaissance is like a salvation army or value village with a solid focus on supporting the local community . this one is 3 stories under the weird and wonderful arches of the plaza st hubert . it 's hit or miss because that 's how second hand shopping works , , and i 've never had the best luck here but i love it anyway .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great thrift store . large , organized , set prices . especially good for vintage furniture . free parking ( tricky with one way streets so look out ! )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "multi-level charity shop . very packed . but not with great stock . i have been a couple of time and i always find the stuff to be bagned up , mismatch and just old and faded . but it 's a big place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my husband is a huge fan of hunan food but oh man ! the owner is so snobby . we 've been there approx . 6-7 times , half of the times they messed up a dish or two . she never really apologized or gave us discount . all she kept saying is that `` the restaurant is so good that many customers from small towns outside gta would come a long way to eat here '' . i 'm like , is this has anything to do with my meal ? anyway after several disappointments we just stopped going . to be fair , the waitresses there are just fine . it 's just the owner i can not stand . their food , sometimes when it 's good , is really good . but the quality just fluctuates , like , every time you go it 's like a surprise party .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "amazing food ! their lamb skewers are a speciality . so delicious . great cold noodles , too . i also like their lamb on a plate served with the white buns .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hunan food is generally hard to find . we are particularly picky when it comes to chinese , and we we thrilled to have found hunan garden . we ate at 3:30 in the afternoon on sunday , and they were still doing brisk business . we ordered too much food for the two of us - but we knew we would ( since we have to drive more than an hour to get here ) . we had a noodle dish for an appetizer , mao 's red braised pork , pork and tofu , and a mushroom dish . it was all good , and we 'll be back with a larger group next time . the only complaint is that the spiciness rating was inconsistent on some of the dishes - some items with more peppers on the menu were not as spicy as other dishes with fewer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we sat at the bar ... excellent service and great food . we love this restaurant for its ambiance and their tacos . sean the bartender is outstanding . across from us was the weather anchor for channel 3 , so this is the place for the locals ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the chicken fajita rice bowl with creamy white rice . the food was excellent ! chips have a bit of a lime zest to them and very fresh taste ! the chef even came out to ask us how our food was ! ! the place is very modern inside staff is very friendly and although they were busy we got our food rather quickly ! looks like a great place to come for happy hour ! we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the second time my partner and i have dined here and i really want to like this place . the service is meh as is the food . this trip we ordered the green chili quesadilla and there was way too much cheese on it and i am always leery of a mexican food restaurant that uses yellow cheese . ooh well , i got over the bland quesadilla and ordered a shredded beef darado taco and there was no spice to it ! my partner ordered the tinga shrimp taco and it was also a fail . the chips were stale and blah . i do like the salsa but the guacamole is horrible , who puts pomegranate seeds in guac ! ? ! i get they are trying to me new age but they need to get the basics right first .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "trendy mexican restaurant . we were at the biltmore for a conference and decided to sneak away somewhere close for some mexican . the atmosphere is open and inviting and service very friendly . now for the food ... not the best , not the worst . but as east-coasters visiting phoenix we expected a lot more from a mexican restaurant rated 4.5 stars . chips and salsa : excellent . 3 different salas , and fresh , warm , salty chips . good start . guacamole : meh . it was not as fresh as we expected , and lacked flavor . portion is generous , however , and when combined with the salsas went down easy . tacos : some standouts , some good . standouts were the mahi mahi and smoked brisket . the smoked pork was good but not memorable . corn tortillas were excellent . the veggies extras sauces for the tacos seemed a bit of an afterthought . overall , 3.5 stars . great service , good food . but we were hoping for waaaaaay more from a mexican restaurant less than 2 hours from the us-mexican border .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so just went there two days ago for my birthday , and what happened ? the tacos were totally different . we were laughing at my shrimp taco it only had one piece of shrimp . also i get the sex appeal bartenders are sexy that 's how they get tips but the girl back there had practically all her boobs popping out . like seriously it 's 3pm not 11pm . i would not recommend this place as a `` family friendly establishment '' man i really liked you guys but looks like you 've guys changed for the worse . bummer !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i have been going to mexx32 for about last 9 months . i do enjoy their tacos ! ! i love the complimentary chips and salsa ( s ) . my all time favorite thing about mexx32 is the margaritas ! i love margaritas and i especially love when they are made correctly ! ! they have traditional and new creations . so try them out ! monday is `` margarita monday '' $ 3 traditional margaritas all night and some other beer specials ! great decor and in the spring it 's so nice to sit on the patio and just relax with good drinks and conversation ! as long as we live in the area we 'll keep coming ! the staff is attentive and always polite !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had dinner here a few nights ago with my sister and brother-in-law after the coyotes blackhawks game . it was amazing ! we all tried various tacos and the chicken enchilada . everything was so fresh and delicious ! the new decor really looks great too ! i ca n't wait to go back this week ! you wo n't be disappointed ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in after work to get a burrito to go . i 've have n't been before and ordered the smoked brisket burrito . when i got home and opened the bag , i found that my 9.75 purchased me this tiny 6 inch burrito . and i feel like i 'm being generous by saying it was six inches . the menu claimed that there was gon na be cheese and sauce in the burrito . that must have been a typo . it was filed with only dry brisket . needless to say i will not be coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we tried this place on a whim after driving by . while the atmosphere really drew us in , we were glad we stayed for the food . per our server 's recommendation , we selected the pork , carne asada , cod , and shrimp tacos . overall , the tacos and drinks were good . not sure how these tacos compare to others in the valley ( we are new to the area ) but we enjoyed them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good quality , healthy mexican food ! well , the experience here was mostly good . all the food was very tasty . i was not very impressed with the brisket taco . it was very dry . i am very spoiled when it comes to brisket . little miss bbq is the best bbq in az and has the most incredible brisket you will ever taste ! now the service . it was good , and our server patrick was a very nice guy who was attentive and definitely cares about customer service . my only suggestion to him is to tone down his energy , be more relaxed , and talk much slower . there was this older lady ( some kind of supervisor manager ) that was going around yelling at some of the servers other managers . she stood right in front of our table , about 2 feet from us , and was scolding a staff member . your the one who should be scolded lady . customer service 101- do n't argue or scold your staff right in front of customers . i do n't think lenny would be happy with you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome place with amazing street tacos . come in a tuesdays for taco tuesday or for their happy hours . you 'll find some really awesome happy each time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when this was revoburrito it was much better . fish tacos were the best ! the old ambiance was much better also . it has become another upscale posh money maker . the tables are so small you can barely fit 2 dinner plates water and a drink and chips without feeling like something will end up on the floor ! i used to go there weekly for their fish tacos and now i do n't go there anymore because they changed the recipe and they are not good at all . sad : ( used to be my go to place for fish tacos but not anymore : (", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best brisket tacos and guacamole . would highly recommend . plus we were met at the door by the kindest and happiest young man , jose . great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here , and all i have to say is amazing ! ! ! ! our server ( kari ? ) was very sweet and attentive and the food was sooo good . we ordered tacos and they are the best street tacos i 've had in az . they are way bigger than the normal ones you may have had before and all of the ingredients are delicious . i had the pork , carne asada , and shrimp . yum ! ! also , happy hour goes until 7pm ! we went for a hike and did n't yelp for hh places and thought for sure no where still had happy hour but they did . my fianc\u00e9 heard about this place from his boss- we also go to delux ( next door ) all the time as well . highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love this place ! ! aside from the food and drinks being completely delicious , the layout and vibe to the entire restaurant is so fun ! ! i love the modern , relaxing , yet fun feel ! not to mention -- the outdoor seating was one of my favorite parts !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are in town for a tournament and needed a quick bite before the game . this was nearby and the prices were very reasonable and the food was awesome . my son is a picky eater as well and the waitress was very happy to run to their burger place next door to pick up an order for us . if you are ever in phoenix this is a place to go and you can enjoy the sports game as well . great vibe and atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome margaritas ! ! there tacos are amazing ! great service ! ! they are very friendly and reasonably priced . the atmosphere is awesome and vibrant !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decent . that about sums it up . $ 9-11 for well prepared , good sized , a-la carte burritos . nothing special . chips had good flavor . nice selection of salsas though the pico was unnecessary . arrived after 9 for dinner . mostly empty . the servers were paying a ton of attention to a table of 20-something ( age ) women.they were all laughing and having a grand time . service was polite . just ok. only attempt to up sell was guac for $ 9 . tasty and a good portion . fair . drink refills were slow . when not paying attention to the pretty women , workers seemed most interested in the tvs in the bar . no suggestion of dessert . 2nd time here . and , yeah : decent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "used to frequent revo burrito and i 'm happy to say mexx 32 is definitely an upgrade . the atmosphere is trendy , yet relaxing . the staff is friendly , and knowledgeable . came here with a few friends at 11:30pm on a thursday and was happy to find they serve their normal menu until 12 , and have a late night menu until 2am ! it 's so hard to find late night spots that serve food in this area of the city , and do n't rush you out the door . my favorite cocktail so far is the paloma altos . fantastic refreshing grapefruit cocktail for the hot days ahead . and who could could forget the creamy rice ! which is just as good as i remember it ! the healthy options are always a nice touch too . although i recommend the chicken fajita creamy rice bowl or revo breakfast burrito red enchilada style . the owner even stopped by to ask how our evening had gone and to recommend the tacos . looking forward to giving them a try on our next visit : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service . thank you felicia ! happened on this place by accident . incredible street tacos , creamed rice and the signature cocktail , could drink for days ... . unexpectedly wonderful . great atmosphere and relaxed vibe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience . superb service . had 6 different tacos and each one was really good . the creamy rice was the best . try the guac with pomegranate seeds . very refreshing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent ! not the best i 've ever had , but absolutely worth the trip . the asada had a nice burnt crisp to it , which tasted great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i read the reviews but as a visitor to the area i could not determine from the website and reviews if this was a nightclub with food or a restaurant with extended hours . i arrived shortly before 7 p.m. and the crowd was families , dates , and girls and boys nights . the location was convenient , atmosphere was trendy , service prompt and attentive , and the food was terrific !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is always good , today they were off their game . the table service was fine but the good took 39 minutes to appear , it was pretty slow in the place so that did n't seem to be the reason why . when the food did come up the orders were mixed up and we had to play food swap . i would visit again as this is not par for the place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came in on a sunday night with my boyfriend and brittany was our bartender she was so sweet . it was our first time and the food was great and drinks were delicious ! she told us about taco tuesday we will be back for that ! thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed my visit to mexx 32 . the food , service and atmosphere were great . tessa was our server and she was excellent . chico is another server , who is a great friend of mine , referred me to the place . he stopped by our table to help w recommendations . guacamole w pomegranate seeds was tasty . my gf and i share the mexx 32 chopped salad w- carne asada . it came with a fresh basil buttermilk dressing that i loved . also ordered 3 taco plate w 3 different selections . a smoked pork , battered cod and mushroom chipotle w creamy rice and black beans . best flavors i 've had in awhile ! i will be back for more . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really great , elevated mexican food . the service was prompt and the food quality was great . we came for lunch but this would be a great happy hour spot too . we plan to come back to try `` phoenix 's best margarita '' for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tough to obtain a `` trendy go to spot '' when in a strip mall but they nailed it . such a cool vibe and outstanding menu to match . the corn tortilla , smoked brisket tacos were very impressive ! excellent service too ... ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food . margarita was good but it was 9.00 and mostly ice ! less ice more liquid please ! ! ! come on !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great taco tuesday . we really enjoyed the fried tacos for $ 3 with a couple tecates . hip little spot ..open til 2am i would recommend the beef.. it was delish", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a solid 4.5 stars and now one of my favorite mexican restaurants in the u.s. noting that i am devoid of quality in south florida . fantastic tacos ( had the brisket and chicken ) in insanely delicious soft corn shells that i have never had before , two great multi-cheese enchiladas and a great creamy white rice with black beans . margueritas also were great although small . restaurant is really nice and at a great location . highly recommend this place and certainly wanted to try many other items .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best spot to get some yummy tacos , a delicious margarita , and relax after a hard day at work . i love the vibe inside and the staff is very friendly . i love this place ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here late on a monday night because it was one of the few places still open for dinner . i was very pleasantly surprised ! the food was excellent and our drinks were tasty . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first visit impressions : hip atmosphere , excellent wait staff , owner works the room and makes patrons feel welcome , food very good , margaritas very good . in general , very good experience and definitely worth returning again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pleasantly surprised ! great vibe , nice food and drinks . went around 5:30pm . the bar area was full of people having drinks and eating . service was good and we were seated promptly . warm chips and salsa came out right away . the signature margarita is excellent . the guacamole is house made . tacos were filled with smoked brisket , and the burritos were very filling . will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "princes street gardens is indeed a lovely place for a stroll , or for a picnic on a bench . great views of edinburgh castle on the one side and prince street on the other . the gardens are very nicely maintained , too . just a lovely place to be !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the perfect place to go to take a break from the bustle of princes street , particularly if the art gallery is n't for you . popular activities include sun dances ( for my friends anyway ) , shopping in the market or going to the funfair in the holiday season , enjoying fringe events or musical performances , and simply relaxing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bad music . bad food . overpriced . it 's a pop-country nightmare that steals your money and your time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "to tell you the truth , my apartment is across the street and i pretty much have `` cheers '' status ( they know me by name ) so i might be bias with the 5 stars . but wanted to state the things i like from a local prospective . first if you have n't looked inside , do it ! it use to be an old bank and then turned to a bar . its actually really stunning so do n't let the saloon part throw u off . second , games everywhere ! also every monday it 's free games . pool , air hockey , golden tee , pop a shot , etc . everything is free ( except for that punching bag game ) third , great place to pregame before tribe and cavs games since it 's so close .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came to cleveland for the rnc . great bar with great food and so many ways to have a good time . so many games like air hockey , golden tee , pool , ping pong and bocci ball . crazy fun time . the mgr justin was super cool . great time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were pleasantly surprise as this was our first time here . we ordered the quesadilla which was fantastic . made with pot roast and smokey cheese . a different twist to quesadilla . the chili cheese fries and chicken fingers were also very tasty . we used our cleseats app and saved 15 % off our bill . there was a lot going on in there including arcade games , basket ball , pool tables also live music .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was here at a networking event and the place is quite small and if it gets crowned its hard to move around as the lay out of the place ism't great . they do have good couch areas to sit down and relax with a drink . the bar staff was low on a busy friday night and that caused a deal at the bar . although low on staff they were all friendly even people working on the floor . they did have a coat check area as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my experience was great , like other positive reviewers in early 2014 . its district is generally a waste of time trying to gain entry after 11pm , so for last minute spontaneity , this lounge fit the bill pleasantly for me . competitive advantages include not making you wait out in the cold of a disoriented line , polite bouncers , a classy ambiance , and finally a classy crowd . i felt like i was smarter than the people waiting in line at other snooty joints . you ask , there must be drawbacks if this is the only place without a line in the area ? well sure , i 'd say some are it being bar-sized , less people , no specific dance area ( a pro ) , high drink prices , and not much else than indicated to write home about . so for a last minute bind , this place is a little gem .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for an event . music was good but the place was downright sloppy . this is winter and we were feeling very sweaty as the place has bad ventilation and it felt like i was dancing in a steam room . the place is run down and kind of dirty . it 's almost impossible to get a drink yet when you can they are hella overpriced ! 9 $ for shots ? ? $ 11 for j\u00e4ger bombs . not only that , the bartenders give themselves hefty tips ( paid for a $ 8 drink with a 20 and the bartender gave back $ 8 before running away . if you 're going to give yourself a 50 % tip at least say thank you ) . would not come back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i came here for a private tiff party . and by private , i mean , an alumni event that was tangentially related to tiff ! actually , one of the board members of tiff was hosting the event . at any rate , this lounge is fairly small and intimate . crowds of 20 create an emergency exit hazard ! in front of the bar and to the far end , there are small seating areas lined up against the walls . i imagine these convert to bottle service at night . the bar was well stocked and our drink tickets covered any drink in the bar . the place has a terrible ventilation system and with the crowds , the lounge is a sweltering inferno . overall , i enjoyed myself and the crowd in the party was ok too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wish i had before and after pictures ! marie did a cleanup on our empty rental - the toilets and showers never looked so good . the rest of the house was spectacular as well . she 's thorough and very hard working . well worth the money . we will use her again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this will be my first review ever . i used a few other cleaning services before and was n't thrilled . my thought was always `` meh ... ..i guess it looks ok. '' then i 'd go through and clean up all of the missed things around the house . after using marie 's service , my immediate thought was `` those other companies would be embarrassed if we compared the quality of service quality of work ! '' . needless to say , i 'll be using her service regularly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "constantly amazed by marie and her team . by far the greatest cleaning service i have used . in less than two hours they are able to clean my house to an extent that would take me days to achieve by myself . for the amount of work they do , it is very affordable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marie and her crew started off with satisfactory service . they charge $ 85 to clean a 2 bedroom , 1 bathroom apartment in tempe , which is about 500-600 sq ft. we try to leave the girls a little extra most times to express our gratitude . however , that will no longer be happening after the `` job '' that was done today . this company made $ 100 in less than an hour for service that was far from mediocre . the floors were not cleaned , counters were unwashed , and a hair was left in the microwave . this is the type of service nobody should have to tolerate , and we will no longer be using this company for any cleaning service . you will likely have some good results to start but unless you stay at home to make sure the job is done each visit , the results will not last . given on how poorly this company did today and the amount of money we paid for a service that was not even close to being fulfilled , i do not recommend this company at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it has been about 3 years since i 've started using marie for cleaning my house . the price is extremely affordable , her crew is spectacular and the house always comes out sparkling clean . if you ask for a focus on one area , they 'll really focus on that area . i have n't ever had an issue with items or money going missing , i often leave money out on the counters . i have a house full of dogs , and they 're able to make my house look like i have no dogs . now , if only they 'd do dog baths while they were here too ... business idea ? : ) i highly recommend marie and her crew .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i scheduled a clean for 7am this morning based on the reviews and pleasant conversation i had with marie when i called . it is now 12:30 and no one has shown up and no one has returned my call from the message i left this morning at 7:45 to inquire where the crew was .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome service ! ! they did a phenomenal job in great time . i would recommend them to anyone and will be signing up for regular cleaning . great people and great price !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marie and her team came to clean our home for the first time and it was amazing . i have never had another company pay such attention to detail . we recently had construction taking place in the home and there was dust and grime everywhere . she was very thorough and when her team was done our home was spotless and looked new again . she also only uses natural products - no dangerous chemicals ! thank you marie ... eric", "score": "5"}
{"review": "she cleaned the entire home quickly and did an amazing job . i have started using her services consistently and am very satisfied ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been using marie 's cleaning service for years and would n't consider using anyone else . i 'm a tad obsessive compulsive and the job they do satisfies even my needs ; she and her crew leave the place looking spotless and smelling great every time . she 's always on time or early , and has been incredibly flexible with scheduling changes . i 've recommended her to many of my own clients and will continue to do so . hands down the best there is .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so happy i found marie ! ! i was so overwhelmed with work and kids that when it came to the cleaning project i had at home i did n't know where to start so the mess just got bigger . i started to have anxiety that i was going to end up on that tv show hoarders . that 's when marie came in she cleaned my whole house top to bottom . i felt like whitney houston in waiting to exhale i felt so relieved a huge weight was lifted off my shoulders . marie left my house sparkling clean", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marie and her team are fantastic ! flexible with schedule and always go above and beyond . great with all of our pets and working around the boys ' lego creations that are usually out on a desk or table when she arrives .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service ! this cleaning service does it all ... . they do n't miss a spot ! very professional and not lazy ! they did a great job in every room , i recommend calling marie ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marie and her crew had their work cut out for them when i hired them to do a deep clean of my house . she charged a super reasonable price . they did an excellent job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had marie and team clean my house on multiple occasions . every time they have done a great job and do n't have a problem work around my large dog . i hope to continue working with her in the future and recommend her to friends co-workers whenever possible !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding ! marie did an excellent job with her crew . i own a rental property in tempe and am thrilled with the clean up job marie and her staff did after my tenants moved out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my house has n't been professionally cleaned in about 4 and a half years . two kids , 3 cats , and two working parents leaves little time for a good deep cleaning . marie , and her crew came in today and did a fabulous job . it was so nice to come home to a clean home . i told my husband even my light bulbs sparkle ! for my 1800sq home it took the crew about 2 and a half hours . i am completely blown away with what they did ! shelves that have n't had a good dust in sometime and now dusted . wine bottles that sit unopened are dusted . thank you marie and your crew , you gave this mama a piece of mind this holiday season . i will defineitly be setting up monthly cleaning sessions for our home with you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been using marie for almost 3 years now . it is absolutely the best thing i have done . coming home to a clean house and knowing that my house is spotless every time is an amazing feeling . not spending time cleaning has been great for freeing up time with my family . i have recommended marie to my parents and friends and everyone has been extremely happy with what she does ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marie and her crew are the best ! we have used several professional home cleaning services for our houses in chandler and flagstaff . marie 's is far superior , from the first deep clean , which was amazing , to the biweekly service we have received for the past year . i especially appreciate her professionalism and responsiveness , and how efficient and friendly she and her workers are to us and our pets . we and our house can be challenging at times , and this business exceeds with squeaky clean results , taking excellent care of our home , and accommodating our needs . and the price is right ! i have been delighted since being referred to marie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here every once in a while to pick up some sports items . mostly tennis balls and some fitness gear clothing . this place is rather large and expansive , offering a lot of selections in shoes , brand names , gear for the popular sports ... so get ready to walk around a bit if you are shopping around or looking for something specific . my last visit here was n't particularly great . it seemed like the store was undergoing a re-organization so there was a whole section that was in disarray and or moving somewhere else . the staff that work here seem to be mostly high-school students ... you get what you pay for i guess ... . they can be helpful at times , but sometimes they can be wrapped up in their own work-life dramas and interpersonal relationships . this is just by observation as i saw these two girl cashiers gossiping about one of the other employees or the managers while i waited in line for forever .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this dick 's used to have excellent customer service . i do n't know what changed , but they do n't any more . in fact , the people who work there are now kind of ... ok , well , perhaps that joke is a little too obvious . seriously , though . i do n't care how much cool stuff you have or how awesome your sales are . if i ask you if you have a shoe in a certain size and you answer `` probably not '' and walk away without even looking at me , i wo n't be buying anything from your store . well , i suppose this is why they invented zappos .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible customer service at this location . can never find anyone to wait on us and when we finally do , they have no product knowledge what so ever . sad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't often find my way to sporting goods stores . it 's probably because we have so much stuff already . so when i end up at dick 's , it is because i 'm looking for something specific . but this place is so large , i usually need help finding it . sure , they have sections where you can narrow your search , but you 'll often need help really getting down to the nitty-gritty . that 's where it can be problematic . it 's like the old problem of having everything in the world - where would you put it ? that 's the issue here . they have all sorts of stuff , and have ( apparently ) figured out where to put it . you just ca n't find it . and often , you ca n't find someone to help you find it . if you do , you 're typically okay .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of the few dick sporting good location but has poor service . are used to be a regular customer this location after getting burned several times with poor service i have switch stores . dick 's sporting goods is one of my favorite companies and i will continue to shop there . location at south park , which is the flagship store , is excellent . pineville location is also superior . unfortunately the matthew location is just not hitting all cylinders", "score": "1"}
{"review": "usual dicks made a full lap around the store without making eye contact with a single employee . 4 19 15 - 7:15- 7:40 . dang they suck just like my last review of dicks gastonia . same issues , just piss poor .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was really excited to order a kayak from them ordering it was fine . they didnt have the one i needed in stock so i had the store order it for me . they said that it would take two weeks to get there which was good bc summer is here . i called when they said it would be ready and they said it wasnt in . i called every week for several weeks asking if it was in . they kept telling me not on this truck call back . finally when it had been a month i called again and they told me that when i ordered it was out of stock and they had to get it from a manufacturer which takes longer and it would be in next week . now its summer and no kayak . i think that the people in this store have no clue what they are talking about and they all seem like they really dont care . still waiting for my kayak after it comes in i will not be back into the store again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "review is not so much about the food , which is typically fresh and flavourful . the service is great here with the manager and some of the staff having worked this location for more than 12 years . they remember you , they 're personable , they make you feel important , it 's like the cheers of the pita world . oh and line ups never last here - they are fast with service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i miss this place ! i use to eat here on a weekly basis when i worked in the downtown area . my favourite go to place for lunch whenever i 'm in the adelaide street west area . do n't let the small space put you off . you will not be disappointed , friendly staff and a quick healthy lunch . what more can you ask for . this place is a gem and the healthy yet tasty menu keeps me coming back for more . you 've got try this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good selection , great service and reasonable prices makes pita pit a winner in my books . i was in the mood for a quick but reasonably healthy lunch and decided to give pita place a try . walking in the door , the first thing you notice is the small space and lack of seating ( only 4 chairs and a small bench ) . do n't let this put you off . the menu itself is very comprehensive with lots of options for meat lovers and vegetarians alike . they also have salads along with the regular pitas if that 's what you 're craving . the staff are very friendly and like chatting with customers as they wait for their orders which is nice . $ 8 for a fresh , tasty lunch served with a smile means pita pit is definitely worth trying if you 're in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a very solid lunch spot . quick , priced right , friendly staff , lots of choices . big fan !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the vegetable not as fresh as i thought they would be . i asked for one line of hot sauce and the girl put too much hot sauce . i did not enjoy my pita this time : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this brought me immediately back to my university days . i ordered a chicken caesar pita and this tasted just like the ones in waterloo ! ! ! for a quick grab and go lunch you ca n't really go wrong .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly staff , good variety and fair prices . the only thing i do n't like is that sometimes the greens could be fresher , and ( not their fault ) customers need to stop leaning over the sneeze guard to point - especially the guys obviously fighting off colds ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place used to be great and is now a sh t show . should have know when i walked in today and there was no one in there , usually there 's a lineup . the girl behind the cash charged me the wrong price for my wrap - $ 9 after tax for a small chicken . then proceeded to put about 5 small cubes of it onto my wrap and grill it for about 30 seconds . what a rip ! ! they must be under new management or something , cuz the man who used to work there and maybe own it did a great job and it was bustling gangbusters . not anymore . avoid ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just eat delivery service : worst ever . never on time and the order is wrong 50 % of the time . waited 2 hours tonight for delivery . arrived cold . arrived wrong . come on guys .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "big fan . nice choice to bring into jays games , or for lunch . they 're welcoming towards my dog , too , so it saves me a trip home whenever i want to go . toppings are fresh , meat is flavourful and the pita rarely rips ( and if it does it 's because i 've asked them to stuff it a bit too much ... a guy 's got ta eat ) . new points program for the occasional free pita is great as well . stop in next time you 're in a hurry for a quick and tasty lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome greek wrap . reminded me college days with friendly over the counter girl managing whole place ( taking order , cooking and packing ) . i enjoyed this quick take out meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "staff is super friendly . i see in previous posts that there was no seating then , but i went in today and there were 4 chairs and a table . the guy who runs this place is nice and gave us a discount . he 's very positive about pita pit and really believes he 's offering a healthy and economic choice to higher fat fast food . i agree with him , pita pit is a good option .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "most of the staff running this place are very friendly , and have been around for years . it 's a solid place for a quick bite to eat late in this area . ca n't go wrong with the chicken breast pita if you spice it up with the right sauces .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good pita joint . i had the southwest chipotle steak and it was ok . the meat was delicious and hot but the bread and toppings were cold so i did n't enjoy the mix . service was friendly but not genuine . you do n't expect more though . a bit overpriced for the value . overall not bad , it wo n't be my first choice but i could go back sometime for a change .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so , i do n't play music but my bf loves his drums and so guess who 's going to guitar center , sam ash , etc etc ? dees one here ! i did peak in the piano music books and took a small trip down memory lane , remembering the alfred series in my 3-yr stint as a stuggling pianist . the bf was crushing hard on an e-drum set ( seriously , his eyes were bugging ) . i found a tin of beatles guitar pics for my dad as a stashed stocking stuffer for christmas marked $ 9.99 and i was charged $ 5.99 ! score ! i also really appreciate the fact that sam has live ( blues ) jam sessions on tuesdays bc my father will be over in 2 shakes of a lamb 's tail . staff was cool and friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my hunt for sheet music and music books sent me to this sam ash the other day . the location is a bit bizarre , methinks . would n't the only valley location for this make more sense in , oh i dunno , tempe ( and not some non-descript part of glendale ) ? ? in any event , the location was ( oddly-enough ) convenient for moi . it 's located in an old grocery store strip mall , all by its lonesome . but in the middle of the day it was more hoppin than i expected . the customer service peeps were more than accommodating . i had no idea what i was looking for , really , but they helped me spit it out . the instrument , guitar selection was wall-to-wall and went clear from the floor to the ceiling -- no space was unspoken for . i rarely frequent music stores , but this once they were great -- would def . go back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "helpful sales people and quiet . no shredders blasting marshals so it 's a great place to try out guitars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love visiting sam ash . their selection is very good and prices are n't bad . they do price match too under certain conditions . staff are often helpful and at least try to give you their best even if they 're not experts in the department ( which they 'll admit , rightfully ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a big , fun place to visit . prices are just ok unless its a sale item . ( i get most of my musical gear from e bay ) . they have lots of guitars , but not too many , or any , used and or vintage guitars , which is what i look for . they carry other band , string , and symphony instruments that other music stores do n't carry . every department is big- pro audio , home recording , guitars , etc . nice employees as well , unlike some guitar center dudes that think they are rock stars !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good for various things you need to try before buying and stuff you do n't want to wait to get online , but excessively pushy salesmen and complete lack of atmosphere makes this a really depressing to shop .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great customer service . i send my piano guitar students here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice big music store with everything you could ask for in the way of instruments , music , accessories , etc . service was very friendly and knowledgeable and they let my 11-year-old hold and try several instruments as he made up his mind about what he wants to play . the only drawback is that they do n't rent month-to-month and once he decided he 's going to try playing trumpet we did n't need a full year agreement as i have two trumpets at my parent 's house in tucson and just need to get them up to phoenix and cleaned up . however , in terms of service , pricing , and the overall quality of the experience , i give this place 5 stars . if you 're a musician , check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice quiet place to look at a variety of instruments . helpful staff who will leave you alone with a guitar and not treat you like a criminal if you touch something . got a good price on an old martin 12 string with a 30 day return policy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the folks at sam ash are first class ! the staff is both knowledgeable and helpful . they have dediicated long time employees who get to know their customers . pretty rare in these times . so thanks to the real musicians who help make music a pleasure again for us rusty ole timers . sam ash is my store . buck", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the drum department manager steve is great after changing my mind numerous times steve showed much patience with me . and was always very patient with me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in general i would give sam ash 3 stars based on my overall customer service experiences over the years . phil in the guitar repair department , however , does amazing work . i 've brought electric guitars to him in the past and the workmanship is outstanding . i recently dropped off an acoustic guitar i purchased used and phil told me about a week . after a week went by he got sick and was out for another week , so it was 16 days before i actually got the guitar back . it was frustrating and i was tempted to leave a bad review based on one bad experience - but once again the quality of work was exceptional .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just recently sold some used equipment . they were very nice , helped me unload . told me it was going to take a few moments . so i browsed around looking at a lot of cool stuff . this place had a whole lot of music equipment , new or used . liked their stage they had set up . showing live concerts on a screen . this place is really a nice place , great options , great crew . now why did i give them a 3-star review ? i understand they need to make a profit , i know they need to buy their used equipment low as possible . i did a lot better selling on e-bay and craigs list , but it was taking to much time . so i had to settle for what they offered only because of time constraints . but yes , i still think this place is cool !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm a drummer and sam ash is the place to go for all your drum needs . guitar center has a small selection and not nearly all of the smaller items i need . the staff is great and very knowledgeable . if they did n't have something i needed they would order it for me . the guitar section is just as big as guitar centers . i also know they have free clinics often , but i 've never been so i ca n't speak on how they are . basically it 's like guitar center as far as selection and prices go , but with a way better staff , and an actual care for their customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here after visiting guitar center . frustratingly enough , these guys had even less of a selection of banjos . the acoustic room seemed to be going under some type of renovation reset and the staff was more concerned with getting that done than helping actual customers . only a couple of the banjos were labeled and priced . no help ... time to move on .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . i 've really come to appreciate getting back to my musical roots and also the guitar center . both places are wonderful . i was pretty much blown away by the selection and the staff . i went there today with my pastor and his son and another one of the pastor 's son 's friends . fender and a few other music manufacturers were there and when i saw the evh guitar my heart skipped a beat . so i bought it ! yes another guitar but that 's ok. evh is owned by fender and fender 's are legendary and play great . eddie van halen is one of my all-time favorite guitarists and to have an evh is my arsenal ... is just awesome . it needs to be set up and tuned but wow . all i can say is wow . great store , amazing staff and i ca n't wait to go again soon ! ! ! thanks sam ash ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "until about two years ago guitar center was my central source of music gear . then i found sam ash through a friend and came to fall in love with their store . their customer service is great , always ready and willing to help with anything . i ca n't say i 've completely stop going to guitar center though , if i 'm shopping for gear and ca n't find it at sam ash i 'll check out gc . it 's not that sam ash could n't order it in for me , but i kind of like getting stuff now . but that 's my little character flaw , not theirs . oh , and one little thing that sam ash definitely has the upper hand on is that they sell band and orchestra instruments for some of us band nerds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i play in the ukulele meet up here and it 's a lot of fun . the staff are really nice , friendly , and accommodating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love this store for the variety of products and super helpful but never pushy staff . they encourage my kids to try all the instruments which i truly appreciate . only downside is that the kids never want to leave .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "knowledgeable and friendly staff . i shop in mostly the guitar department . great selection of guitars in the acoustic department . it would be nice to have more electric guitars to pick from . i buy most of my effect pedals here . it 's easier to find help in this store as opposed to some of the others .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm an old guy in my early 70 's who has been drumming off and on since we had calf skin heads back in the 50 's . my dear wife recently bought me not one but two drum sets . a yamaha gigmaker for the home studio and a small tama lightweight set for travel . the fine people at sam ashe , especially izzy the drum manager , helped us get the best package for our needs . these folks are number one !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ive been going here for three years now and have only had one bad experience . great guys and nice . i recommend talking with ben in guitars he 'll always tell you what you need to know and hes a nice guy too . great place to shop but little kids can be distracting . highly recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like sam ash sooooooo much better than that other place . the salesfolk seem to be genuinely interested in getting you the right piece . bought a nice guitar here for a very fair price . this is my first stop for gear shopping . go see tommy , he will treat you right .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! friendly , and well informed staff-especially young lady named lauren-she is so pleasant and helpful and great with kids . i will only purchase my music supplies here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these people are incompetent they left the windows down in my car i have leather interior i ask for a refund for my money and was denied . i have called corporate and i have call my bank regarding the charges i have posted pics as evidence of their incompetence", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was the auto bell that i often used during my lunch break . it is in a convenient location relative to university city , banks , a good gas station , a post office , and south 21 drive-in . i found that the employees at this particular location did an adequate job . they never left any trash in my car , unlike other auto bell locations . i usually went and stood by my car as they were finishing it up , to ( a ) make sure that they did n't miss any spots , and ( b ) to keep someone else from getting into my car and driving off . this is n't the worst area in clt , but i did n't take any chances . ps : i always tried to tip well , if the employees took extra pains to do a thorough job .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to love coming to this autobell ! it always did a great job ! lately their vacuum skills have been horrible and then when u tell them , they look at you like u asking for too much ! i do n't ever get the cheap option ! i always get the manger special , so i feel like i should get what i pay for ! disappointed for real ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been going to auto bell car wash for sometime now i 'm really disgusted at the two gentlemen at the end of the car wash today that just stood there while i had to get out and push my mirrors back in the place . the telephone number to the location goes to a customer call center not to the store where the problem can be dealt with directly and immediately this is not the way business is done .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice kids working here . service is good but not automatic ... .meaning you have to really inspect vehicle to make sure all the spots are gotten . they 're very fast and attentive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went to get a regular wash and i thought a vacuum on the 5 05 15 . the manager , who took my car to the vacuum machine never vacuum the floors . went back the second time to get it done . the manager on duty personally took my car again and drove it to the vacuum machine and had one of the workers vacuum the floors . i got ready to drive off and saw that the manager had locked my steering wheel . i bought it to his attention . he half apologized and just smirked at me . i drove away still a little upset about the situation . i did n't notice the debris was still there underneath the back seats , until i got home.the worker pretended to vacuum underneath the seats the whole time . the managers and some of the workers are rude , nasty and perform nasty tactics on your car .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "people there are not very friendly and mis-handled my article i wanted framed when we informed them that the quote for what they recommended was too expensive .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great shop , exceptional assistance & good direction for picking out framing materials & the best frame for whatever you are having done . excellent selections of frames & mat stock and really fast turn-around time . i found this gallery to be far superior to any other frame shop in the akron vicinity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the rudest salesman i ever seen in my life ! ! i went there to try some cars and after try one car i decided to go to another dealer that the salesman said puuffff and turn around and i tried to shake hand with him he takes his hand away . i 'll never go back to that place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "have to give one star to post , but doesn ' deserve that high a rating . avoid this dealership for service . i placed three calls to the service department with no return calls . obviously they are not in need of business . was completely satisfied with service by larry miller hyundai in peoria . will use that service from now on .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "john paul and the rest of the staff at earnhardt hyundai made my experience great ! john paul was not only approachable but relatable and made me feel comfortable from the moment we met making our car buying experience what we wanted it to be . thanks jp ! we 'll send our friends to you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "boo ... learning the hard way that there is nothing easy about ending our hyundai lease . glad to know the are n't interested in getting us into a new hyundai and more worried about what a hassle we are . plus side- guess we wo n't have to worry about this in the future .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome dealership and experience we had buying our cars . very friendly staff , awesome salesperson - james was very honest , knowledgeable and patient with us as we made our decisions . not only was our salesman knowledgeable about the different cars and options , he made sure we were comfortable and not pressured . the entire staff-including finance , sales management , parts dept were all very pleasant to work with . it made for a very great experience . we ultimately bought 2 cars from this dealer and now recommend them to all of our friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me preface by saying i despise buying cars in a dealership , bordering on phobic . so my experience with earnhardt 's was a true pleasure . i walked into earnhardt 's and was greeted by vince carranza , a soft spoken man with a gentle demeanor . i explained i could not do the back and forth i just wanted a quote for the lowest price out the door . he went to gavin cooper , sales manager , and came back with a detailed fair quote . i of course went on to other dealerships to get other quotes . in the end gavin 's quote was almost $ 3,000 less then chapman , with far less heartache . i thank both of these men for their patience with me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my second purchase from this dealership and both times my experience was great ! ! very friendly and helpful staff did whatever it took to make things work . i did n't feel pressured at any point . they really seemed to want what was best for me , not what was best for them . car dealerships get a bad rap sometimes , so give these guys a try ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to earnhardt hyundai in avondale to test drive the 2014 santa fe limited . wanted to only test drive , but it was a great vehicle and they had great specials on it since it was a 2014 , we could not pass up the opportunity to try to work out a deal . jonathan stramecky was the salesman that helped us . he was wonderful to work with and he had a great personality that sometimes salesman are lacking . he explained all of the features of the car so we felt comfortable before driving off the lot . most of the individuals we interacted with at this location were all very friendly and not pushy like previous car buying experiences we have had . overall it was a great experience and would highly recommend earnhardt hyundai in avondale .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had to turn in a leased vehicle and after my refusals from other hyundai dealerships , avondale hyundai was extremely helpful ! when i came in , ariel , a sales person was extremely helpful and really made the experience better than i could have imagined !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought a new hyundai elantra from earnhardt hyundai michael portugal was great and found me the color and package that i was looking for . showed me all my options and did a test drive . the paperwork was quick . my car was detailed and ready for me to take home in no time . painless experience ... thank you ! i would highly recommend michael portugal from earnhardt hyundai ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was my first time buying a car , shayne was really helpful and found me the car i wanted within my budget . i 'll be back when i 'm ready for my next upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this car dealership seriously treats their customers like people ... .not bank accounts . i 've purchased two cars from them , and each time they 've been patient and willing to answer my questions . although my credit is not shining they are perfectly willing to let me test drive any car on their lot . i 've gone to other local hyundai dealers who ran my credit-and the told me they didnt have the car i wanted to see on the lot ( a new elantra ) . i went two weeks later to earnhardt avondale where they let me test drive vehicles before even asking about my credit . if i ever need to have my car serviced the services attendents are accomidating and friendly while i wait . if you 're looking for a new car i recommend this place , as well as a hyundai !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been in the market for a new car trying to get out from an old bmw and i went to camelback hyundai first and had a horrible experience . after reading reviews online decided to go to avondale . my sales guy was riley and he was amazing . made the process so easy and much less stressful , even though it 's not close to my house it was so worth the drive to get the car i wanted and get rid of the old bmw . thanks guys i will be recommending you in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my salesman , jonathan , was excellent ! he made it a very relaxed experience , without any pressure or stress ! jonathan was very knowledgeable not only about the car itself , but the entire purchase process . buying from earnhardt hyundai , and jonathan , was definitely an experience that i can recommend to others !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in to get my key fob programed and was informed a couple parts were recalled and would be replaced under warranty . i had to return again and had such a pleasant experience with the staff , particularly michelle . she went beyond the service and made personal connections with me while remaining professional . her customer service alone is the reason i will return . the service to my vehicle and care taken were also exceptional .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a good purchase experience except they pushed some crappy after market alarm that does n't work with the car i purchased . i had to take it back numerous times and they could never get it to work with my car so i had it removed . other than that i would recommend these guys and would purchase here again . my salesman michael portugal was great to work with .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had my wifes santa fe repaired almost a year ago , they replaced a compressor and a few other parts in the ac . did a warranty cv boot repair . and in doing so screwed the brakes up , they chatter and anti lock will not work . i argued with them until i was blue in the face and they said they never touched the brakes . then why didnt they work when we drove it off the lot ? but they worked fine when we brought it in . now the air doesnt work and they want 135.00 to diagnose the problem . the tech said it should blow about 30-40 deg . at this time in the morning ( 9am ) . i bet it was blowing no less than 60 deg . forget it ! you have enough of my money . i feel the mechanics there fiddle with other things so you will come back for more service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was my first time leasing a car , and ( even though it was car shopping ) , i honestly ca n't say enough positive things about my experience . jeremy clark helped me throughout the entire process . he was very patient with me as i test drove , asked questions , and even took a bit of time to make up my mind - but i never once felt pressured . and when i decided on a 2017 elantra se , he was able to get me the exact vehicle that i wanted , along with an excellent , no-hassle finance package . jeremy has also followed up with me to make sure that i am satisfied with my new vehicle , and that i did n't have any questions concerns ( which i appreciated ) . my new elantra is also the fifth vehicle that myself my family have collectively leased purchased from this dealership - and it 's this kind of great customer service that keeps us coming back . thank you , earnhardt hyundai !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eddie nunez was very straight forward with me and answered all my questions . i told him exactly what i was looking for and he really nailed it in helping me find the perfect car at great a deal . eddie even got a hold of the previous owner to get me the spare keys ! the service was definitely above and beyond . will definitely recommend earnhardt hyundai to any friends , family , or co-workers looking to purchase a car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i checked internet . then i went to dealer shop . i knew what i want . so i got a good deal . so far , my new sonata looking good . talk to eddie . he is easy to work with", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though we used the internet to do all of our car shopping , eric steffes connected with us in a friendly , human way . when we arrived at the dealership to pick up the car eric was even more helpful , friendly and ... human ! i can say without hesitation that the complete car buying experience at earnhardt avondale hyundai was the best car buying experience i have ever had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eric , our salesman , was amazing ! i knew what i wanted when i went in and he delivered exactly what i wanted . we went in just to look at the difference between an se and a sport model of the sonata but i had already driven the sport so that was my interest . i got the best deal on a brand new car than ever before and i could not be any happier ! we showed up little over an hour before closing time but they stayed until all was said and done and had the energy as if their day just started . i am very happy with this dealership and highly recommend them ! and the car is a smooth ride with the luxuries i need for my life and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this dealership ! no cheating , no push . lower price with better service . they provide me everything ready for me . james is a very good salesman !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eric steffes and the rest of the staff are absolutely fantastic . they listen and make you feel at ease about the whole process . it was my first time actually buying a car and they took that edge off completely . eric is very laid back and did n't pressure me into buying something i could n't afford or i did n't really want . he understood what i was looking for and delivered . i was introduced to the rest of the staff that i would be seeing in the future ( service members ) . they too were sweet . i was well taken care of . i will be coming back in the future and will refer others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a wonderful experience at this dealership . our salesman jeremy went above and beyond to get us exactly what we needed . after getting our car home , we realized it was not going to work for our needs . the sales manager , gavin , and the finance manager , chris , worked with us to get us exactly what we needed and for an extremely reasonable price . we will definitely be buying another hyundai and will make sure to come here and have jeremy as our salesperson . thanks again jeremy , gavin and chris ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a pleasure to visit this team . only in for a routine maintenance visit and still treated like a vip . so happy i purchased from this dealership and always enjoy the return visits for service . do yourself a favor - purchasing or servicing a vehicle , stop by earnhardt hyundai in avondale .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had an excellent experience . max was the right guy for us . he was very laid-back and knowledge . he took his time with my husband and i. max helped us find the right car at the right price . we could n't be happier with our experience . this is the second time i have purchase a car at hyundai avondale and will definitely be back in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ask for chris suhler if you are looking for a new vehicle . he is very low key and asks great questions that where very helpful when my wife and i where trying to make a decision on the type of vehicle we wanted to purchase .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are new to the arizona area and was looking to purchase our 3rd hyundai vehicle . the sales group at earnhardt was attentive and very helpful in reaching our goal . everyone was very informative and making sure we received the best deal possible . would recommend this dearlership to anyone looking to purchase a hyundai vehicle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came into earnhardt hyundai in avondale last weekend and was just a little intimidated as it was my first time looking into a buying a new car but with the help of max i was able to find the exact car that fit my lifestyle and price ! it was an easy going environment , everyone was very friendly and patient ! i am now in a new hyundai elantra and i could n't be happier thank you earnhardt hyundai and thank you max ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like that everyone i talked to was friendly and very helpful from the moment i walked on the lot all the way to the moment i drove off of the lot in my new 2017 hyundai ! was not pushy at all and i felt like they were willing to deal with me through every step of the way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my second new car purchase with this dealership . riley o'conner gave excellent customer service from our first online contact and answered all questions from that point through purchase process and after . jimmy , finance guy found me an even better deal then originally quoted . it 's a smoking rate that will save me alot of money ! i rate both these employees a 10 ! lindaww maricopa , az", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ease of buying , the time it took , and the service department are absolutely superior . i have bought three cars from them in one year . definitely who i want to do business with ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the second time my wife and i have purchased a vehicle from earnhardt hyundai . you ca n't beat the professionalism and prompt service from shayne our salesman and the finance gentlemen . i would highly recommend this dealership to friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have purchased many cars over the years ; some experiences were good , some were bad , but i honestly have to say purchasing at earnhardt hyundai was the nicest experience i ever had in purchasing a car . everyone was very polite , knowledgeable and helpful . eunice araujo , our sales person was one of the nicest , kindest people i 've ever met ; not pushy or overbearing in any way , but extremely knowledgeable . when the entire sale was finished , i had a very good working knowledge of the car i purchased because of her , and i ended up with a car i loved . she worked extremely hard to get us the best deal possible . i would highly recommend earnhardt hyundai , but especially eunice araujo as your sales person . thank you . jeff brown", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first time i came to this dealership and so glad i did . i 've always been a toyota person but after the experience here it was fresh of breath air . everyone was so nice but jeremy our sales rep was amazing he made the whole process fast and easy . he was never pushy and listened to what i like . i have challenged credit and he never once showed me anything less to just get me a car . he took the time to make sure we were happy . i highly recommend if you want a stress free buying experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so very disappointed ! i took my sonata in today addressing an electrical issue . the service guy had his master mechanic come look at my car . as i was telling him about the brake issue he does n't bother to look at the sockets but said he will look better inside . i received a call an hour later from the service guy telling me it will cost shy over 400 dollars to repair . needless to say i got the parts for under 70 bucks and fixed myself . i found one of the tail light harness completely shattered . my beef is mechanic breaks part and takes advantage of the customer wanting to shell out a ridiculous amount of cash for such an easy fix . and this is why trusting dealerships is hard .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had an amazing experience ! we went in looking for a car and came home with two ! jeremy clark , our sales rep , was absolutely amazing ! he was professional , friendly , and did n't pressure us to purchase anything ! he was extremely helpful and really worked with us until we found the exact perfect deal ! we highly recommend this dealer . ask for jeremy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly staff , and easy pricing below kbb , and edmunds . honestly best prices in town . we told them what we want and they never tried to up sell us and play games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved the process from start to finish . fabulous salespersonjeremy . no pressure , just helpful . also james the numbers guy was awesome with his big biceps and bright smile and took all the hardball crap with professionalism that i threw at him . loved sherry in service too when our alarm went haywire -- that girl can really giddyup ! great experience all around . i bought a great pre-owned santa fe suv from this dealer . no high pressure sales just willing to work for us with what we wanted and needed . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered 2 lox bagels with eggs for $ 7.5 each . the bagel was small , no additions were served . most importantly , the cafe latte was spoiled due to the milk that was expired . they told us that they have n't used the cappuccino machine in a while ( ! ? ) . we have had a bad experience with this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is way overpriced for what it is . i grew up on lox stock and it used to be one of my favorite places ! ! ! the bagels were amazingly soft and delicious . now that the old owners are gone , the bagels are hard and the cream cheese tubs we ordered to go were moldy ! we were having a huge family breakfast and by the time we got home lox stock was closed . lame for the price we paid .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the only bad thing i can say is ... why ca n't they open one in n. phoenix where i moved to ! ? this is the best bagel spot in phoenix . hands down . i 'm writing this because i went out of my way on my 30th birthday to come here for lunch . everything is always great . i used to frequent for morning bagels when i lived nearby . you ca n't get these kind of bagels at the chain places . these are hand crafted amd clearly made with the love of bagels in mind . i have had many other things on the menu but have tried many different bagel and schemer combos and even their oreo chicolate bagel was amazing ! ( not a fan of sweet things that should be savory ) i would recommend this place to anyone for any reason on any day . gets a little crowded early mornings so be prepared to queue up a bit . favorite bagels in az . and i 've looked abd looked and looked ever since moving from ca .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been eating here for 10+ years . never a bad meal and i 've had everything . i 'm allergic to corn and every bagel place out here has cornmeal on the bottom , not this place ! real bagels in arizona ! ! ? ? wow . these taste just like the ones back home in new jersey ! ! best toppings amount and bagel size in the valley .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not impressed by this place . first of all , they were slow . how long does it take to pop a bagel in the toaster and schmear it ? but , my biggest quip with this place was ordering . the staff was simply rude to us . in addition to this , i wanted a bagel with cream cheese , lox , and tomato . they said that was going to be the item on their menu called `` the works '' which included that plus onion , black olive , pickle , and a side , none of which i wanted . moreover , it was $ 11 ! ludicrous . food was average , and certainly not worth that much . we will not be returning here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "even with a coupon this place is expensive . i did n't realize until afterwards that their lox is pretty pricey . i could 've gone to einstein bagels and paid half of what i paid here without a coupon ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what a nice find in the midst of a shopping center . i could n't believe how clean the place looked and how fresh the food was ! bagels were on point with some bomb veggie cream cheese ! i had a breakfast burrito that would have been pictured but it was devoured so quickly ! i have to say i was skeptical about ordering a breakfast burrito from a bagel joint but this burrito was great . it was a giant burrito and put me into a food coma ! this place is a bagel shop on steroids .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am originally from nj via ny so i know what a bagel is supposed to taste like ; or so i thought ! this place now set the bar for what a perfect bagel should both look and taste like . first of all , these bagels are the biggest bagels in have ever had . they are always fresh and when eaten at the restaurant , there is never a need to have them toasted . they have all the standard flavors and then some . my personal favorite is the whole wheat mixed . i have them scoop the innerds so there are no calories . they make a great breakfast sandwich on a bagel with plenty of freshly scrambled egg and nice crisp bacon ( if you ask for it ) and your choice of cheese . the tuna and chicken salad are always fresh and tasty . they also make incredible potato salad ! my mouth is watering just writing this review . the staff is always friendly . there are often groupons and restaurant.com savings . for a great breakfast , give lox , stock a try . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow-service has really declined ! i went into lox , stock and bagel this morning and was the only person in line . i watched 3 people behind the counter make an order rather than wait on the customer right in front of them . the manager owner who was busy doing paperwork got up and went into the back - and did n't acknowledge the situation either . i ended up walking out with no food . it 's really too bad - because michelle and michael worked very hard to establish a great business for the neighborhood !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what wonderful bagels ! these have got to be the best bagels outside of new york . even then , ls & b would give some nyc bagel shops a run for their money . the rye and pumpernickel bagels certainly satisfy that yearning for a far superior product than what is otherwise available elsewhere . i am so glad to have found lox stock & bagel . the next time i am in the phoenix area , i will make another visit . believe me , it is worth even a special trip from elsewhere in the valley . just wish there was one close to me at home . keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the bagels here are delicious -- we normally get the sausage , egg & cheese . and they could n't be more fresh . the thing i have an issue with is the lox bagel ( a bagel with smoked salmon & cream cheese & then normally capers , red onions , & sometimes tomatoes ) . i told them i just wanted a lox bagel & they said the only option is the special which is `` lox , bagel & the works - lox , cream cheese , onion , tomato , black olives , pickle and potato salad or coleslaw '' for $ 11 . so i told the guy that i wanted just the bagel , no side ( it was 8am ... ) . the guy said its still $ 11 even without the side . for that to be the only option and for them to not have an option with only the bagel , no side for lets say , $ 8 is so bizarre especially when the restaurant has the word 'lox ' in their name . you can find a cheaper lox bagel in nyc .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "oooh , this is my favorite lunch place by my office . super nice staff , delicious bagels . go for the lox special thing , it 's amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a cozy bright bagel shop located in a strip mall serving bagels , sandwiches and more . we were looking for something low-key for breakfast and found this place online . the large number of positive reviews motivated us to make the drive on a sunday morning . at 8:30 the place was pretty quiet and there was no wait at all . they offer a large variety of bagels ( we opted for 'everything bagels ' ) and around a dozen or so cream cheeses ( i got veggie , my wife chive ) . we ordered the bagels toasted and shared a small orange juice . total around $ 10 . the brought our food to us at one of the small tables . the bagels were light and crispy , served open-faced with just the right amount of cream cheese spread carefully on each half . all in all a nice , quiet breakfast . recommended", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ive been going to lox for years and have never been anything but satisfied ! the bagels are always extremely fresh , even close to closing time ! the variety of cream cheeses just makes my mouth water thinking about it ! ! but if you want to get something more unique their many different kinds of breakfast sandwiches will always fill you up ! ! not to mention all kinds of drinks from juice , milk , chocolate milk , soda , coffee and more ! why would you go anywhere else ! the service has always been top knotch ! the family owned restaurant are the friendliest around ; area for kids to play with legos , tables you can move for larger groups and free wi-fi ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tasty food , but friendly tip to staff : when somebody asks for `` turkey '' , you should probably ask for clarification because apparently there are two completely different turkey bagels on your menu . ; - ) . we got ended up with the wrong one . also , staff were out of garlic bagels at 9:00am . plenty of other weird bagels though , but only a few actually go with turkey or lox .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good affordable deli in scottsdale - fresh bagels , good lox . not great if you have golfing buddies on the paleo diet , as there is very little in the way of yummy protein . not an egg and bacon kinda place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first of all my wife 's order came to her completely wrong . the girl seemed put out that the sandwich had to be remade but when you order a bagel with bacon , egg and provolone and get ham with cheddar cheese that 's a tad off . end result , her sandwich was good but the breakfast burrito was just average . big but average . this place needs to get better with their customer service and hire people with just a little personality .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "in scottsdale for vacation , and was looking for something nearby for breakfast . this came up on yelp , and they had a great check-in offer , and we love bagels . we liked the punny name of the place as well . the decor reminds me of a donut shop , just with bagels instead . everything is clean and well-lit . i got a egg and cheese bagel sandwich , and hubby got some mixed bagels with cream cheese . both of us really enjoyed what we got . the bagels toasted well , and were quite tasty . crisp outside with a soft center without being overly chewy . the egg was cooked well . the cream cheese on hubby 's bagels is smooth and yummy . they also had a number of other cream cheese flavors . good variety of drip coffee . i got the french roast , and enjoyed it . service was welcoming and friendly . overall , quite a great place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this bagel shop ! found this place on yelp . its close to my fiances work i 'm definitely gon na stop here for breakfast before dropping him off . i tried the everything bagel toasted with egg tomatoes and melted pepper jack cheese with a fresh squeezed oj all natural ! the restaurant has a large seating area and a very large menu to choose from bagels , wraps , bagel hot dogs , specialty sandwiches , salads , donuts , drinks and smoothies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love lox , stock and bagel . i 've been going there from over 10 years and could n't be happier with the food , service and fellowship . yes , i said fellowship ! i go there so often that i latched on to a group of guys who meet for coffee most mornings . it 's a great place to meet new people or hang with old friends . thanks lox , stock for making me feel part of something special .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bagel was great but found out at the register that i would have to pay a 50\u00a2 surcharge for using a credit card . while i understand this policy it should be posted on the front door or someplace where you will see it before you order . will make sure i have cash next time , do n't want to pay 40 % premium for a bagel .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "quick service and delicious bagels . the bagel was toasted to perfection . it had just the right amount of crunch yet still the softness that you want in a bite of bagel . they put just the right amount of cream cheese on it for my liking . veggie cream cheese was very yummy . made this bagel craving pregnant woman happy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious & good sized portions which is good since they 're a little on the pricey side . had the lox & bagel sandwich .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go about every three to four months since michelle sold the place . their bagels are still better than other places . this time the clerk sliced and bagged my bagels ready for the freezer . i 'll keep coming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looking forward to great bagels and cream cheese ! i 'll be back again ! the bagels are fresh , soft , and smell delicious ! great way to start a saturday !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was there recently with my husband . we are very particular about our bagels and only buy from certain shops in the westchester , ny area . i always check yelp for their reviews and this one did not disappoint ! ! we love the whole wheat everything ( covered with seeds , salt etc . ) ww bagels were not heavy ( doughy ) very slightly crispy on the outside and light on the inside . bagels were delicious , but even better , were the everything bialy 's . we each had our bagel , but were still hungry and shared a bialy , which we never do ! wow was that good and light . not your typical onion in center ny bialy with poppy seeds , but more of a lighter version of this shops bagel . we hate doughy bagels and bialys , so if you feel the same , this is the place for the spoiled new yorker . we will be back on our next trip for sure ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has by far the best bagels in town . you get a bakers dozen for the same price as einstein bagels , but these bagels are huge and taste fantastic ! i love the sesame , it 's my favorite . inside the place is n't fancy , could use a clean up and some remodeling , but you do n't go there for the ambiance ... .. you go for the great bagels !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food . my favorite is the mccormick club sandwich . club sandwich on toasted sesame bagel -- to die for ! and excellent prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the lox works was okay - overall the taste and ingredients was okay . the service is friendly but slow .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "two thumbs way up ! i would drive across the valley to buy a herbie bagel , but fortunately i work right around the corner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love all their bagels and fresh veggie cream cheese . everything i have ever tried has been good . owners are always working and are very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like this place . i usually stop in a couple times a month for lunch after i hit the gym next door . it has a really home-y feel to it . the service is friendly and always seems happy to have my business . the bagel sandwiches are delicious , and the bagels especially taste fresh . great assortment , good menu , fair prices , good service - that 's why i keep coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stumbled upon this bagel place while down south one morning . the salt bagel with peanut butter was great . the perfect amount . hubby had the blueberry and said the coffee was great . today i tried the gluten free bagel and it was good . glad to see the option as the thought of giving up bagels was rough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best bagels on the planet , hands down . great people too ... .moved to california 7 years ago but always stop by when i am in town visiting and they still call me by my name and act as if i am an everyday customer . it does n't get any better than this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family checked this place out on a sunday morning . lots of choices on the menu and reasonable prices . service was fast and very pleasant . my husband and i each ordered egg sandwiches on bagels and we ordered a toasted cinnamon raisin bagel with butter for my son . the thing that bowled me over is the taste of the bagels ! they 're made fresh in the store - never frozen like some national chain that shall remain nameless - and boy can you taste the difference . the bagels are fluffy and delicious . the owner came over and chatted with us and another family having breakfast there . she made us feel like vips . i love patronizing locally owned businesses and we 'll definitely make lox stock & bagel a regular stop for our family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did n't stay at hilton suites hotel overnight ... i was here for a wedding banquet and the experience was excellent . the cocktail reception before the actual dinner was nicely done . the services was excellent from the bartender to the wait staffs that walk around with plates of food . the ballroom where the wedding actually held is spacious and the dance floor is huge . the services was though a little lacking as my water was never filled , my wine glass was always empty ... i ended up just get a jar of water and bottle of wine and started serving my own table . food was quite good for a chinese banquet style ... the waiter at least remember to serve me food ... . and he gave me a couple of abalone and almost half a lobster ... maybe i just have this angry and hungry look ! tons of food ! chocolate fountain ! dessert table ! what a great wedding !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my stays at this hilton location are always pleasant . if you 're a hilton honours member you get a higher floor , and some other convenience options including hh points and offers ( check their website and enroll - its free ) . the beds are very comfortable , i always book a king or king deluxe suite , which i am always happy with . the service is top notch , it is a hilton after all . one time i had some serious billing issues where they billed me for everything in the mini bar ( yes , everything ) . though we did n't touch the bar , the receptionist could n't do much but refer my complaint issue . i spoke to the manager a couple weeks later and had the issue resolved right there on the spot . this is one of my favourite hotels to stay at , and it is so close to the highway so i recommend all my out of town guests to stay here as well . definitely a 4 5 star rating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stayed here during new years , and our stay was amazing and we had so much fun ! so we booked the one bedroom king suite , however my boyfriend decided to `` upgrade '' the room and she gave us the atrium suite for $ 70 more . after walking into the room , my jaw literally dropped . the room was huge ! it felt like we rented a condo suite or something like that . the staff were kind , and the front desk attendant checked up on us to see how we were doing , which we appreciated . two things which were a bummer was that they charged $ 10 + tax just to have 2 plates and 2 forks . other hotels do n't charge for this . another would be that they say the wifi is free , however it only worked for a good 10 minutes . we ended up using our data throughout our stay , because the wifi was horrible ! p.s . parking is $ 10 night . overall , i would consider staying here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "an annoying hotel . when will they ever learn that nickel diming is not the way to go . i come to the area and ca n't wait to find a decent alternative . the place is in a field and they charge for parking . the nicest lady ever works the coffee bar though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "in markham , this is probably one of the best hotels in the area . well designed individual suites , well maintained and very clean . i will choose this over the marriotts for an additional fee charge w o blink .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hotel was fine except i have two pet peeves as a business traveler : 1 . power outlets ! none in the bedroom , one on the desk . 2 . do n't make me pay for wireless , especially on every device . how we can have big name brand hotels with so few outlets in this day and age is beyond my comprehension . i crawled under the bed to find one open receptacle on an extension cord so i could plug my phone in by my bed ( but had to unplug the lamp so the cord would reach ) . i had to plug in my tablet and my second phone in the bathroom receptacles with my laptop on the desk . normally i bring my own access point , extra extension cords and outlet adapters but i was trying to travel light . and the wireless thing really frustrates me . everything else was fine . i ordered pizza for dinner and it was ok . i 'll stay there again but bring cords and airport express access point .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the best gyms in a hotel i 've ever been too . has racquet ball courts , free weights , treadmills , spin class , swimming pool , sauna , hot tub , spa and many more . the kitchen suites are in a separate building with a walkway that connects to the main hotel . i stayed at a regular suite with 2 beds no kitchen since we planned to eat out a lot . beds are full size mattresses not queens but are quite comfortable . location is pretty much 10 mins from all the asian markets and restaurants around the area . this place do need some upgrading . dressers were older ( can tell by loose handles and paint ) . our bathroom also had dry ceiling paint ripping and bottom of bathroom door is frail as if there was water damage previously . with these necessary upgrades , the room was still decent . i would consider staying here again if the price is a good savings from the marriott or other hotels in the area . overall stay was pleasant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the spa here is fantastic ! they offer many types of facials and massages . the spa is spotless and service is fantastic . check it out ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very disappointed experience at this hotel for our wedding . first , my mother-in-law slipped and fell because the server dropped the food on the floor without cleaning it properly . all we got from this incident was only an apologized email . food was so so for our wedding . it could be better at a 4-star hotel . servers were so unprofessional . it stated in our contract that the event will be done at 1 a.m. but the servers started cleaning up and throwing out our desserts and wedding cake away around midnight while our guests were still dancing and enjoying the night . we provided feedback to the catering manager but their response was not as friendly . we will definitely not recommend our friends and family to have any kind of events there at hilton suites markham .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was out on a project in markham and the so called snowpocalypse was about to strike gta . so logic prevailed and instead of braving the snow storm all they way from downtown i decided to stay here . the rooms are nice as they are suites as the name suggests . nicely renovated room with lcd ( yet no hd feed no surprise as hardly any hotel shows it that way ) they have toiletries from crab tree and everything else is nice . now for the bad part after a long day of work my colleagues and i decided to unwind and have a drink or two in the pub bar . boy do they need to work on the service i do n't blame the server for being overwhelmed as she was alone serving almost 40 people . needless to say we had to wait too long to get our order and she did n't like the idea of us getting a split check ( hey we have to submit expenses ) 4 star for the room and 2 star for the par pub .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very clean hotel . the room i got resembled a studio apartment . at the entrance of the door was a family room with large lcd tv ... then go through a hallway that leads to the bedroom with another large lcd tv . between the two rooms is a washroom to the side . i was tired when i checked in , it did the job . got a cheap rate on the hilton website for $ 99 a night since i booked 2 weeks in advance with no cancellation option available .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stayed in a king suite with 2 kids and 2 parents . worked out decently to have a separate space for the kids to sleep so we could stay up a bit later . hot water , internet , decently clean , convenient to highways , close to a shopper 's drug mart that 's open til midnight and a mcdonalds . we 'd stay here again when in the area . tip : remember to pay for parking at the front desk and it 's $ 10 vs $ 15 at the machine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so far , so good . the only downsides are that wi-fi is not free ( it 's $ 15 day ) and you have to pay to park unless you upgrade to a king suite . other than that , the service is really great ! also , the pull-out couch in the living room of my king suite is the most comfortable pull-out bed i have ever laid on . i recommend this hotel for those who have the money .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "2 buildings . i think the bigger suites are in the smaller building . and the numbering is kind of confusing , but once you find your room , it will all make sense . the main building has the typical suites with 1 or 2 beds , and then the annex building has similar rooms , but with a slightly different layout . are those rooms better ? not really . beds are always comfy and ac can always be set on high ! enjoy your stay !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this hotel . it 's convenient to wonderland , and not a bat commute to the city . - all suites hotel - free internet - fancy updated rooms - comfy beds - no free breakfast but starbucks is nearby i brought my son along on a recent business trip and they upgraded me to a corner room with a dining area . great ! the rates vary from too expensive to too good to pass up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "triple booked and kept everyone waiting an additional 2 hours . find another practice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not waste your time or energy going to this place . the office requires a 30 min prior appointment check in time then you wait 2 hours to be seen . unprofessional staff .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr. ganesan is a wonderful pediatric urologist and surgeon . we have trusted him with our children 's needs for over 20 years . he is very thorough when explaining things to us and is very good about returning phone calls when we 've had questions or concerns . his office staff is kind and helpful too . because of the different situations with the children he deals with he may not always be running on time but once he 's with you he takes that much time with you and your child too . i would recommend dr ganesan with absolute confidence . he has dedicated his life to helping many children in our community .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here after getting a referral from pediatrician for my son 's circumcision . dr. plaire was very attentive and answered every question i had for him . after addressing all of my concerns an appt was made for the procedure the following week . needless to say , i am very happy with the professionalism the dr and his staff have shown . thank you all so much for making this whole process easy and pain free !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "keep up the good work out there while protecting us from ourselfs ! : ) thank you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they 've been always so great with the kids on a tour . loved coming back year after year ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "here 's to the avondale fire department . i wonder if their love of paintball has endured .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great experience , the salon is clean and bright . my shellac manicure was meticulous and looks great , and the tech was very gentle but thorough removing the previous ( glitter ! ) shellac , which is a challenge . will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a mani-pedi had my appointment around 4:00pm , was charged $ 6.00 extra for the zoya nail polish which was clearly old because it was n't even dry by 11:00pm ! now on my right hand i have 3 mucked up fingers . to what it seemed like to me it was the owner that spoke another language the entire time , was making faces and huffing and puffing about the nail polish on my toes ( i know it sucks i had a sparkly one on-but this is a service i am paying for ) which made me feel uncomfortable . my mom wanted the galette for her heals which seemed as if it was a problem burned to them . however ! there were two girls that did our mani 's which were so sweet ! not sure their names but they seemed younger . they helped my mom with her shoes and were pretty accommodating ! i would give them 5 stars .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place for a pedicure ! the staff are friendly , the owner seems to be a super nice guy , and the pedicures last . i 'm so sad i do n't live in this area anymore .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner does n't know what he 's doing and he thinks he 's the best . he constantly makes his by appointment customers to wait to take more walk-in cutomer . he clearly does n't know what appointments are for . however , the girls are very friendly and they do their jobs right . anyway , do n't go to cozy or if you go , do n't let the owner do it for you", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best spa ever , service , something in the nail polish , makes it last for a long time , the techs are all good", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super unimpressed with my last visit to cozy . i booked two shellac manicures as a birthday present for a friend . when we arrived , they seated us at the bar and said that they could start working on one of us and the other would be done soon . i let my friend go first and then proceeded to wait for twenty minutes without an explanation from them . when they finally started on my nails they did a rush job on the shellac ( and subsequently it only lasted one week ) . when i politely complained at the cash , they refused to give me a discount or apologize saying `` it should n't have to come out of the girl 's pay . '' no it should n't , shotty service is something the management should cover . they gave me a card to come back for a toe polish change ( $ 12 value ) but i do n't really have a desire to go back there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a polish change while on a visit . lovely young man from vietnam did my nails . he was not just talented , he was charming and lovely . i will return !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gorgeous interior ! i went in to get my nails done yesterday and the staff was so polite . the place itself is right on top of the subway line so it was easy to get to and when i went it , i was surprised that it was n't super busy but that 's better for me since there was no waiting time and i was in a bit of a hurry . they did a fantastic job on my nails and brian is so cute and lovely . i 'm definitely coming back again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love going here . right off st. claire subway . have been going for over a year regularly . they have nice and happy staff , great service . price is fair . they take their time and do n't rush through . the interior is open and modern . lots of colours to choose , massage chairs for pedis , television for mani . they now have a card for stamps , 10th visit i believe is free . definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would rather eat a raw fish out of tempe town lake than have to sit through another disgusting meal at red lobster . gggggeeeeerooooossss !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "two words ... . ... food poisoning the service is mediocre ... and the decor is sort of cheap and nasty . the employees do their job by serving the customer . they may hate their lives . but they get the job done .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't mean to be snobby , but soaked in grease shrimp-all preparations , are not my idea of healthy eating choices . cheddar biscuits are a round heart attack to come . how about fewer greasy items , perhaps simply grilled , with a salad of fresh not stale green leaf lettuce . lots of overweight diners who obviously like the fare .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i would not eat here because i do n't care for extra mucus with my meal . the parent company , darden , is threatening to turn full-time employees into part-time employees in order to dodge the requirements of the affordable care act . do you want your food handled by people who ca n't afford a doctor 's visit because they are uninsured part-timers , and they ca n't afford to miss a day of work if they are sick , because they are part-timers ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": ".my family has eaten at the cactus rd . red lobster periodically for over 15 years . mostly the food has been good . two weeks ago we attempted to have lunch a little after 12:40pm . the couple in front of us was seated immediately but we were told it would be a ten minute . when i inquired as to why the wait , hostess lied , and said that there were no tables or booths that were ready . this was interesting as i could see two booths that were obviously ready . this is clearly a management decision to not utilize part of the dining room as they do not want to fully staff even during the busiest lunch hour . forcing the hostess to lie to customers is deplorable . years ago i ran into this same thing at the neighboring olive garden . i stopped eating at that location just as i have now stopped eating at this particular red lobster . restaurants are a service business and there is no reason to eat at a place that does something like this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the best thing was the cheese biscuits . laurie , our server was next . she was friendly and kept hooking us up with more of those yummy biscuits . the new england clam chowder was okay . the caesar salad had great croutons , dressing and shaved parmesan , but the romaine lettuce tasted like it had stayed too long in a plastic bag on the verge of being frozen . my fried bay scallops were tasty and was served with a homemade tartar sauce and commercial cocktail sauce . it was an okay experience but i am not sure i will be back for a while unless i am craving me some cheese biscuit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we were a party of ten . most of us ordered off the lunch special menu . it took forever for the food to come . when it did , only half of us received our order , had to wait a couple of minutes for the other five to receive their food . the wait staff was just okay . the kitchen on the other hand , has issues . quality of food has declined over the years at red lobster in my opinion . to top it off , one of our members found a shard of glass in their iced tea drink.. ! wait staff just matter of fact about it.. ! will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "did take out because we had gift cards from xmas . otherwise , we 'd never eat here . 7 fries ? ? ? ! ! ! my son had chicken fingers and they gave him 7 fries ! our honey maple chicken was like leather , and the clam chowder was crunchy ! no thank you , especially since there is no togo parking ! ! ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been to this particular location a number of times and and is my go to seafood place if i am in the area , staff is polite and attentive love the new chili shrimp appetizer , hint hint make it a full meal ! ! ! was there for my birthday and they made it fun without being embarrassing . i have seen some bad reviews by some pre-madonnas who seem to be full of themselves thinking they are some kind of professional food critic . if you are that stuffy , why even go to a chain restaurant ? smdh . go to the place and enjoy the food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the crab is delicious . i had bought some gift certificates from another chain that was among a conglomerate of restaurants and red lobster was one of the valid restaurants so i used the certificates here . i got a crab combination meal and an additional 1 lb of crab legs . yum . crab crab crab !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you wo n't have a problem getting a table ... the place is dirty - covered in dust . the food is disgusting . service was really slow , too . we will not be coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never again , date night at red lobster . i should of listened to my family who has told me of the many times they have gotten food poisoning here . we were lucky , no food poisoning however the food was horrible . the only good thing about our night was we were taken right away , our server was nice , and our appetizer was taken off our bill . the food was undercooked , tasted like it was two days old , and we were missing parts of the meal ( shrimp ) . drinks came at the end of the appetizer and we never got the extra plate we asked for ... so far red lobster will not be on our list of restaurants to dine at .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had been craving red lobster and took the opportunity on this trip . the food was pretty good except my baked potato was under baked . the service was n't over the top , not that it was blatantly bad but just not very friendly . overall was just a mediocre experience but with so many choices , i felt like it was a wasted chance to have a great meal at a new restaurant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had red lobster tonight for dinner . not such a good idea ! i got the rock lobster tail that came to me partially raw ( the entire bottom of the tail ) . i sent it back . when i received the new one it was so overcooked and rubbery that i could have bounced it off of the floor and then it would have landed back on my plate . staff was very nice about it and was kind enough to remove it from our check . probably a good thing since i was n't going to pay for it anyway .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "here for lobsterfest . food and service is good , however , i 'm eating at the bar and 4 elderly people sit down thinking the area they sat at is part of the bar . the staff member makes them move . 2 of them use a walker and the other 2 a cane . really ! you 're going to treat our elderly this way !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food and service here is as good as any chain restaurant . what i really wanted to yelp about is , that i was there last night with my 81 year old mom in a wheel chair . the restaurant is not designed to accommodated handicapped people . the tables are too close together and we were bumping into chairs as we proceeded to and from our table . the bathrooms have heavy doors that are not handicap friendly . mom was not able to independently open the two doors to enter and exit the restrooms . it is a shame that my mother ( who likes the red lobster food ) will no longer be eating at this location !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came for a friend 's bday . while the food is ok , they did a great job on service so hence the extra star . got the crab , scallop , shrimp pot . the crab didnt come cracked and it was the snow crab where the shell is a bit too soft to make cracking easy . eh , it was ok . but the wait staff was great and the manager even came over to wish my friend a happy bday . thought that was a nice gesture . they had a peach lemonade which was made with peach purree that was pretty yummy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent sea food . we ordered popcorn shrimp , coconut shrimp , sweet and sour chili shrimp and i could not remember one more dish which is shrimp too . everything is delicious and my shrimp cravings are satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dined at rl on saturday night with the girls ( wife , daughter , and m in law ) . surprised to see how busy it was for a saturday @ 6 but that 's the crowd they draw . waited the quoted 20-25 and got seated and greetd by our `` seafood expert '' tim . ordered the shrimp trio and got what i expected . m in law not too happy with her fried shrimp size , but matches the price i quess . very accomodating in getting the `` seafood hater ' daughter a plate of linguini with butter . wifey had the cedar salmon grilled on a plank , very happy . drinks were cold , cheddar bisquits were abundant ... .overall good time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was great . service was great . great environment . the staff were super helpful and friendly . food was delivered in a timely manner . the restaurant was super clean . tiffany was a super nice hostess and was very professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "were hackled in the parking lot by a customer , then the customer followed us inside and continued to bother us , i called a manager and he was nice but did n't really handle the situation very well .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very awesome and affordable lunch menu . 3 tacos and a side for $ 7.99 plus the incredible cheddar biscuits . definitely a go-to for a tasty , non-fast food , affordable option .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if my steak had n't been chewy and the prices had n't gone up , i would give this place 5 stars . it is a seafood place so i forgive them . we are always seated quickly , the service is great , and the seafood is always tasty . you ca n't beat the lunch specials or the 4 course meal for $ 17 either . and the cheddar biscuits are phenomenal as always .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beware ! ! ! my mother had her credit card number lifted while lunching at the bar yesterday . they ran all over tempe and mesa purchasing clothes etc . the fraud department from the bank flagged the purchases , thank god . i phoned the restaurant this morning and spoke with manager cece . instead of taking ownership she choose to explain to me how this never happens there and that she could not address her staff but would try and find time to discuss with her managers . very disappointing ! ! ! ownership of an issue is critical .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what can you say about red lobster . it has been around for ages and is just flat out hit or miss . some days the food is great , some others , not so much . what i 'm beginning to believe in my old age is that this is just the nature of fish places . you are only as good as your fish you get off the truck that day . i mean really ... we live in the desert . getting fresh seafood here is a challenge at best . however , this ... was a good day . everything was fresh and tasty , the wait staff was nice and the price was not horrible . ( the drinks kick it up fast tho ) damn you long island ice tea ! a good experience and we 'll go again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything was awesome during lobsterfest . our server samantha was friendly knowledgeable and help us with the special dishes available . a bit pricey , but we all had marvelous lobster served 3 different ways . i shall return", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i decided to go to spend a gift card someone gave us and while we love seafood , this place definitely does n't warrant more than 3 stars . we both ordered main entrees but was sorely disappointed . the salad that came out first was all white lettuce and no good greens . the crab legs came out late not with my food order , rice was undercooked with no flavor , the broccoli side was not cooked thoroughly either . the wait time for our meal was average and our wait time to sit was about 20 minutes on a tuesday night which seems semi-average . the waiter was friendly and observant and the lobster crab meat was good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we 've been here several times and the staff is great , we never have to wait for a table . last time i was there i ordered the lunch shrimp salad and clam chowder bread bowl . i think there were 5 spoonfuls of soup . i would have ordered the bowl instead , the bread was a little tough to tear and eat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my first time here and was very impressed definitely the best red lobster i 've ever been to i ordered the bal harbor lobster bake and it was absolutely delicious ! ! ! i ca n't wait to go back again when i get my seafood craving i 've tried other italian restaurant seafood dishes and it just does not compare to this one try it you wo n't regret it ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am sitting in the restaurant as i write this review , i have to say , the bartender here is like a robot . no personality what so ever . the girl tried to chat with us a little and was scolded by the guy for not listening to her radio . so i wonder what happened to customer service . she is very nice and wanted to make sure we had a good experience but kevin was n't going to let that happen . i wish her luck and hope that she finds a way to let her personality show through to her customers despite the hostile environment . i 'm sorry i did n't catch her name i would ask for her if i were to ever come back . the food was edible . nothing to write home about .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "r.l . is one of my favorites ... typically i am not a fan of chain restaurants , but i love good solid seafood that 's just broiled or steamed . i do n't want fancy , i do n't want sauces , i do n't want pasta ... i just want the delectable tender meat of snow crab . i 've been to joe 's crab shack , but i hate their butter -- tastes like movie popcorn butter . the biscuits at rl- i could eat a bunch of them ! ! ultimate feast forever ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bullshit service . they got my cpmbo wrong and when we had to leave before they could.make it rigjt they still charged full price . as we had to leave right away because my elderly father was ill i did not argue ... but really they need to serve their customers better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i stop in now and then for their lobster bisque and the chedder biscuits . apparently i became a regular and the bar tender starting sending my order to the kitchen before i got a chance to ask for it . that made me feel special . saved the hassle of catching a waitress and placing an order . the only downfall with this restaurant is that it 's always packed on friday , saturday and sunday and i have to go extra early if i do n't want to wait forever for a seat . even the bar area is full .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've been going to rl for about 20 years and have noticed subtle changes since change of ownership but this is a new one . last eve 4 of us went arriving before the crowd at 5 pm . the place looked like a furniture store with less than half the tables occupied . the girl at the desk told us we would have to wait 10 or 15 minutes before we could get a seat as all the wait staff was busy . it seemed very odd since we could plainly see this was not true . a couple came in after us and was told the same thing so they went to the bar and ordered drinks . it then dawned on me that this is their new scam by telling people they 'd have to wait and directing them to the bar to sell them drinks . after 10 minutes of seeing this , we told the girl at the desk we were leaving . she then told us that our table was now ready but we declined and left . it felt like an insult to our intelligence and we decided never to return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am not sure where the low reviews come from , but i have always had solid service , tasty food and everything anyone could want from a restaurant experience . sure there can be a wait during their promos ( like endless shrimp ) but , think , when there are lines out the door even for early dinner almost every time i 've been there and waitstaff moving back and forth to quickly serve their tables , you can bet that the food and service there is first rate . sure it is a `` corporate-like '' chain restaurant , but some people like that and the expectations of having a great experience there each and every time makes red lobster a popular place with a good business model . i have never had a problem . not . ever .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since the renovations , it 's a nicer looking restaurant . the cheddar biscuits are addicting and the food is ok for what you get . the tarter sauce is also so tasty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just came back from the endless shrimp special , and not only am i stuffed , they sent us home with even more shrimp , and the fixin 's , too . service from mike b . & alika could not have been better and everything we tried ( which is to say , every variety they offered ) was cooked just right . the three of us had around five varieties each , with seconds and even thirds on some ( and the portions were _not_ skimpy ) . now , we 're not big , truck-drivin ' mamas , just three ladies who lunch , and we made a bargain and an afternoon of it . so , how much shrimp , plus salad , sides , and biscuits , can _you_ put away for just $ 16.99 ? endless shrimp is one special of a special , even by red lobster standards .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have eaten at this red lobster for years . recently things have slipped . yesterday a group of us had dinner . one person ordered the fish and chips . what came was batter , no fish . two us is had cobb salads , poor ... the lettuce was frozen in both salads . needless to say this place needs a major over haul . the only good thing about this restaurant is the server mary who is stellar . too may other places to eat .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would agree with some of the prior reviews about this being a 3.5 star place . my family comes to this location regularly . the food is always the same in quality and flavor which i appreciate . i usually order the popcorn shrimp , baked potato , and a side cesar salad . i have no complaints with anything i order . the true reason i keep coming back is the biscuits . they are amazing and i could likely eat a dozen and not feel bad one bit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never had the service like i did today with the bar tender ashley . she is so attentive and the food was delicious ! will always love this place and appreciate it more now that ashley is my permanent server ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a seafood sit down restaurant that serves a variety of dishes but i mostly come for the shrimp . i got the shrimp platter with 3 different styles ( shrimp pasta , skewer , and fired ) . they have very good cheddar bay biscuits that come in the begging of your meal . this place is never busy any more . it is n't expensive but is n't cheap either . 3 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "red lobster has never let me down . the baked potato soup was very delicious , the service was great , very friendly server who was checking up on us constantly and making sure we had everything we needed . i will be back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "extremely long wait between appetizers salads coming out and the main course . server disappeared after dropping off food . food was overcooked and dry . restaurant was dirty and crowded ( on a wednesday night ) . i guess what can you expect from a chain restaurant like this . not a great experience and would not recommend anything about this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the wife really enjoys going to red lobster we went for lunch one day . the decor is not the typical red lobster . very nice atmosphere . we were fortunate to get katherine for our service . she was very professional , personable and friendly . the service was top notch and made for a wonderful dining experience . the food was good as well . we will be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is ok ok type.but 3 star because they definitely need more room perfume . when u enter , a weird smell just got stuck to your nose and remains entire time..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i hate to say i have to give a 3 because it would have been a 4.5 until we were walking out . dinner was tainted by not 1 not 2 but 3 people standing by cash register and not 1 of them acknowledged us in any way . totally changed my opinion of this restaurant . you need to have employees that treat your guests correctly . makes me think twice about ever coming back..by the way this was 1st time back to this restaurant for us in 20 years . last time there service was that bad . we had gift certificate only reason we came back . waiter was good..gave 20 % tip..food was good..but that last representation of your restaurant..very poor..very uninviting..i worked in customer service 28 years..i would have fired them all..one looked right at us..nothing ... poor training . doubt we will back..too many friendly places to eat . sorry .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went during lobster fest , food was great , seated quicker than stated and very attentive service . could n't ask for a better experience at a chain restaurant , was pleasantly surprised", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good food and service . we arrived early at 5:30 and were seated after a short wait . i had wild sockeye salmon and my wife had sirloin steak and snow crab legs . all were cooked perfectly . the service was polite and prompt . will come back again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ate there 11 21 15 after a day at the musical instrument museum . great service . i wish i could remember the guy who waited on me and my wife . he was great . he was a long time server and was ontop of everything . food was good . i had the lobster scampi linguine . great . large amounts of lobster way more than i expected . my wife had a lobster and shrimp was perfect . we usually dont eat at redlobster but this one when we are in n phx is def worth the stop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a craving for crab so we came here . first , the service was excellent . it felt like i was at an upscale restaurant . those cheddar biscuits were served warm and were to die for . the alaskan king crab legs were delicious , and i wanted to order more ! also had the tomato caprese side and it was really good . the hubs ordered the seafood trio and it was so much food ! he really liked the fried shrimp . i 've always been hesitant about going here , but i will definitely be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got food poisoning from this location and i will not be back to eat at any red lobster ever again . i was very sick for 2 weeks.. i 'm not sure what it was exactly that i ate that made me so sick but i ordered the clam chowder soup , caesar salad and the ultimate platter . my guess is something with the sea food . i could n't even leave the restaurant without having to go to the bathroom and since i left that place i had uncontrollable diarrhea for 2 weeks . never again..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty decent food and service , but a pretty classic corporate ran restaurant . love the biscuits though !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i had lunch her yesterday do n't get the caesar salad unless you love the taste of mayo . also the cheddar bay biscuits wor n't fully cooked . my boyfriend got the cheeseburger said he was impressed it tasted good and was fully cooked lol . for me i got the sailors plate my fish was over cooked a little bit but the shrimp scampi and fried shrimp was good but do n't get the rice , was chewing and not cooked right . needless to say are server was really nice and helpful . also do n't get sick from anything is a plus", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great service by the catherine , our server . food is always good but always a bit salty so be prepared to flush out later .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "long wait ok service good thing they have the ultimate feast otherwise i would never come :", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i lived at colter park for a year and thought it was an amazing place to live for the price . living in a spacious one bedroom ( 750 sq ft ) for $ 575 per month is a great deal ! things that were great : free airconditioning and heat with their swamp cooler system ( amazing money saver ) . management was very cooperative and responsive to my needs location is amazing with frys , la fitness , subway , office depot and light rail within .2 miles . ample parking - never any trouble with spaces . there are some things to know are different than they appear in the model : the carpets in my unit were a little bit worn through . the residents spanned a wide range from business people to people that fought and passed out drunk on the sidewalks outside the apartments . power goes through srp which requires m-power boxes that have a pretty steep startup fee . if you need a place to live on a budget i think this is the best option for the location and how nice the units are inside .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not at all what i was expecting from what the pictures online show . it looks run down and the `` upgraded '' apartments are a joke . the hard wood flooring is actually just linoleum the appliances are junk and be warned if you live in the first floor under anyone you will know when they are home and when they go to the kitchen and go to the bathroom you can hear everything above you . the air con is under property control so it only works when they want . for the money there are defiantly better apartments in the area .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am not happy with my experience here so far . sadly i am only six of months into a year lease . it 's gon na be a long year ... sigh . where to start ? how about temperatures consistently in the 80 's for three weeks and they still wo n't turn on on the chiller system . my apartment ( that has blackout curtains ) has been 80+ degrees . butter melted on my countertop . wtf . and when i questioned the office staff about it , and voiced my opinion about how ridiculous it was to not have turned it on ( which my old place did the day after it hit 82 degrees ) i was met with massive hostility . tangible hostility . you could literally see the transformation into ice cold b # $ ch . maybe that 's why they did n't fix the problem in my kitchen . yeah , still waiting on that . save yourself . do n't rent from this hell hole . it 's too expensive for the crap you have to put up with .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been here a few weeks now . the cost of the apartment is great for it 's size ! i came from dallas and that same apartment would have been about $ 400 more a month there . i like the open parking there are always plenty of spaces . the ac and heating being included was a pleasant surprise when i looked at these apartments . they have dog trash bag locations through out the complex to make picking up your pets poop easy . the complex at least where i am is very quiet at night and i have n't seen any suspicious behavior .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really love it here . it 's a nice place to live . my only complaint is i work nights and it 's noisy as hell in the early morning . i understand they have to maintain the property but it would be nice if the little patch of grass outside my apt.was n't a all day prosses . or like 3 days a week . also if you choose to live here do n't get a apt facing fry 's . they have constant deliveries . other than that the staff is friendly and once the noise stops it is very beautiful . also i do understand that it 's beyond there control . so otherwise i am more than happy with this place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just moved into my gorgeous studio apartment . found the staff very helpful and very professional !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "8 months being happy at colter park until the new management arrived . it took over 2 months to get our kitchen lights ballast replaced , the dog stations are full of feces while being empty on bags , and there are now mushrooms growing out of our ceiling . the new managements response , `` spray it with bleach '' . oddly enough , a week later we were told colter park would not be renewing our lease and they had every right not to disclose why . pros : on the light rail and big dog friendly . cons : new management who treat their customers as annoyances . yes , we are your customers ! ! ! well , i 'm not anymore and good riddance .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my first experience in apartment community living . i was very apprehensive at first because i have high expectations of service , amenities , and also quality . i found exemplar service , care , expertise , and especially a helping hand in jillian . she walked me through every step of the process , made sure i understood all of the amenities and requirements , which made my transition to apartment living a positive and pleasant experience . if you 're looking to move to a quaint community , try colter park and ask for jillian . trust me , you will be just as happy with your new home as i am .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just finished my lease here at colter park apartments . although i had my ups and downs with communication with the staff , i had a very pleasant experience with the actual company that helped me sort everything out . living well homes was very thorough fixing my problem and that was greatly appreciated . no one is perfect , but if a company can right their wrongs , i respect that . if you decide to live here make sure to get everything in writing . so everyone can be on the same page and your stay at the community can be enjoyed : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "received a call from someone from the property management ( living well homes ) and they completely apologized for the situation and hassle we went through with this process . we originally thought that they would not refund the application fee , but due to the situation , they returned that back to us as well . i believe this could have been avoided altogether if the employees are trained more thoroughly ( but i understand everyone makes mistakes ) . the woman who assisted us could have simply asked a more experienced employee for help clarification , but it meant a lot that they went out of their way to reach us and return our money back completely .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "spoke with management after the guy gave me that shitty refrigerator and the main office manager spoke to them and gave me a new refrigerator in my unit and gift card to replace the groceries that i had to toss out from the old refrigerator ... this was cool on her part wish the other office girl who blew me off would learn something from her ... all is good now", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm not happy with his place at all , i 'm hoping that they work to rectify the situation , as i 've only been here for 1 month so far . update - i was contact by the site `` supervisor '' who was completely unprofessional , and unwilling to resolve the matter . had i seen this side of the staff prior to moving in , i never would have . if i could rate zero stars i would . save your time and energy and keep looking if you 're searching for a nice place to call home , because this is not it !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been a resident at colter park since 2008 i live in the studio , for studio to have a full-size kitchen like this does is a rare find and the bathroom also has a great lay out , being a homeowner prior to living here at colter park i was really scared but i had nothing but pleasant experiences with my neighbors and the staff here and to be in this location is a blessing , grocery store right next along with la fitness really good cheap food throughout the whole neighborhood , steps to the light rail steps away , a park across the street", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the apartment complex itself is nice . very quiet . people keep to themselves . the office assistants are clueless about mail , which is frustrating . maintenance would also be improved .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've lived in colter park for 4 years and have had no problems whatsoever . some of these reviews are shocking..amazed they 're talking about the same complex . the staff is super-helpful whenever an issue arises ( which has n't been very often , and when it has , its been something minor ) . i 've never seen a single bug in my apartment in 4 years and the complex is very quiet ( unless you live around the pool , which thankfully i do n't ) prices are very reasonable and the laundry and pool facilities are top-notch . do n't let the negative review scare you..this complex rocks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being a resident at colter park is truly a blessing , whether it be your first apartment or an experienced renter-colter park is your future home . beautiful landscape , plenty of covered parking locked gates for security , 24 7 laundry gym access , and a dedicated staff to help make your transition a breeze ! not to mention the light rail , not even a five minute walk for the night prowlers ! ! welcome home indeed ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . that place is horrible . to start , a day after i moved to my place i found roaches crawling into the walls , and when i complain to the management they did n't make a big deal of it , i guess its normal to them . the funny part when you decide to be a new resident , they make you think that you are moving to high class community , at first they promise you cleanness , very quiet community , specially when you wake up at 5.00am by the machinery of landscaping , hahaha ! the pool was close the whole summer for renovation when it 's 120 degrees , and to top it up , those girls at the office have no clue about any management , they need to maybe get another job maybe in a retails . so do yourself a favor stay away from that place its way over rated and ghetto .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i lived at colter park in 2012 with no issues and i 've been here for almost a year now . yes , i have had a few issues but i have to say that i have had nothing but good experiences with the manager nadia as well as the office and maintenance staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every night the police are there for one reason or another ... helicopters 1-3 times per week . this place is a joke and management does n't do anything to get ahead of the problem . i think it is safe to say this is a top 3 contender for worst `` apartment community '' in the city . stop by at night before you lease here . the homes to the north suffer from this apartment community , and its hard for me to call this an apartment community , its more like a penitentiary sprinkled with a few decent people trapped due to location and cost . city of phoenix , do something ! it could be , and should be much better !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for how expensive this meal was ( $ 8 and change ) i was really disappointed by how little was given . i got the veggie delight and to my dismay , they did n't use much veggies . my sandwich was mostly bread . i wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it is such a convenient location for walking around the mall . easy enough to get to even if you just want a sandwich . i always get the buffalo chicken sandwich . cooked fast and right in front of you . the french fries are also cooked well and put in the oil right after they are ordered . i have never had a bad meal from there . the sandwiches are priced reasonably for the amount of food that you get !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "me and my hubby ordered a small philly cheesesteak ( each ) and the amount of meat and veggies they give you is ridiculous ! it 's all bread and definitely not worth the price . the chili cheese fries are also small but tasted good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been here a few times and have not had a bad experience . their food tastes great although i will mention they are light-handed on the veggies . you will generally only get a few on the cheesesteak sandwich . i have never ordered anything else except cheesesteaks and fries ( after all it is charlie 's philly steaks ) . they taste great and the food is cooked right in front of you . the fries are perfectly crispy . i will continue to come back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "out shopping with a friend . we each got our own and met in the middle to share . she got the cheesesteak , and won because my meal was horrible . my advice is to not eat at the outlet at all , maybe a starbucks . then go to kai or rawhide . seriously . ugh . the cheese steak was edible . not much on it and the small was small . still a win over the wok place next door .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is based on service alone . my better half went to get me a cheese steak . she had asked them not to put lettuce and tomato on it . when the sub is finished , guess what ? lettuce and tomato on it ! she had them remake it . and guess what ? lettuce and tomato on it . the server was very rude even though she was the one making the mistakes . the charley 's at the superstition springs mall is way better than this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pangea is a welcome addition to the area . it 's located between marco pizza and three amigos . the space is on the small side but there is a patio and the website states that the venue can be used for private events . the small plate menu is sprinkled with caribbean inspired dishes . they were out of beef patties , so i ordered the special of the night , curry chicken over rice . the chicken was seasoned well , and i believe there were pieces of pineapple included in the sauce , and the rice was very fresh . i ordered take out on this visit , but i plan to return soon to try some of the amazing looking cocktails that are on the drink menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my friend and i ate at pangea for the first time . food was good as was the service . i would recommend adding more fish items to the menu and always offer the customer more sauces with their plate . vanessa was our bartender and she accommodated our requests to turn down loud music , get drinks and service us in a timely way .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lovely set up , great food , and the owners are amazing ! ! as soon as you step in they give big warm welcomes and try to accommodate you as much as possible . i have been there 3 times since they 've opened and ca n't wait to go back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "location is , 8415 n pima # 255 , scottsdale , az they must have moved , i just left there ... ..but i feel like i have to constantly monitor my treatment , they constantly try to use the yag laser instead of the alexandrite . i suspect that they do n't have enough lasers plus it will extend my treatments because yag is far less aggressive . the treatment i had today was yag and the girl lied to my face-i asked three times if she was using the alex and she said yes or avoided answering . i worked in this industry , as a rn doing treatments , and i know it was a yag . i will not be going back , once i complete this groupon package . i am disappointed with their customer service as well . they are not friendly and talk down to clients .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "clarks is where its at . the shoe quality is fantastic . even though my feet do n't fit in them i still like to try shoes on in there and buy them 'just in case ' . very cheap . mcarthur glen is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this shop is situated in mcarthur glen shopping centre . it is a discount store because most if not all of the shoes are from last seasons stock , but i mean , who can tell ! it is a very busy shop and is run with an iron fist . for the kids , you have to take a ticket to get measured , then go and choose a few styles , take another ticket to get your size and try them on , then go to the till to pay . because it is so busy the staff can get a bit impatient if you are taking your time ( cant get the kids to agree with you ) , other than this they are lovely people . the quality of the shoes are excellent and are very reasonably priced , especially the rate my dayghter goes through them , i normally ahve to buy them 2 at a time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the first thing you notice about this shop is the good bargains . the second thing you notice is the staff who do n't give a hoot about you . i 've been twice now and twice my kids feet have been incorrectly measured . the first time i put it down to bad luck but the second time. ? not impressed . the staff also go out of their way to avoid eye contact to make it more difficult to get their attention .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "gestern zum erstenmal die sch\u00fctzengilde besucht u wurden nicht ent\u00e4uscht.die bedienung war auf zack u war immer zur stelle..die speisekarte war in ordnung.meine pizza war so gross , dass ich die h\u00e4lfte einpacken lie\u00df.mein mann hatte den wurstsalat mit bratkartoffel bestellt . war reichlich u. hat gut geschmeckt.toiletten waren sauber . kommen wieder", "score": "4"}
{"review": "selten haben wir so gut gegessen , einfach toll und gut ist der anbau mit einem kaminfeuer . einen besonderen lob an die k\u00fcche", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wir waren an einem samstagabend da . parken vor dem lokal ist kein problem . es gibt pl\u00e4tze im lokal , auf der terrasse und einen \u00fcberdachten freibereich . wir sassen auf der terrasse , wobei uns gleich auffiel das die sauberkeit etwas auf die leichte schulter genommen wird . so ist der tisch nicht unbedingt sehr sauber und die seiten der speisekarten klebten ebenfalls zusammen . im restaurant bzw . den sanit\u00e4ren einrichtungen waren wir nicht . das publikum war gemischt . die terrasse war an diesem abend gut besucht . manche kombinationen auf der speisekarte empfanden wir als gew\u00f6hnungsbed\u00fcrftig . insgesamt enthielt sie recht viele essen . wir haben und dann f\u00fcr cola bzw . hefeweizen entschieden und jeder einen wurstsalat gegessen . insgesamt haben wir m.e . ca . 21\u20ac bezahlt . der wurstsalat war reichhaltig , aber nicht nach unserem geschmack . er wurde mit sehr viel paprikapulver best\u00e4ubt und enthielt sauer eingelegte paprika . wir werden das restaurant nicht mehr besuchen , da uns das gesamtpaket aus essen und ambiente nicht unbedingt anspricht .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good customer service . simple and plain . that 's what makes a great business model ; no matter what the product or service is that they are selling . i 'd previously banked at a 1st bank in colorado . the service was outstanding . i 've now been to two separate branch locations of first bank in the phoenix area . this scottsdale branch is outstanding ; but so is the other branch i 've stopped in . both of them have the same outstanding customer `` friendly '' service . whomever is in charge of the corporate customer service policy , thank you ! the friendly service at first bank blows every other bank out of the water . completely !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best in town , never known a bank that will go out of their way to help you . they have helped me out of so many jams , ca n't say enough great things . guess the 5 stars tell it all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first bank is a waste of space . this branch is bleak ! they have awful customer service , low-energy tellers , and the branch manager is the worst . his name is noel ; he 's in total dereliction of his duties . save yourself time and hold on to your money . first bank is an absolute joke . here 's a fun fact about the way they do business : cash deposits made in the branch , with a teller , are n't available immediately . it takes 2-4 hours for your cash to show up in the account . someone let these guys know that it 's 2017- they need to get a clue !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this branch provides excellent service in a friendly , relaxed atmosphere . noel benavidez , the branch manager , and linda van der pas , the new accounts representative , know most customers , and are friendly and helpful with everyone . quite a different banking experience than the impersonal mega-banks where employees change and managers get relocated frequently . i have been banking with 1st bank for over 25 years - first in colorado , and now in arizona , and , although i like all of the branches i have worked with in the past , this branch at indian school and miller is my favorite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the map room is one of our favorite , low-key regent square go-tos . my wife , a vegetarian , regularly orders the black strap seitan and loves it . ( they changed chefs and for a short bout had a rough time getting the recipe down . but it 's back to its good ole self . ) the decor is a bit dated , but cozy . it has a charming pub feel with good east end brews on tap . do n't come here if you are in a hurry . but if you have the time to enjoy a beer and then some great food over a friendly conversation , then this is your place . the service is always friendly and accommodating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "based on the other reviews , i 'm thinking maybe i went on an off day -- i do n't know ! based on my experience , i would say definitely do n't go for the food . i got the shrimp scampi which was truly horrible . i thought , okay it 's a bar maybe their bar food is good i should have known not to order something like shrimp scampi , however , my boyfriend ordered the fish and chips and those were awful too ! the fries were soggy and the fish was way over fried and tasteless .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was not impressed with the map room . we went there on a sunday when dunning 's was n't open . the service was meh and the food uninspired . the decor is interesting and reminds me of an old pub . it 's a good place to have a drink and chat but not to eat . i will probably not go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the good : the service , decor , location , beer list , perogi , & cesar salad . the bad : the shrimp linguini the ugly : the seitan was inedible , and one of the worst things i 've ever tasted . i am pesceterian ( former vegetarian ) , and it made me nauseas . it had the texture of pure pig fat , but without the yummy taste . our server was kind enough to comp both of our entrees summary : seems like a good place for a beer and appetizer a bad place to try something new for dinner .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the residents of regent square edgewood have been hiding a dining gem from the rest of pittsburgh . the map room is a fantastic bar and restaurant with delicious modern bar food and great prices - i got plymouth gin highball for under $ 5 . amazing . for about $ 7.50 i got the best baked brie sandwich on crispy toasted bread with homemade fries . they have plenty of great beers on tap , daily specials , homemade desserts , and fantastic servers . vegetarian and family friendly ( to an extent ) they likely will have something for everyone . i wish we were in regent square more often to try all their menu items and sample more east end beers in those cool barrel-shaped pint mugs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the next time someone suggests to eat at the map room , i 'm walking to giant eagle and buying a can of soup . we ordered two appetizers . an hour later they brought them out with my boyfriend 's food . after he had finished eating a really small portion of fish for 13 $ , they brought out my burger . she had asked me how i wanted the burger , i said medium , she brought me out a super dry well done burger . i ordered the bbq bacon burger and there was n't even enough sauce on there to taste it . maybe a quarter sized amount . she also went on about how they make food from scratch - then the `` pub pretzels '' were very obviously from a frozen package . i spent forty dollars to be miserable and hungry . i 'm giving one star for the cheese sauce with the pretzels , the only positive of the night .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cute , easygoing restaurant . the whole restaurant is map themed ( surprise surprise ) and there are trivial pursuit cards in the booth tables ( great way to entertain yourself as you wait for your food ) . ordered the calamari and the hangover burger for a really late dinner on a thursday night . both were pretty tasty and came out in a reasonable amount of time . it 's open late every day of the week and prices are good , so i 'd recommend the map room for any meal of the day , especially when you 're hungry late at night because most other places probably wo n't be open . taste | 4 atmosphere | 3.5 presentation | 3 service | 3 overall | 3.5", "score": "3"}
{"review": "because i ca n't give it 3.5 stars , i rounded up to 4 . the map room offers upscale barfare that strays from the burger and fries standard and is very tasty indeed . it 's a nice place to go with a group of friends or to enjoy a lovely dinner for 2 . outdoor seating is a plus , however it is limited and it can get crowded on weekends . i 've heard they have live celtic music one night a week which i 'd like to catch sometime . if you 're in the area or d 's is super crowded , walk next door and give the map room a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really want to like this place . it 's geography-themed decor is the perfect primer for bringing up discussion of world travels . i was lucky to stumble upon a group of musicians strumming away at some irish tunes at the back table once . all in all , a really fun atmosphere . unfortunately , i 've taken friends here several times after a romp through frick park and have been disappointed every time . the vegetable sandwich was kind of slimy and lifeless . the turkey sandwich with stuffing was really salty and terribly dry . the decent beer selection was n't enough to wash it down . if pub food is what you seek , you 're probably better off slinking down to dunning 's at the other end . the silver lining : at least you ca n't get lost in here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dont know what the other reviews are talking about with the food , thought it was incredible . started with the field salad with gorgonzola dressing , very fresh and flavorful . i had the pub fish and chips which was good , the fries have that perfect combination of soft and crisp texture . my wife had the black strap seitan sandwich and loved it . it 's difficult to find a vegetarian option that is unique but they nailed it . the bbq sauce on it was tangy and went with the cheese perfectly . also nice that their cocktails are very reasonably priced and they have pimms cups which are quite hard to find . will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great . i ordered a quinoa black bean burger that was cooked to perfection . the onion rings were huge and delicious . the menh was small but the waitress was lovely and even said that if there was n't anything appealing on the menu that her cook could whip something up for me . i do n't live close , but i 'll definitely be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "living in regent square , this is where i go if i want to have a nice , quiet , relaxing beer . i have never been there on celtic music nights , every time i have gone i have been able to enjoy my food in peace , and this is something that is so important to me . its on the dark side , with not much natural light , but this really seems to vibe with the environment . the vegetarian selections are slim , but they are yummy . if your looking for a louder environment , try d 's . if you 're looking for a louder and rowdier environment , try murphys . thanks map room for giving me a place to relax !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as other reviewers have said , this is a nice place to get a beer and chat with friends . it 's relatively quiet compared to other places , and they do keep trivial pursuit cards around at the bar , which can add a little fun into the mix if you 're the trivia type . i struggle a little bit with the `` gastropub '' classification on this one , unless you call any bar & grille establishment a gastropub . i 've never had food here that i was particularly fond of , nor would i consider it one of their selling points . it 's merely ok . overall , the map room serves a different clientele and provides a niche atmosphere unlike the other establishments in the square , which is why is still exists .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cozy , clean neighborhood watering restaurant with a nice mix of people from aging hipsters , old school rs residents to young parents with kids in tow . also a nice change up if d 's gets too crowded next door . the food is a little on the pricey side but worth it , depending on what you order . the chicken wings are crazy large- almost freakishly so . but , yum -- they are tasty ! the french onion soup is pretty nice as well , but they do n't always have it on the menu . the crab corn chowder is so-so . ( i do n't know why i am always inclined to eat soup here , perhaps the nautical theme ) . give it a whirl the next time you are in rs . the bartenders ( especially the fella with the long ponytail ) and usually friendly and inviting as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything was incredibly fresh , full flavored and home made , like a special holiday meal with family ! the portions were extremely generous ( my chicken wings look like they came from pterodactyls and my crab cakes were the size of vinyl records ) . i like d 's next door for their 1000+ beer selection , but if great eating is my main focus , i 'd gladly return to the map room for their friendly casual service and cozy ambiance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the tables outside are normally taken over by smokers which is disappointing because i could sit out there all night drinking east end brewing drafts . as a vegetarian it 's a little harder to eat here , but there are some good options . the french fries in particular are a favorite of mine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stopped in here for a beer during happy hour . i am not sure if there were happy hour specials . ca n't remember . the beer selection was okay . the bathrooms are cleanly kept and the shot glass selection above the bar is awesome . nice touch to the bar ! i 'd go back for a drink , but it was n't the most exciting place . i guess it 's hard to get too crazy about with d 's close by .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my spot . great food and extensive whiskey list . the owner is always around and incredibly friendly ! recommend it over d 's if you want to be able to talk to the people you go with . maps are super cool . recommend the loaded fries . taco 's are fresh and a great deal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never had the food here so i can only comment on my drinking experiences , but i 've always had a good time here . i like the decor and it 's comfortable to hang out in , plus you often meet friendly people there ( or talkative at least , whn you 're at the bar ! ) . i 've always thought the prices looked a bit funny on the menu , as they 're listed like 4.27 and 5.29 and stuff , but maybe i 'm the only one who thinks that . also , they sell magner 's cider , yay !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the fries are really good . the turkey sandwich was creative and big , but the processed turkey slices did n't quite cut it , whatever they use for the bun was way too small , and they did n't mix enough dried cranberries with the mayo . it was good and filling , but nothing to write home about .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yes , map room yesssssss . love their happy hours . calamari tacos with fries on the side for only 3 dollars ? ya jokin ' ? ! best deal ever and the tacos were superb . i will definitely go here always and so should everyone else in regent square .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently , 5 of us went to the map room and were very disappointed . the `` crispy '' brussels sprouts were totally not crispy and the sauce was just bad . the hamburgers were charred and dry . my wife ordered a `` medium '' hamburger and it was black in the middle and inedible . she sent it back and they brought her another one to go since the rest of us were done eating . they should have comped the burger . when we got home , she went to eat it and it was raw in the middle . really ? it 's not that difficult to make a burger . i 've had some good meals here but this was not one plus , the place is quite dirty .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "even though my draft yuengling tasted way off and made me terribly sick , the wings here are , genuinely , the best ones i 've ever eaten , ever . and i would definitely come back for those wings at any point . and in the future , i 'd just steer clear of draft selections !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the map room could be a fantastic restaurant and i think it was at one point . i have had some really good food here and grape apes however the beer is often warm out of the tap and the food we have received the last few trips the food has been subpar . put more resources into updating the facilities and quality control in the kitchen for control and standardization and the map room can be great again !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food , good service . impressed with the whiskey offerings !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when i still lived in rs this map themed neighborhood pub was a nice place for brunch or dinner . some sundays during football season regulars would bring in potluck that was available for all to share . trivial pursuit cards at the bar are a fun feature . decent menu and the food is never a disappointment . bartenders are sweet and on their a game .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok folks . review after review . the same comments . the service is horrible and the staff is horrible and the manager is horrible . my experience was the exact same thing . you get an odd vibe and then release the bad attitude on everyone . i was there the one and only time i would ever go to this place and the manager was yelling at a customer . ( by the way , i would have given a zero star if i could )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "noodle soup was bland . noodles ? what noodles ? pork dumplings need more pork as well . the space is small and a bit cramped so pick a time to go that is not the lunch or dinner rush or on the weekend if you do n't feel like waiting for mediocre noodles . the prices are a bit high for what you get and i did n't see anything else on the menu worth making another trip back here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am so glad i found this place ! i was so disappointed that the noodle bar in down town summerlin recently closed so i figured i would give this a try . and i 'm so glad i did ! food : amazing literally every dish was great ! if you 're one of those kinds of people that ca n't taste food unless there 's 30 cloves of garlic and a jalape\u00f1o in it then this place is not for you . but if you can actually appreciate good quality & fresh ingredients , then i highly recommend this place . service : 5 star ! our server was constantly checking to make sure we were satisfied and had everything we needed ( including a fork since i was so horrible with the chopsticks ) im definitely going back to this place to try out more dishes ! the one thing i did n't like about this place was that it was pretty loud . but for amazing food i 'll suck it up ! lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thought we 'd give it a go because of convenience being from summerlin area . got here at 9:40p and ordered ramen and fried rice with gyoza for an app . did n't get the gyoza until 10:40 and the ramen came out at 11:05 with the fried rice at 11:15 . food is sub par . as many noted before , looks pretty but the taste is so bland . the ramen noodles were at the bottom of the bowl and stuck together like they were just opened from a package and barely cooked ( in fact they were from a package ) . peking duck fried rice was over seasoned and did n't resemble duck all that well . very disappointed with my experience . not worth the price for what they 're serving .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so after having the steamed bbq pork steam buns and ramen , yes it was good but compared to japan or other authentic japanese restaurants 8 noodle bar fell sadly short . i probably will not go back as there are better for cheaper .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we ordered kimchi rice , tonkatsu ramen and shrimp toast . food was great , service was good as well : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is located inside of one of my favorite casinos , red rock . i 've been searching for a restaurant that served good vermicelli in las vegas for two years . i found it ! the meat is well seasoned , the portions are fair and the prices are good especially considering that they 're located in a casino . this small noodle house serves not only vietnamese but , chinese and thai as well . the decor is clever and eye-catching . i would n't recommend this cute little place for large parties as it only seats about 50 people . i rated this restaurant at a three because the service is super slow ! it really does n't take 30 minutes to prepare noodles . needless to say , i 'd come back . hopefully they improve on the speed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'd leave a zero if i could . terribly disappointed that i never got to make it inside as it looked good from the line outside . showed up and the restaurant was full , a good sign ! the hostess told us it would be a 20 minute wait for our group of 4 . that sounded fine to us . we were there about 15 minutes when a couple more groups got in line behind us . a table cleared up , and a group that had just showed up was seated before us . no explanation , apology , etc . needless to say , they could n't have cared less about the fact we were there . so they did n't get our business . save your time and money and support another restaurant that cares about serving you !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "myself and a great friend visited this place on a whim . wow , we were so happy that we went . we really over indulged but we had a voucher that needed to be used in its entirety or lose it . we started by meeting our waiter , joel . he made this a really good experience for us . got our drinks , beer and wine . then he explained everything on the menu plus informed us that there would be a lot of food . we ordered the black bean salmon , spring rolls , pad thai , shrimp fried rice , 5 spice soup , veggie & mushroom , steamed rice , crispy noodles with shrimp chow mein . topped it off with their lychee custard . oh my god ! we ate like pigs and brought enough home for two more servings . all of this for a hundred bucks ! ca n't wait to go back for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very flavorful and affordable ! ! really enjoyed this place ! the food here is authentic and delicious ! i really enjoyed the shrimp toast and pad thai .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chicken pad thai ? the best . this place is a cute little restaurant at red rock casino.. prices are decent . and everything i 've eaten has been amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place . huge portions , more than fair prices & it does n't hurt that the female employees are very attractive get the shrimp toast & pork belly bowl and you 'll be stuffed for less than $ 15 this is the only noodle bar within station casinos . hope more will open soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered takeout at 5 pm on a saturday night they had it ready in 15 minutes . the food was absolutely delicious . the chicken pad thai was absolutely delicious . i do wish they would have added alfalfa sprouts .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "crooks ! they were out for 5-7 minutes ( no exaggeration ) and i get a bill for $ 340 ? ! the company stated that they did all this extra work that they never did . definitely one of the worst companies out there , stay away ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i highly recommend christian and patriot mechanical to all my friends.outstanding service from start to finish . calling the office for appointment is very easy . stacie will make you feel comfortable , and keep you informed every step . christian and his crew are very knowledgeable , friendly and eager to help you solve your ac issues with affordable solutions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after hot yoga trip with the girlfriend , we made our way to juicy lotus for a quick vegetarian supper as we were both too lazy too cook . it 's a small and charming eatery on monkland street next to many shops and cafes . the restaurant has very generous portion sizes . for $ 11 , you can get a 24 oz box and fill in as many different veggies as you want . i tend to choose a bit of everything , just to sample it all . my favorite would be the eggplants , i always take about half along with other salads . it 's very rich and packed with flavour . the stuffed vine leaf salad was n't that great . it was a bit too sour with a funny aftertaste . it was n't awful , but i would n't order that again . i would n't mind returning if i am in the area after another hot yoga session and i wanted a quick bite .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i appreciate the effort , the fact that there is a vegetarian spot on an otherwise not so very progressive street . however , the usual overdone vegetarian fair is exactly that : done to death . quinoa salads , veggie burgers , soups , burritos , cold salads , etc . prices are , as expected , very high for this sort of thing . there 's not much room to dine-in , probably only one or two tables , most people opt for take-out , and so did i. i want to be able to say i 'd be back , but my not-so fond memories of a vegan cake when i was craving just that keep me at bay from this , at least for now . go if : you 're in a rush , you 're not a vegan or a vegetarian but instead a curious by stander who thinks eating vegetarian for a day makes you feel `` so much better ! '' . this place is for you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would not recommend this for anyone that is vegan . the owner will often say things are vegan when they are not . salads are often 1-3 days old . not recommended for diabetics too . the food is marketed as `` gourmet vegetarian '' but is often very sugary and oily . every time i have been here the owner was yelling at employees obscenely . a very unpleasant environment . the food is also very overpriced .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a couple days ago , i did a great afternoon yoga class at moksha yoga ndg . i was meeting a friend who said he was at a vegetarian cafe , and this was part of my journey to cafe juicy lotus . this seemed be a great idea , healthy food after a good bit of exercise . as i went in , i really liked the vibe . small , cozy , and smelling great . i had a veggie burger with avocado salad & a stuffed vine leaf salad . the veggie burger was good , and the salads were fantastic . while i ate my friend had a biscotti , which was not too bad , this made me want to get something to eat so i opted for an energy ball made of coconut & some sort of green tea . it was delicious . in the end i am super happy that my friend introduced me to this cafe . i will definitely go back and give a try ... after a nice sweaty yoga session that is .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just got my first taste of juicy lotus ' fare tonight . we took out for dinner , since we were both busy with school and work . we got a pad thai with tofu shrimp and green vegetable stir-fry and it was delicious ! yum ! i ca n't wait to try more of their foods ! this is a great and healthier alternative on a night that you are too busy to cook , but do n't want to order something greasy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "did n't used to be a fan but management has changed and i love this place now . as has been previously mentioned the staff are really friendly and the price is reasonable for vegetarian food in montreal . my favorites include the stew and glass noodle salad and the desserts and smoothies are good too ! definitely worth a trip when you feel like something healthy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! great food , and great if you want to still eat something healthy but are too lazy to make it yourself . wish they had longer hours of op though ... .but that 's life ! ! ! good for pick up to bring home or you can eat it there they 'll warm it up for you , usually takes a bit of a while but nonetheless , very worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm always skeptical about vegan or vegetarian food , not because i do n't like fruits and veggies but just because it 's tough to get that wow factor . but i tried juicy lotus and i have to say i was impressed ! i 've tried their smoothies , and they 're fresh and flavourful and definitely give you that boost of vitamins : ) two of my favourite items are their samosas and their roasted eggplant salad , both packed with flavour and fresh ingredients . the staff is always friendly and while i would n't call this a sit down place , it is very clean inside and there is some seating , although most people seem to take their food to go . they have a variety of salads and desserts as well as pre packaged items you can pick up . they are a tad pricey depending on what you buy but to be fair the ingredients are fresh and the food is tasty and they let you sample the salads before buying so you can see if you like it , which i think is nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so , the food is fantabulous . really , it 's delicious , but whyyyyyy is it so expensive ! ? i would eat there once a week or at least a few times a month if i did n't feel like my wallet was just emptied ( i had another word in mind but it did n't seem politically correct and slightly offensive ) . also , to be honest , the staff is hit of miss . sometimes the staff is friendly and helpful and other times you feel like your interrupting someone 's life ... so , be warned , it 's so tasty , pricey and the service is a 50 50 chance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "blech but for the amazing kindness of the staff my experience would have been a total loss . very dated not well prepared not even properly heated vintage 1998 vegetarian fare . wish i could have liked it but i could n't even eat it . cold , twice reheated stuffed bell peppers with flavourless brown rice and red beans , tough chewy ( again flavourless ) brussels sprouts , half decent kale salad ( surprisingly bright dressing-the only highlight of the experience ) . yuck . this is my second visit after a terrible first . my bad for returning-shame on me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this cafe style eatery was incredibly well priced for the portions . i feel that if i lived in this neighbourhood i would be on first name basis with the staff within the week . this spot reminded me a lot of cafe bliss in victoria bc , where it feels more like you 're over at a friends kitchen than a restaurant , a charm i love when it comes to local businesses . if you 're looking for some unique eats to try , head down to this gem ... also , the rest if the neighbourhood is surrounded by beautiful shops and caf\u00e9s to check out while you 're done your feast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . vegan vegetarian food geared to takeout . sometimes when i want to take a break from cooking , i stock up on this delicious , healthy and colourful prepared food . i buy enough to last us three days . i love the lentil loaf , stuffed peppers , pierogis and samosas . also , there 's always a few different salads to try . i find it pretty expensive but worth it when you want to take a break from cooking . it 's better than having to order pizza .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "over priced food . i went in there and the girl behind the counter told me the quiche was 6 $ and then she charged me 7 $ for it-oops she made a mistake ! so i ask for quiche and the girl picks the sandwich-spacey hippie ! then i asked her to heat up the quiche for me and she did n't do such a great job . i do n't feel i got such a great value for 7 $ -a small piece of quiche . do they really have to put cane sugar in all their cakes ? ? ? i intolerant to cane sugar-they could use maple syrup for gods sake .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i come here onc3 in a while but not too often the food is but a bit to greasy i find .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fantastic place , owners go out of their way to help and are always friendly and fast . they have even helped me figure out how to package something myself to save money . truly looking out for customers best interest not just making a buck", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , anyone who is in need of printing services understands what its like to need something printed . you needed it yesterday , the file is too big or wrong something and you have to do something weird with margins and fonts , etc to get it to work . i typically order my brochures through an online service for real estate and something went wrong ( let 's just leave it there ) . i randomly dropped into postnet because my coworker always raves about them . i showed up with my laptop and a 35m pdf file . i left with my brochures in hand , less than an hour , half the price . i ca n't even believe how nice they were too ! best printer ever , thank you so much ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , very quick , prices that are competitive , and polished product . i 've gone to fedex and other large scale printers and they pale in comparison to what this postnet location is delivering .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went for free consultation . very friendly and informative . took panoramic xray . evaluated me for complete upper and lower . did not look in my mouth . quoted price and encouraged me to start in this same visit . i declined to get more opinions . went to another specialist , they told me the pan picture was too blurred to make any decision or recommendation . quoted a cost a bit higher that clear choice . gave me a very thorough exam , tooth by tooth , this was lacking at clear choice who never looked in my mouth . my opinion of clear choice is that they were more interested in my business than in my teeth", "score": "2"}
{"review": "waited 30 minutes after appointment time - bad start . keith came to get me and when i complained about the wait time , in not so many words told me i could leave ! ! ! ! told him i just wanted pricing and he told me it starts at $ 5000 per tooth , this is completely outrageous ! ! ! ! i go to a periodontist that charges me $ 3000 from start to finish and i wanted to check pricing somewhere else - now i know , this place gets two thumbs down . note for keith : you could use some customer service training , you have a pretty bad attitude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "only after coming in for a free consultation did i find out that not only will they not work with insurance companies , they wo n't even provide billing codes for your procedure until after the work is already completed . any company who wants to keep a secret what it is they are going to do until after is not operating in an ethical fashion ! ! ! this can only mean that they overcharge for services and are trying to keep people from being able to compare prices . other reputable and ethical dentists deserve your business , stay away from crooks like this ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "delightfully decorated place , great food and cozy homey and yet professional service . and the view !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "most beautiful location . the food was great . i had salmon with orange sauce . the salmon was done perfectly . my friend had a veal dish and he was equally pleased with his meal . one of the better restaurants on the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent restaurant with excellent service . i had for starters there mussels which were soooooo ... .tasty . then for dinner i had the lamb shank which melted in my mouth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a nice , snowy friday night of the end of november ; the hubby and i spending some quality time alone and a reservation at esmeralda ! the food was truly good , the service was something special and all that for a very moderate price . this is a place we will visit again , and i sure hope its going to be sooner rather than later !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "small hotel very close to downtown area , where you will find lot of entertainment ( downtown 5min walking distance ) . area is not the best , parking for guests is free . wifi + limited breakfeast is complimentary . hotel seems to be family owned - service is very friendly and taking care of you . room service can be improved , i had spots on my sheets in one of my beds . rooms have full bath , firdge , large tv , small work place and comfortable beds . no in room coffe machine , no gym , no pool . ok , you can just compare the hotel within it\u00b4s price range , not to a four star hilton , but i spent 72 $ in fact ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "room smelled and was very stuffy ... sheets were making me itch . towels were dirty or appeared to look dirty . also the maid did n't knock , entered and saw luggage and left . she could n't see me sitting on the bed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i like it because it 's walking distance to a few places i like and the owner was nice about letting us know to smoke in the balcony . the breakfast area is not very welcoming and that 's the only reason i took a star off . i love the balcony though . having a fridge & microwave helped a lot too . the other location might be better & have less transients though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place sucked . i stayed there a while ago and posted a bad review . i checked , and the review was removed . so basically , do n't stay there because , the bed bugs will feast on you and the cockroaches are full of the place . and if you 're african american and mention it to the staff , you will be treated very poorly . this time they ca n't remove it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very friendly staff . complimentary breakfast best waffles i 've ever ate . clean rooms and very reasonably priced . thank you rodeway inn ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , you can choose it only if you 're on a very very budget trip . 3 stars for ok breakfast and decent cleanliness . it smells . carpets always do you know ... night clocks will be good to have . all appliances and facets function good . parking is free , downtown is in three blocks . no bed bugs . at least i was lucky . recommended for students . sincerely yours , www.californiaway.org .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is a dump in a shady part of town ! we ate our $ and left ! it was worth eating the $ 140 to not stay there ! yuck !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after staying at a different hotel downtown i wanted to try another one and was not disappointed . staff was nice , rooms decent size and clean , bathroom is a little small but not really an issue . the best was location 20 minute walk from chase field or quick uber ride . good location for the stadium or arena or even just wanted to stay downtown . i would definitely stay here again if i travel to phoenix again", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a good deal buy one get one free for any drinks . and i like the fresh fruit smoothies there . last time i ordered mango one , it was fresh tasty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed gather 's bubble tea opening special which was 2 for 1 bubble tea last weekend . i got the roasted oolong milk bubble tea and the taro milk bubble tea both in a large . they were able to customize the ice and sugar which is standard at most bubble tea places . they were cash only at the time but i suspect they will get a card machine soon . the space is nice but there is n't alot of seating . i think the pricing is quite competitive and i was able to get a large for less than $ 5 which is pretty good in the neighbourhood . there is quite a lot of competition in the area from cup o house and real fruit bubble tea but i think they are a great addition to the neighbourhood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were walking on bloor street on a super hot day . you know how you watch a show or a movie , and there 's character walking aimlessly in the desert looking for something . seriously , when i saw the sign advertising mango juice with mango pieces for $ 3.99 , i was that guy in the desert who had just found an oasis . place looks pretty simple . chairs , green walls , stools that make you squat lower than you are , and an ordering table . nothing too spectacular about this place or my drink , but it seems like that have a lot of promos . be sure to keep a look out for those .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best avocado smoothies in toronto , i base it on how much avocado is used and how it is n't stupidity sugary or full of crushed ice . highly recommend , i get the xl atleast 2 times a week", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bubbletea is bubble tea ... the thing that makes this place special is the staff . they 're great at making you feel right at home . every wednesday before dance class , you 'll catch me slurpping on one of their fresh fruit smoothies !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know where these good reviews are coming in . tried their avocado promotion for 2.99 . prices are cheap but that 's what you 're getting for the money you paid for . maybe i just got a bad apple in the basket . been always a big fan of the avocado from other shops . most likely will not return to gather for that watered down taste..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice tiny cafe to chill , free wifi provided . i love their peach & coconut bubble tea .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wanted to give this bubble tea place a try since they advertise fresh fruit smoothies ( and our usual real fruit smoothie place was closed ) . ordered the mango diamond fresh fruit smoothie with tapioca . maybe i 'm spoiled from other chains , but the smoothie did n't taste fresh ; it was warm and very watery . i like a good thick smoothie . the tapioca was a bit hard . perhaps it was the time of day we came as it was late but i wish everything was fresher . probably would n't come back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i enjoyed their bubble tea . i had a taro milk tea . this is n't `` life-changing i have to go back and get it bubble tea '' , but it 's pretty standard . they have the basic bubble teas you would want . there 's a small sitting area inside but it 's definitely more of a grab and go place . i did appreciate that there was n't any ice in my bubble tea .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm giving them five star for their service because we went their place around 10:40 and the closing is 11 : ) the lady is very nice , we did n't here or feel anything from her and there still some customers who came around 10:55 i think ... customer service is thumbs up and the serving for the crepe is quite big .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very happy that my daughter is here ! staff made her feel welcome . it takes my daughter some time to open up . very shy . we 've only been attending a few weeks but our last pre-school was tough for her . so far so good . we as a family did not feel welcome at the previous daycare . anyone looking for a wonderful daycare for their children or infants i would recommend rising star . they may not have all the fancy playground accessories like other high priced day cares but school structure is more important to me . reasonably priced . mahalo rising star staff for making us feel welcome as a family", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter goes to this childcare and i absolutely love it ! the staff and owner are so friendly and sweet . my daughter loves going everyday and i love the fact they have an inside child size gym so even if it 's too hot outside to play my daughter still gets her daily exercise . the center is so clean which i also love unlike other centers in the area i 've been too in my opinion . i would recommend this center too anyone who wants a clean friendly and all above great childcare center : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter has only been going for about a month or two , this was her first time with a daycare and she loves it . all the girls seem very friendly , welcoming , and look like they love what they do , nanisha ( sorry if i misspelled your name ) , in particular is amazing ! i notice more and more every time that my daughter adores her in particular . sometimes when i drop her off she does n't want to stay , but the second she sees her she 's fine , she goes directly to her . she 's just amazing , she 's always going the extra step to make sure the kids are comfortable and well taken care of . needless to say i hope there 's a raise or promotion in your near future ! you go girl ! thank you for everything you do for my baby ! again they are all great and have a good system going and they are affordable , which is not easy to find both good qualities , thank you rising star !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my son is so excited to go to school . this is his first time going to preschool . when we visited his first thing he said was , he loves the smell of the school . rising stars has a theme each week . he has learn good values and lessons already in only 2 weeks . kai says his favorite teacher is `` ms. kelly '' and the favorite toys are `` robots and dinosaurs '' . tomrw is pj day , the owner does a great job taking the time to to make rising stars different , fun and educational for all . the teachers all help each other , thank you ms. tina for the efforts and time to create this great school .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter has been going to rising star for almost 2 years now . since she started going there , she has learned so much ! she loves all the teachers there and is always excited to see them ! she is almost ready for kindergarten , so it will be sad that she will have to leave later this year . thank you for being such good teachers for my daughter ! i recommend rising star ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a first time parent i was terrified to send my son to daycare . then i saw rising star 's facility and met the staff . tina immediately put me at ease and i knew my little man would be in good hands . everyone cares about the kids and their education which is very important to me . everything is always clean and smells fresh . the security features are all amazing and i know my son is safe here . i highly recommend rising star to anyone who wants the best childcare the valley has to offer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! my daughter is 2 and has been attending this daycare for a few months now . the place is very coloful , clean and always smells great . it feels more like a home than a facility . the staff is great ( which is the most important thing to me ) and they are all very welcoming . tina made us feel comfortable from day one and has done a great job choosing her staff . my daughters teacher , rebecca , is great with the kids ! we have very open communication which is important to make sure my daughters needs are always met . the only thing i think could use improvement is the outdoor play area , but the indoor play gym is perfect for these hot summer days . i 'm so happy to have found this place , my daughter loves coming here and i have peace of mind while i 'm at work", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm so happy i found rising star ! both my kids love it here . the staff is super nice and i know when they are there that they are being taken care of . my daughter just had her last week at rising star , because she started kindergarten , and she keeps asking me when she is going back ! she was also more than prepared for kinder after leaving rising star , they have their preschoolers recognizing shapes , letters and more in no time . my 2 year old son is still here and loving it , he ca n't wait to get to school everyday and tell the staff what he did the night before . rising star is the best ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best dentist ever . i have had anxiety about dentists all my life ... but not here . dr o is fantastic , comforting and gentle . been seeing him since we got to las vegas about 5 years now . : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very efficient & timely team ! thank you for getting me out of the waiting area & into the dental chair promptly ! uli is a great hygenist & nice too ! dr. o is always courteous & friendly ! glad your team has been there for our family for the past 12 years !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to dr. o for about 2 years now and i do n't see myself changing dentist . his staff is very accommodating and such an excellent team . they really pull the office together . dr. o himself is such an amazing dentist . i find myself in the waiting room for about 2 minutes before being called back . him and his staff are very efficient with your time and will get you in and out as soon as they can . if you 're in the henderson area ( or not ) and are looking for a dentist . dr. o is your man !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love this doctors integrity and honesty !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a long search , i am so happy to have found a great dentist . dr o is not only a great dentist but is great at engaging with his patients . love you dr o", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've taken my family here for almost 4 yrs now . dr. o is always courteous and friendly . this is a great place for military family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have n't had a dental cleaning in about a year and a half.. i just had a baby 6 months ago and figured it was time . i knew i wanted to try a new place , so i decided to check out augusta dental . the woman hygienist i had was wonderful . i will definitely be returning . i 've since returned and love it . i feel like the staff actually care and everyone is so great at what they do and welcoming . dr. o is great", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not sure how dr. o has gone unrated on yelp all this time . i 'm a picky guy about dentists but came to dr. o for whitening , a crown , and ended up there for 5 years now , i even see him for my cleanings when i 'm in town even since i moved . i pay cash and his prices are great and does n't offer any unnecessary work or xrays . he and his staff have decades of experience and their work is fast and as pleasant as going to the dentist gets . and the best part is they 're always on time and never overbook , the most i 've waited in 15 or so visits is about 5 minutes", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to dr. occhialino for several years and the service and care get better every visit . you simply ca n't do any better for dental care .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just found out that destihl does n't have a dedicated fryer for their french fries and other `` gluten-free '' offerings . and they have stopped offering a gf menu . they were obviously trying to cater to the trendy gluten-free crowd , but not to celiacs .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we had dinner here awhile back for the first time in a few years . they 've improved their menu recently and the variety is very nice - something for everyone . they also feel higher quality . no more expensive pizza ! we always enjoy the well priced , high quality beer . we ended buying a keg for a party which was a great value !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went here for mother 's day dinner the monday after . was impressed with the decor , menu , service , and food . our service was excellent . i had a flat iron steak and fingerling potatoes w blue cheese . steak was cooked perfectly . potatoes were tasty . other people in our group were satisfied with their choices . ( we tasted each other 's dishes to verify the deliciousness . ) portabella burger , veggie burger , american kobe burger , chipotle shrimp skewers , & chorizo stuffed dates wrapped in bacon were their choices . we had two appetizers - cheese curds & tempura-fried asparagus . yum , yum . one of our dessertw was the highly-promoted banana cream pie . good , but the bananas were over caramelized . ( waiter apologized ) . all in all we were very happy with our experience . i hope to take other people to share the destihl experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the go-to venue in downtown champaign for business luncheons or a relaxed beer after work . the interior is elegant in an understated , modern way and feels very warm and cozy . i am always happy with the brew selections here ( and i should since it is a brewery , right ? ) but the food is also quite good . my favorites are the wide selection of salads and burgers . appetizers are good when you 're here for drinks-nachos are recommended . service is prompt which is important when you 're on a schedule during work hours . definitely worth a visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really do think the food here is great , even compared to food in chicago . the prices are really fair , and for someone who 's not a beer expert the beer selection is fine . the wine is pretty good too at a decent price . i would definitely recommend the seasonal specials . they are always so fresh tasting and so delicious . the interior is very modern and has a high class feel . the bathrooms are clean . there 's a parking lot nearby as well as street parking . definitely a place you should visit is you 're in champaign .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrific menu and service . a little irritated i was carded for my drink order ( i 'm no spring chicken ! ) but the waiter made up for it with his attentive service and menu suggestions . my daughter and i had the bavarian pretzels as appetizer ( warning two gigantic pretzels ! ) -- they were fresh and deliciously soft and warm -- but very filling . my daughter had the bacon cheeseburger and i had the brewmaster pizza . both were good enough to warrant repeat visits . we ordered the carrot cake to go -- it 's gigantic and exceptional -- the size of a serving platter . we blissfully worked on it for two days .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "slow slow slow.. food is fine but the service is way too slow.. my kids will not go there..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i came here for brunch with my friend . the interior design is interesting as you can see the machines which i guess should be for brewing . i wanted something salty that morning so i ordered the chilaquiles . i never tried it before , but i like it . different flavors confused together . my friend ordered the mascarpone french toast . he likes it too . it 's not too sweet and the softness is great . the service is also good . we are planning to come again for their beer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i met my mom and daughter for lunch here . we ordered cheese curds for an appetizer . i ordered the chicken pot pie and my husband ordered a pizza . the chicken pot pie was awful . i 'm ok with changing recipes up a bit but not only did it have very different vegetables that were so undercooked they were almost raw , the flavors did not even resemble a pot pie . my daughter had gotten there after we had ordered and she order the pot pie , until she tasted mine and then we canceled the order and she ate some of my husband pizza . the pizza was n't bad but nothing to crow about either . i do n't think i would go back with all of the other food choices out there . waitress was friendly , cheese curds were ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "got the fried egg and bacon burger . was cooked as asked . maybe next time go lighter on the jab but overall it was good . friend had the nachos and subbed the pork for chicken . cheese is awesome . maybe add some fresh jalape\u00f1os next trip . service was great ! would go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "deep fried bacon is awesome . great selection of beers . service good . waiter waaay too social . buffalo was yummy . nice ambiance . ample parking . reasonable prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went there on a friday afternoon . plenty of available seating and the hostess provided excellent service . their burgers are always great . this time i tried 1 2 havarti and turkey sandwich and 1 2 ancho chicken salad with a side of chipotle coleslaw . the sandwich was pretty average , while the salad and coleslaw were fresh and flavorful . overall , the service was really good for the price of food", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a cute place in the downtown area of champaign . it is always busy on the weekends and the service is good . my only issue was that the menu was kind of all over the place . there was traditional bar food mixed in with thai as well as pasta dishes . just did n't seem coherent to me i guess . overall , it was a good experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have dined at destihl 3 times and have enjoyed the food every time . i highly recommend reservations . on this visit , we were seated right away while a walk-up couple was told it would be a 30 min wait . the lobby area was busy with people waiting to be seated . started with the potato croquettes , which had a nice flavor to them . also sampled 3 of the beers ... really enjoy the 4 oz options so i can try a few different varieties . we were satisfied with our entrees ... a pork tenderloin special and the flat iron steak . great flavors and cooked the way we ordered . best part is probably dessert . the smores are a fun , gooey mess and the cherry bread pudding was tasty . we dined on a saturday night , which was also prom night in the area and a busy sports night ( we were seated in the bar area ) , so it was a bit noisy . however , destihl is a good dining option in the cu area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best places in champaign . it 's a great place to take vegan friends . i recommend the warm potato and salmon ( minus the salmon and add extra veggies for non meat eaters ) . i also love the vegan burger without the cheese . their salads are good portions and are pretty tasty . lastly , the drinks are great . i love the sake lemon drop . i always request a homemade shandy with their strawberry blonde beer and lemonade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved the bacon dates appetizer ! and the cheese curds . i had the three cheese soup and the half of cuban sandwich and liked both . the side house salad i ordered was fresh and had a light house dressing . some of of our family had burgers and all were happy with the meal . one of us had the thai noodles and liked it . we all shared pumpkin bread pudding with pecan ice cream for desert and it was delicious . it is very clean and has a nice atmosphere . pretty reasonably priced for a family of 5 !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always above expectation . food : more than reasonable weekend brunch price , delicious food . 5 5 i would go hard for rancho stack . friendly staff : i will admit it is pretty darn hard for any servers to please me , but this one nailed it . 5 5 ( only wish i could give 10000000 5 ) it also uses products from local farms and offer vg gf lc foods .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a red ale , i normally would n't give a place a bad review because i chose poorly . in this case it 's warranted because it 's their own beer and they 're responsible for the quality . it was just a very thin beer , it did n't have enough flavor to stand up to the food . i had their meatloaf dish , and i appreciate the idea of creating a blend of beef , bison , and lamb the loaf itself was over mixed and too dense . the mashed potatoes seemed like they were made from a box , or they were over whipped , almost to a paste but there was enough butter to make them creamy . the roasted vegetables were pretty good . ended with the bread pudding , which was a drier than i like , but the caramel sauce was good . i liked how other things sounded on the menu if i go back i will update the rating but currently unimpressed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i wanted to come back and let ya 'll know that destihl has recently become vegan-friendly ! the marinated cucumbers and beer-battered asparagus are both vegan as-is , and destihl has added an 8 oz veggie burger to their menu that can be made vegan if the mayo 's left off . i believe there are a few other items that are vegan ( the peanuts and the chips are , sans ranch dip ) , but i have n't confirmed them with the chef , so i 'll leave you to figure that out on your own !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "occasionally , very rarely if truth be told , one finds oneself in champaign , home of university of illnois at urbana-champaign campus and gateway to the high plains . it is one of those lovely little midwestern university towns where one could spend a nice life far from the cut and thrust of city life . when in champaign , one could do worse than to eat at destihl . the place is modern brew pub of the sort that was popular in the late 90s in fleshpots like san francisco . get their flight , it is quite good . the amber is sweet and floral . they serve nice gastro pub fare . i had the fish ( of some sort ) that was quite nice . mid-west prices . sit on the corner patio in front of destihl , sipping their beer and watching the sunset on downtown champagne . good times . ( whew ! so snobby ! )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "beer is pretty good . i 'm not normally impressed with the offerings of small brewpubs , but this place is ok . liked every beer i was served . appetizers were good . i enjoyed the bacon-wrapped dates . things fell apart a bit when it came to our main meal . my hamburger was overcooked and uninteresting . no condiments for my sandwich . and waitstaff sorta evaporated once our food was delivered . this is a restaurant i would visit to sit at the bar and enjoy beer and snacks . but for lunch or dinner , i 'd take my meal elsewhere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pizza : chorizo & mushroom . sandwich : cuban-style pork . beer . best pink moscato !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is kind of a go-to place with out-of-town relatives , the food is good if overpriced . some dishes meh but i like the fish and chips . beer ok better than your low end brews . nicely decorated service generally good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have eaten here a couple times , once for dinner and once for brunch - food is always great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm in town for work and have been to this restaurant seven times in two weeks . i love almost everything on their menu from the burgers , chili , chorizo-wrapped dates , battered asparagus , brussel sprout salad and banana creme pie . they serve wagyu beef burgers or lamb bison-delicious ! i 'm not a fan of the dijon chicken but that 's the only thing that has n't been delicious . my coworkers enjoy the fish tacos a lot . the service here has been great , too . this is my favorite restaurant in champaign by far .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only eaten here four times . all four were great . good food for sure . the spot has a chain feel to it honestly , but the staff is nice and efficient . i am not a big fan of their beers , but to each their own eh ? i live around the corner , and well.. it 's kinda funny that it took me a year to finally walk in the door . glad i did . can be a bit pricey for the amount of actual food , but i should be grateful that i 'm not allowed to gorge on the goodness of their food . i '' m happy to see the diversity in downtown . not just another bar that is .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stuffed poblano peppers ! they are just delicious . the food at this place is amazing . it is also very wholesome . the staff is super helpful and makes really good selections . the location is fantastic and right in the middle of downtown and very accessible by bus . they have free validated parking available as well . they have a craft brewery as well and have some of the finest selections of beers . make sure to try their 4oz selections . lastly , the outdoor patio . definitely the place to be for lunch during spring and summers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been in for both lunch and dinner multiple times since they opened . i 've heard about their bloomington-normal location . the food is quite delicious and very flavorful , however i must say they go overboard with heat at times ! ( but that us a matter of taste of course ! ) very clean facilities , comfortable space and very nice selection of beer . i must say that the hard alcohol drinks are not always consistent in flavor or liquid amount .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is pretty great , price point on part of the menu is fair , others not so much . however the beer is absolutely incredible . i recommend trying their sours if you get a chance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beer battered asparagus is a many must ! i had the yummy scallops and curried mash potatoes and my bf had the bonein rib eye ... .both were great ! our sever was friendly and knew the menu well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food , good ambience . professionalism of wait staff and time waiting for food could use work . there is no excuse for waiting 1.5-2 hours on only a moderately busy night for our meal . really , the experience is make or break based on your wait staff . i 've had absolutely phenomenal wait staff and others that should have been let go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this restaurant an amazing place to stop while traveling especially for gluten free food . the town is cute and the food was great . the cedar plank salmon was a one sitting proportion . it tasted great . the gluten free options were limited but were different from what is typical when eating out . the squash and cashew meal was delicious . i highly recommend it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has great food , wonderful beer and a really pleasant outdoor dining area . beer battered asparagus is amazing and their banana cream pie is killer ! only knock is sometime the food takes a little while , but who could notice or care with so many great beers to try ! best place for dinner to start your night out in the downtown area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the menu has a good variety of options , which is nice . i have had the bison burger twice , but they seem to always cook it a little too much . i tried it medium once and medium rare another time , and both times they cooked it longer than they should of . but it still tasted good . service at the bar was very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bloody marys were great , stuffed dates were spicy yet delicious , mango ipa yum ! wait staff worked together well . an exceptional experience for a first time visit !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were told it would be a 35 minute wait . 1 3 of the tables were empty and the hostess just had us standing there . they clearly were n't understaffed so i 'm not sure why we were literally standing by empty tables . once we were sat , the service did n't improve . i 'm adding a star just because the beer was decent .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bacon wrapped dates a bit spicy but very good flavor . swordfish tacos delicious & the rice black beans that came with it had a great ancho chili flavor . beer battered fish sandwich very tasty & great chips with it . overall a delicious lunch today !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "limited menu for vegetarians and overall a pretty unhealthy menu . it has a lively atmosphere which can be fun for groups , but if you have a large party i recommend booking the private party room so you can actually hear each other . this place is best for business meals .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a great variety of beers . very happy to have it in champaign . food is good too but i always go here for the beer . i wish they improved their appetizers section a bit . not many appetizers designed for sharing . awesome ambiance . service depends on how busy they are the wait staff you get . i have been here many times and the experience varied .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our large group stopped for lunch on a visit to c-u . the restaurant is located downtown and is easily accessible . the menu was varied and our group decided to order multiple items to share for lunch . all of the choices were prepared well . my favorites were the cheese curds , soft pretzel and nachos . reasonable varied menu of beer . service was efficient and responsive . all in all , a good spot for lunch . a little pricey for c-u . access and parking were easy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the place looks great and i love the beer . the food looks great but it doesnt taste great ... . it 's usually overly salted . like calm down with the salt shaker . i like that they offer $ 2 mini beers so that you can try multiple . that 's a-okay in my book . one last thing ... what 's up with the waiters ? all of them ! they 've all got the personalities of awkward engineers . i actually was so certain our waiter was an awkward engineer that i asked him if he was a student at u of i . imagine my surprise when he said he studied library sciences . waaaah ? anyways , moderate place for food , good place for beer , awkward but polite service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great store to shop for the children in your family . they have legos for all ages and all kinds of different brands . staff is helpful and friendly , and store organized .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i guess it 's 5 stars . it 's the only one in arizona . i assume they stock most of the kits available now , there 's a giant wall with bins of parts you can purchase by the cup ( 2 sizes ) , and lots on display ( behind child-proof windows ) . the store is clean and adequately staffed . what else do you look for in a lego store ? although there were plenty of kids there , they were well-behaved for the most part and engaged , not out of control little lunatics . my husband seemed pleased-and he 's 34 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what 's not to love about the lego store inside the chandler mall ? the store is always clean and the staff is always friendly and helpful . i appreciate the way they interact with my preteen kids - recognizing that the kids are the customer and focusing on them rather than on me . it 's obvious that they value the young customers . never been disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store used to be the only one in arizona but this year there 's another one open up in glendale . nice store and friendly employees , me and my kids have spend countless hours in this store and not to mention spending a lot of moolah as well : - ) two months ago i bught myself the green grocer and then last month it was discountinued . so glad that i pick it up before it went out of stock . they do have some nice pab but it would be nice if they bring it some new parts every now and then . overall , i am pleased with this store and give it a 5 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we want to express our gratitude for store employee corey for assisting us in finding a rare mini figure piece to allow our 12 year old son tyler ( who has autism and is very specific to his desires ) to complete a minifigure with from the build your own minfig station . corey went out of his way to find us a piece that we have been searching for online only to find it way over priced by private sellers- we really appreciate his fortitude in making our day very successful ( plus it was mother 's day as well so seeing my kiddo happy really made my day even that much more special ) thank you corey for a job well done ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a lego portrait for my grandson . i was referred to a lego artist , dave shaddix , by the lego store . i contacted dave , emailed my grandson 's picture to him ( btw : my 6 year old grandson grooves on legos ) . dave responded via email with what the portrait would look like . i gave him the go ahead , and dave created a fantastic lego portrait of my grandson . this will be a family heirloom . dave 's contact info : dave shaddix 602-618-1335 http : southwestbricks.com", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone bring your healthy knees and ankles ... pisa has new turf ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been playing here for years . however in 2016 i have experienced many issues . billing has been incorrect , no one at the front desk and constant scheduling issues . the website also has n't been updated since last february 2015 . this place is going downhill fast .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we were here for happy feet , a soccer program for kiddos . the facility was great and they had a bar upstairs for parents ... good perk ! peace !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice facility for indoor soccer . it 's cool that they have a pub upstairs and a snack bar downstairs . i was just a little disappointed when i tried to order a carlsberg and was told they did n't have it , especially since they have signs up advertising it . but the pub overlooks the playing fields so i can get a beer and sit on the second level to watch the games . the leagues are very organized and all experience levels are represented . fun and informal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bring your own food ! attended a soccer tournament and they had to close the kitchen due to too many food orders . this included the snack bar and pub ! ! i 'm not sure how you are not prepared for a soccer tournament that you are hosting ! i was there a previous time around dinner time and the pub was closed due to lack of workers . clearly the management is in need of some process improvement opportunities ! turf was good though so , for that reason , i gave it 2 stars !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we are seniors ( men over 55 years of age ) , and there are three leagues that play monday 's tuesday 's and thursday 's . we play in the mornings during the winter months to keep our timing down . we all agree that it is a great facility for us . we are playing softball .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think the only good thing with them is installation . i will start from the customer service , they never answered my phone call neither my voice mails . i had problems with the film and its been more than a month since robbie promised me to fix it . i don'y know why he never answered me . they were so unhelpful with me . i brought them business and at least i need some one to answer a phone call . before they install the film they did n't check if it has any problem , after a week i contacted them and no one answered . one advise from me before you go to them . before you take your car , check every single protection film they install even if they said its under warranty . robbie thank you for not answering ant of my phone calls . i will never recommend you to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the paint protection film on my toyota ... : - ) looks great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "want the best , look no further . robbie is a true professional and is worth every dollar . he did both of my cars and when i trade those in , he will do the next ones too ! looking for a clear bra or tint , look no further !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first class operation here . i did end up having to wait quite awhile which was particularly inconvenient given that i was trying to make a tee time . however , there was a fairly valid reason and robbie made it right with me once it was all said and done , and i left very pleased . in a service business such as this doing quality work is obviously very important , but so too is good old fashioned professionalism and customer service . it 's also worth mentioning that his shop is meticulously kept , which makes it evident that robbie and his team obviously take pride in their image and their work . to me personally this is also very important when i 'm shopping for someone to do this kind of work . i 'm shocked these folks are not getting more pub on google and or yelp . i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the m3 is my 5th vehicle into them for window tint and clear bra . they are the very best . shelby cobra , s6 , 911 turbo , z4 all done here . the laser cut makes the install perfect compared to hand cut !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "robbie and protective film solutions are the best ! great service , and he really knows what he is doing . highly recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to protective film solutions for a clear bra for my 2016 sti and robbie did a great job putting on the xpel clear bra . i would highly recommend them and will bring future vehicles to them . great service ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great quality , great customer service . an all around wonderful experience with robbie and protective film solutions . i got 3m window tint .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "working with robbie was a pleasure . he answered promptly every time i called , and he is extremely professional ! drove from se gilbert to n scottsdale for the work and it was worth it . their work is top notch ! even took my second car to them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "misty has been doing my hair for over 8 years . she is a great stylist . she has a a flair for color , and also for cutting . we 've gone from short and choppy and very blonde to shoulder length and warmer . i highly recommend misty and think you should give her a try . you 'll like the way you look .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "misty is the best ! she has been doing my hair for about 4 years as well as members of my family and she is wonderful ! she just did my niece and got her and the wedding party ready for the wedding ... she was awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to salon bespoke for 3 years and have been extremely satisfied with the friendly service and their talented stylest . lilian is a master samari with her scissors in hand . its hard to find someone you trust and can give an honest opinion of what style looks good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to lillian about 3 times now and will continue to be a regular client . they are clean , professional and she does a great job . i 've really liked my cut the last few times i 've been there and my hair is not easy to deal with !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lillian cut my hair this morning , she was so sweet , and she cuts and blow dries amazingly ! ... .. really quick too ! i would definitely recommend her , i think i 've finally found my hair stylist . ... . good ones are so hard to find", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brilliant salon ! antonia is a great stylist ; it really makes a difference when someone knows how to use scissors rather than clipping everything . pricewise it 's not cheap ( $ 70 ) but you can go in for a complimentary clean up in between cuts and i think that 's going to even things out a lot . i 'll definitely be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i booked a last minute appointment with han , the junior stylist . i asked for a simple trim on my lengthily hair and i was n't disappointed . she was friendly as was the staff in general . hard to say how they would measure against a trickier cut but they got the job done and i have no complaints . this is n't ''the one ' salon for me but i would n't deter anyone who wanted to give this place a try .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "salon bespoke is my favorite salon in toronto . like susan , i followed my hairdresser from another yorkdale salon to this one . the decor is beautiful and all the stylist seem well informed on the latest styles and trends . i 'd have to recommend you go see lilian while you 're there . she does the most beautiful haircuts and listens to exactly what you want . which sounds like something all hairdressers should do automatically ( but they do n't ... do n't get me started on my past accidentally mullets and partial shaved heads - yes , seriously ) . the price is a little much sometimes but you definitely get the quality that equates with that price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ive been going to lilly for about 5 years , even before she was at this salon . she 's extreamly talented and skilled . i dont know about the other stylests but she 's the best . the actual salon is very clean and modern looking . love it there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this new sporting life location inside vaughan mills is more like an outlet instead of a regular store . almost all items are on sale . they also have specials that is only available for this location . the style and stock might not be the most current as there are some 2014 stock winter jacket at a steeper discount . looking for exactly what you like might take more effort and patience as it is more like a self serve set up . i do n't even think the staff would know exactly what they have in stock as some of the items might just be the last one available . worth checking it out . especially if you are getting more than 1 items , because they are offering extra discount : if you getting 4 items , and additional 20 % off ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this location - very friendly , helpful staff , a lot of good deals . however , they are closing down this location on jan 29 ( end of day ) . how sad ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's sad to see this store closed . i always found great stuff for a great price . the staff were nice and always willing to help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here on a sunday after a hard night 's partyin ' and i am so glad i did ... i had the best brunch of my life here ! like seriously ! i ca n't even remember what everyone got but we stuffed our faces and could n't stop talking about how delish everything was . i do remember what i got tho ... i got the banana foster breakfast ... and holy mother of all things delicious ! ! ! it was uh-amazing ! everyone was eating off my plate until i nearly chopped off hands ! only complaint i have is that the bloody mary was n't good . but i will not deduct a star because ... well ... with something as delicious as that darn bananas foster , to hell with the bloody mary !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here based on the recommendation of a few people we met during our stay in scottsdale . we ordered : breakfast bowl - think breakfast burrito without the tortilla and with pork green chili on top of your scramble . huevos rancheros - breakfast tostada bowl but the tortilla is not crispy . topped with green chili sauce . biscuits and gravy - very dense . not too much flavor mushroom omelette - needed more mushroom . creme fraiche is pretty much sour cream . overall , food was good . some dishes were better than others . we recommend getting the dishes with the pork chili , since the chili was really tasty . service : very nice . ambience : cute , casual breakfast joint . pretty large place with ample seats inside and outside . parking : ample rear parking overall : for food , we would give 3.5-4 stars . good breakfast joint but short of mind blowing . if you are near by , i 'd pop in but i would n't go out of my way for this one .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food , snobby staff ... nothing outstanding about this place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "aces to this place . great atmosphere and they give you a run for the money . i got the ham and 4 eggs platter . the order came out right quick . but . when i asked for greek toast . i guess she thought i said wheat . does n't matter . they gave me one slice and cut it in half . i had a problem with the eggs . they were cooked to perfection , but they were placed on top of each other , 2 by 2 . as i only eat the yoke , they broke apart and i did n't have enough bread to slop them up . the ham was phenomenal . nice and juicy . portions in this town are not what i expected . we 're not in chicago anymore !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything here rocks ! excellent java ... iced or hot and they will give you a roader ... i had eggs over medium ... cooked perfect with a nice buttery taste , a crazy great piece of grilled turkey ... idk what it was but so darn tasty , fresh fruit and the cranberry toast ... oooo i want it now ! ! ! my mates had choc chip pancakes and they were tasty , fluffy and so yummy ! the home fries were awesome as well ... this was a fantabulous foodtastic time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good eggs benedict . long wait , get there early because place gets packed ! ! dont get the bloody mary , it is not good ! get some mimosas instead or a smoothie ! there is parking in the back if you are lucky to find a spot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my favorite breakfast place ever . i 've moved around a lot and never had that `` neighborhood breakfast joint '' that the locals go to , and now i finally do . ( smiles ! ) their omlettes are absolutely delicious , you can either make your own or pick from a few that they have created ... like the bird ... yum . they have tons of pancakes topped with candied nuts , fruit purees , whipped cream , and even ice cream . is this really breakfast ? ! : ) they also have a number of healthy options , you can order egg whites , and they have great fresh fruits , oatmeal , and yogurt . i love their toasted bagels and soy lattes . their lunches are actually really good too ... i 've had their turkey club wrap and it was great , breakfast is still served all day though . i recommend going early though ! it gets packed after 8am on weekends and usually even weekdays .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always wanted to try the breakfast club during spring training but it is usually pretty slammed . not the case on a saturday morning in december at 9:30 am . i like the interior and we sat at the breakfast counter . quick food ! ! ! it was also delicious - good coffee , and my husband had the biscuits and gravy while i had the wild mushroom omelette . who does n't love fresh melon on the plate in december ! also , the fresh squeezed grapefruit juice was absolutely fabulous . served in a frozen glass made all the difference . service was ok ... ..and as a tip , to really feel like you fit in , make sure to come straight from the gym still outfitted in your yoga pants workout gear .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "popular , busy , and delicious ! i had a ham and cheese omelet and my daughter had 2 egg whites and a buckwheat waffle with fresh fruit . they were amazing . the waffle was light , fluffy , and flavorful . service was great and our waitress was very friendly ! allow for a 30 minute wait but breakfast came within 15 minutes . well worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the potatos are sprinkled with fairy dust ( or perhaps a healthy pat of butter ) with a nice punch and multiple hued bell peppers . i ordered the chipotle laced hollandaise on the `` traditional '' eggs benedict . on the menu they 'd mentioned the virginia ham - and it was worthy of special recognition . my friend had an omlette - every bite oozing with cheese . she raved about the potatos as well . all in all - loved it ! loved the name , loved the minimalist decor , loved being close enough to walk off the cholesterol coma with a brisk walk through beautiful old town scottsdale", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummy breakfast brunch place to eat at ! great service too ! definitely would recommend to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "idk . this place is just so idk . i feel greasy after i eat here . like that sneak-up starbucks grease feeling . the food is n't visibly dripping in grease , but it makes my insides feel like an angry incinerator . this has been after getting the breakfast grilled cheese , the breakfast burrito , the turkey reuben , and the tuna melt . those are all adequately different things . so , its not like i just keep making the same mistake . idk , people seem to really like this place . i feel like there are just a lot of better breakfast lunch places literally on the same street with better more interesting menus and better food", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not too bad , my mom friends and i came here for breakfast and had to wait over half an hour for a table ( i understand we have four babies total but come on , they would n't even let us push two tables together outside ) . the food was ok priced and pretty good , but their menu was pretty small . the waitress was really nice and we all left full , but i will probable never come here again ... just ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was good , but the coffee was horrible . i got the loaded breakfast ( 2 eggs , bacon , potatoes , toast , and fruit ) . good portion and decent price , but , if you like coffee , this is n't the place to go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had the best huevos rancheros ever this morning . green chile pork with black beans , onion , tomatoes , etc all over scrambled eggs . awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went here on a sat morning before flying out of phx upon arrival we could see a wait from the car and then parking was around back . i went to add my name on the list for 3 of us and she said 20 min wait so we looked at the menu and they had fresh fruit , and typical breakfast foods with a full coffee bar . i ordered the southwest rancho huevos it came in a tortilla with eggs and cheese hot sauce and sliced pork . my girlfriend got an omelet and it came with huge slices of fresh fruit and potatoes with peppers . her other girl friend got the four cheese omelet and could barley finish it . we all where stuffed and extremely happy with breakfast . i would recommend this place with out a doubt to anyone in the area who is hungry for fresh breakfast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i second christian a 's review . hostess was great ! food was cold , no follow up by the waitress , awful service . i spoke with the manager heidi , who cared about as much as the waitress . afterwards realized the manager watched as we had to get up to get condiments and ignored our obvious need for assistance . we still left $ 5 on top of a $ 32 bill . what a rip . wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "riding a bike nearby customer 's eating going very slowly . out walks a waitress verbally asssaulting us ! in front of the customers . no one hit by either bike . no signs up . decided to have breakfast in a friendlier environment . fyi", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible service ! ! ! ! if you do not have your party there then they do not seat anyone ! ! the are rude and very snobby for a service that should be great . food is fine if you can get past the service :", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food is good , the amount they serve is outstanding , however the service was ok and the waiting time to get a table can be over a hour . i have ate at other 's places with no wait where the food was just as good . i would go back if they hire better servers and more seating . other then that , i rate it a 3 star . oh the parking was kind of crazy too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here for spring training , the portions are huge ! ( my friend ordered an omelet ) . i ordered a traditional benedict . the hollandaise was a little liquidity and my egg was poached just a little too much ( the yolk did n't spill ) so i was n't crazy about my breakfast , but it was n't bad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best brunch i 've ever had . the southwest breakfast options were on point . food was quick and so delicious . i may plan a trip back to arizona just for this brunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the border bowl is so delicious . everything i 've tried here is delicious . the atmosphere is cool and upbeat . definitely recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in here on a wednesday at 11 . the wait was about 5 minutes for a table . i dont know if the waitress profiled me , but the guy at the table next to me received much faster service even though we were seated around the same time . the food came out super fast and tasted great ! i got a mimosa , a pancake , and an omelette that had turnkey and avocado in it . i do n't remember what it was called . the prices were fair . overall i liked the place . giving 4 stars for service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite breakfast in scottsdale on our trip ! there is always one on every trip we have and this one was it for me . i had the four cheese omelet that was heavenly ! just omg . i still think about that just mmmm . if we came back to scottsdale this would be the first place to hit up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am sure it 's good but the way they accommodate families is not very `` family friendly '' . we came in and we were kept waiting , way beyond our time and watched other large groups after us get seated before us because we had kids and the table that was sitting did n't want to sit next to kids . are you kidding me ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i always want what my friend gets . he got something with the word masa in the name and it was amazing . i got huevos rancheros and it was good not as amazing as my friend 's awesome choice . we sat outdoors on the sidewalk seating which was nice if a little chilly . it was sort of weird when people would go flying by on their bicycles . the prices here were great for the quality of food you got . i 'm a huge fan of this place and want to come all the way back from washington to get that one masa dish .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yes ! one of the best breakfast brunch places in old town scottsdale . this is saying a lot considering every block has a breakfast restaurant to choose from . i am an eggs benedict connoisseur foodie and have to say this is the best in town by far . there is not one item on there menu that you can go wrong with if you are trying to tame that morning hangover . this goes very well with the best bloody mary 's in town , spicy ! staff is very attentive and never makes you wait for something you need . if something is out of your liking , they will correct it in a heart beat . expect a wait if you are here during snowbird season and spring training . otherwise , come in around noon or early in the morning and you will be treated to a great food experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for breakfast this afternoon ( saturday around 12 ) and was very pleased with my experience ! ! michelle was our server and she was great ! very attentive , without being annoying . from past experiences , that 's hard to completely accomplish so i was very pleased ! my boyfriend and i barely had to wait ten minutes for a table ... on a saturday ! ! we 're in old town scottsdale so it 's totally understandable to wait for a table at a delicious restaurant ( which i do n't think people around here understand ) . i created my own omelet , and it was delicious ! my boyfriend ordered the breakfast burrito and he loved it . we are foodies ... especially me with breakfast food so i could n't make a decision so we also ordered french toast and loved it too ! ! cute place with a very friendly staff definitely coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "o-m-goodness ! what luck to have eaten here for breakfast ! ! huge portions served with fresh fruit slices or mixed berries . great service and very nice to sit on the porch under the heat towers as it was a cold morning . the only downside was there were so many good things it was hard to choose !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is consistently good in this very busy , loud place . waitresses are all heavily made-up and wearing the same outfits designed to enhance the environment . this is a great place for weekend brunch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there 's always a long wait here but you 'll fit right in on a sunday morning jumping out of your escalade or mercedes , geared up in full lulu lemon , running up to the hostess stand to put your name on the list as your boyfriend parks and then you both stand outside starving for an hour , waiting for your name to be called . i swear i witnessed this exact scenario about 10 times in a row . but then after standing there for about a half hour , i looked down and realized i was one of them . damn . oh well , the food is obviously decent , ( it 's really hard to mess up breakfast after all ) but the people watching is even better . my favorite are the walk of shamers , stumbling across the street in last night 's sexy outfit , high heels and smeared makeup only to turn back around after interpreting the situation and the wait time . sometimes you just need food , i get it . i just happened to have time to get somewhat dressed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went with my friend for sunday brunch a few weeks back and was very impressed . i ordered the huevos con masa , and it was very tasty . the flavors were so well blended ! i thought it would be too rich , but it was just perfect ! my friend got the bird , he gave me a bite and i was so jealous i did n't order it . the creamy cheese in the omelet was to die for ! i am looking forward to going back to order it ! the atmosphere was very comfortable and we did n't have to wait too long , so the overall experience was good ! if you are looking for a good brunch spot , i would recommend the breakfast club ... .cute name and easy to remember !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best american breakfast i 've ever had , hands down . great service , great coffee , great start to the day . better than any place i 've been to in college towns or new york city ( where i 'm from ) the pancakes ( with bananas foster ) were out of this world and went great with the quick start loaded breakfast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our first visit of all days was on a sunday on a holiday weekend . the wait was the norm of 25 minutes for the time of the day . the staff was friendly and professional . once seated , the server was attentive and had a great smile . she gave us good info on the menu . with the time of day we expect a long order wait , however the food came out fast , meal recommendation is the huevos rancheros if you are hungry and like the taste of the south . the meal was yummy and authentic . in addition , you must try their bloody mary . i ordered it a little spice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "consistently good food and we have always had outstanding service . in reading through a lot of mixed reviews i suspect our run of great luck has to do with we get here early and have not had the experience of waiting . i can imagine if my husband had to wait 45 minutes for his first cup of their delicious coffee he would probably force me to take at least on star away . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was excellent and so was the service ! i had one of the omelets and the portion size was huge . orange juice was freshly squeezed . i 'll definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the breakfast club ! my dad is a huge breakfast person and while he 's been in town , has yet to enjoy any local places i 've taken him , but he was so impressed here . in his words , `` everything has flavor and was portioned well '' . we love the breakfast club !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is delicious and the service was quick . on a friday morning about 11:30 we got seated immediately . may i suggest the french toast ? best french toast i 've ever had hands down . looking for breakfast . come here . not sure how this place is not at least 4-4 1 2 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had one of the most amazing brunches of my life at the breakfast club in phoenix . i went with a large party and we had a to wait a bit for a table , but they had a coffee bar which was super convenient . the iced coffee was incredible , so delicious and strong -- the wait time flew by . the menu options are incredible . i had so much trouble deciding which omelet i wanted , so a few of my friends and i ordered 3 and split them in thirds . my favorite one included mozzarella , tomatoes and pesto . they are large enough to do that , and are served with roasted veggies , potatoes and melon . totally unique compared to the standard toast and hash browns that you normally get with an omelets . service was efficient and friendly , which i appreciated with the large group . honestly , i ca n't stop thinking about brunch and wish i had more time in phoenix to go back to the breakfast club .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was nothing short of awesome ! ! the cinnamon french toast was wonderful & the omelette ( we got the wild hog ) was huge & delicious ! nicole was a great server . made great menu suggestion and was very nice ! a must-visit place for great breakfast !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i arrived on a saturday morning around 9:30 am , and we were told it would be about a 30 minute wait ( which we were expecting ) . we were seated within 30 minutes at a nice large booth . once seated , our waitress immediately introduced herself to us . she was very kind , friendly and professional . we received our food and drinks in a timely manner , and the food was absolutely delicious . the atmosphere was casual and comfortable . we will definitely be coming back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we go here every sunday , ca n't beat it ! ! i eat out for breakfast 3-4 times a week and at different places . this place is my favorite breakfast spot . we almost always have a different server and we have yet to have one that was n't great . today it was bethany that took it over the top and got me off my butt to write a review . thanks for the great service ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there was a long wait but that 's expected in scottsdale . i got a coffee at the juice bar while waiting , which was perfect . their food was delicious and the service was excellent . also , their mimosas were giant . i loved it and would recommend to others . just expect a wait", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best breakfast place i 've been to so far ! my fiance and i go out to a new place every monday and the breakfast club is beating everyone ! ! hands down ! the bloody mary was great and the steak eggs benidict was devine ! ! oh man..i 'm hungry again ! ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unbelievable . best service and steak and eggs in town . it is my new go to spot for breakfast . i like sitting at the counter . you get 3 eggs and fried potatoes laced with peppers and onions ; along with a good sized steak cooked to perfection . the mocha coffee was also amazing . love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great breakfast in beautiful scottsdale ! the food portions are huge , and delicious ! they make their own vegetable juice which i wished they sold in stores . overall experience was great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had breakfast here this morning it was great the breakfast club sandwich is the way to go eggs bacon cheese on an english muffin and its very reasonable and fast the service was great it a great place to start your day at", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite breakfast place in scottsdale . they have amazing coffee , a must for breakfast ! the service is really top notch . i have had an omelette , which was more than i could eat , eggs benedict , that were outstanding . i 've also had the basic 2 egg , toast , and bacon plate . everything is cooked perfectly , and it comes out fast . the prices are honest and there are friendly folks if you want to chat at the counter . a great breakfast is a great start to the day , and they do it well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! i 've had the breakfast chorizo burrito and their tuna salad sandwich , both of which were incredibly good . the prices are n't that bad either especially for the great quality of the meal . really fun environment , super busy on weekends though especially sundays . worth the wait though !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a good place.. as a tourist , most places in the area disappointed me , but i liked this breakfast place . service was good , and the food was very nice . i had french toast , but it was the best french toast i 've had .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "perfect place to refuel after an evening in old town . the people watching is some of the best around . if you ever wondered what that hot girl guy at the club looks like first thing in the morning , this is the place for you . food is fantastic , especially the classic french toast . give it a shot you wo n't be disappointed . if you 're looking for something a little more complex than the standard eggs , pancakes and bacon combo , breakfast club should be at the top of your list .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no wifi ? bad start . oj did not taste fresh squeezed for $ 4 for the small size . the potatoes that came with my breakfast burrito were amazing . the fresh fruit that come with it was really a nice touch and all tasty . unfortunately , the breakfast burrito was not great . i also added the pork green chile for an extra buck and was thinking i was getting a green chile sauce covering my burrito instead of a heaping load of pulled pork with green chile in the meat , but no delicious green chile sauce ( probably my own fault for a different expectation ) . the burrito was big enough to split , it just was n't good . btw , the burrito does n't come with salsa .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my husband and i try to eat at the breakfast club a few times a month . love this place ! i 'm a real breakfast fan and therefore look for good breakfast places whenever i travel , which is often . the breakfast club remains one of my favorites . love the bc breakfast sandwich and the breakfast grilled cheese . the service has always been excellent and though there is often a wait , it 's worth it . they are also more than happy to modify a dish to your specifications . i typically order one of the large mimosas and the only criticism is that the orange juice is a little bitter , however i attribute that to the fact they used fresh squeezed juice which is worth the trade off .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we found this place on yelp and it was only blocks from our hotel . the food and service was excellent . our server 's name should be `` chipper '' , she was so prompt and friendly , definitely a morning person . our entire experience was very pleasant . i highly recommend it . and do n't miss out on the fresh squeezed juice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here for breakfast on saturday morning and we were very pleased with the meal and the service ! i had the lox and bagels . the salmon was very fresh and there was enough to top both halves of the bagel . my boyfriend got the huevos rancheros and this was absolutely delish . the waitress recommended it and he was glad he ordered it . it was spicy and there was a ton of pork . the prices were pretty reasonable . i would definitely recommend checking this place out for breakfast , they have a lot of different options on the menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the belgian buckwheat waffles and they were cooked to perfection ! crispy on the outside with butter ! coffee was delicious . you need to go to know !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was fantastic ! i had the applewood bacon , scrambled eggs , and regular french toast . the bacon was nice and crisp with no undercooked spots . the eggs were nice and fluffy and the added just the right amount of cheese to them . lastly , the french toast ... damn ! it was so good ! i definitely recommend people to try this place ! the decor is nice and the waitresses wear all black shirts with black tights . women wo n't get anything from this portion of my review , but they had some very nice looking waitresses in those outfits ! lol !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by this place prior to our apache trail drive ! for our party of 7 , this place was great ! we have picky eaters from carnivores to vegetarians , including some that do n't eat eggs ! table ordered the breakfast grilled cheese , huevos ranchero , jalape\u00f1o cheddar biscuit , mushroom benedit ( has another name on their menu ) , yogurt granola and a order of waffles for the table ! all items were delicious , the biscuit was very cheesy , and my grilled cheese was made to perfect ( hash browns , with cheddar eggs and substituted bacon for avocado ! ) each dish also came with fresh fruit , which was very delicious ! ! ! the fresh oj is a must ! ! overall had a great time despite a 20 minute wait on a friday morning ! now i know why the wait occurs , want to come back if time permits before we go ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wear your ear protection ! i imagine having breakfast next to a jet engine at 100 % power would be quieter . i literally could not hear the person i was sitting next to unless i put my ear to her mouth , and no , i 'm not hard of hearing . food 2 star mediocre at best but service good . parking a challenge .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i thought this place was ok i have heard a lot of great reviews from this place from friends but i got the biscuits and gravy he and was actually a bit disappointed my dad really enjoyed his meal which was just regular bacon and eggs", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here had the border bowl . it was amazing .. the service was super fast and friendly . a place you must stop to visit if you like breakfast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great bfast and even better coffee . waiting kinda stinks tho get there early or bake in the sun waiting for a table . need more square feet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "full plates , fresh fruit bowls , good atmosphere and decent bloodies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the starbucks of breakfast . they signature french toast was from another world . i have been here maybe a dozen times and have never been disappointed . `` must go '' in you are ever in scottsdale .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best breakfast i have ever had ! the only downside is the wait to be seated . do n't let the wait scare you though . the food is well worth the wait ! i 've only been here once , but it will definitely not be my last !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went this morning for the first time for a meeting with one other person . wanted to sit at one of the high top tables to have some privacy and be able to speak without people close by . was advised there 's no service at these tables . they had us go to the counter and order carry out . ok , we did and explained we would be eating there . so , instead of bringing out food out on plates . everything was packed in individual plastic containers . between , the omelettes , toast , fruit , etc we had 6 containers in two plastic bags for over $ 38 w o tip . the restaurant was very nice and clean . for 8am on a monday morning they were n't packed . kind of surprised they would n't have gone out of their way a bit . i wo n't be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i frequent bc for brunch and love their food ! they have a great , diverse menu of delicious food but i personally recommend the biscuits and gravy . their drinks are tasty , though they are a little pricy . my one issue with bc is spotty service . some of the servers do n't seem to care very much and depending on who you get , you may never see your waitress the whole time . it is not uncommon for them to disappear for a long time and you end up with empty drink glasses or wait a long time to order . i 'm not sure if it is an issue with management or if they are perpetually understaffed . if you plan to go on a weekend day , i recommend calling ahead of time , seeing how long the wait is , and getting on the list . on a saturday or sunday , it can easily be 30-45 minutes and you can save yourself a lot of time by calling !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we enjoyed the breakfast club the food is excellent and we called ahead and they said it would be about a 20-25 minute wait when we arrived 20 minutes later we still had to wait another 40 minutes before , we where seated . this was on a friday on the weekends we get seated in 20 minutes . too many hostess too much talking and not paying attention .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for a sunday brunch if you do n't mind waiting a while for a seat . this place is delicious and popular but very packed . we waited longer than we would have liked , but once we were seated the service was great and the food was delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food and service were amazing ! we went on sunday before labor day with a large group ( bachelorette party ) and were seated without waiting too long , and the waitress split all our checks with no issues . the restaurant is clean and the style decor is fresh . the food was yummy -- one of the best smoked salmon bene 's i 've had . the pickles in the bloody mary are also yummy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved it ! this place was busy but we only had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated . we had the friendliest server , i wish i could remember her name , she was awesome ! the food was delicious and the portions were huge ! i will definitely be back to the breakfast club the next time i 'm visiting scottsdale .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marigolds and onions catered a wedding that i attended this weekend . i ca n't speak to the business dealings with them , as i had nothing to do with that end of things . but as a guest , i found the food to be delicious and beautifully presented ! the servers at the wedding were attentive , friendly , and very professional . always making an effort to serve on the left and clear on the right , tidying up our napkins when we stepped away from our seats , making sure we never had empty drinking glasses or wine glasses , etc . really wonderful meal ( salad , braised beef with veggies , and molton lava cake for dessert ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marigolds and onions catered our recent wedding in toronto and i can not heap enough praise on them . out of all the wedding vendors we hired , owner al saloman was head and shoulders above the rest . he met with us multiple times over the course of several months to try different meal options , select dishes and flatware , and review the menu . wedding planning can be very stressful , but we felt much better having al and company on our team . after all of that , m & o absolutely outdid themselves on the big night . we had loved everything at our tasting sessions , but i swear it was all even better at the wedding . our guests could not stop talking about the food . do n't think twice about hiring al and m & o . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "guest of a convention that used them to cater a boxed lunch for three days . excellent quality ! they had a gluten free lunch prepared for me each day that had my gluten eating husband jealous ! actually he enjoyed his lunch by them too but sometimes my gluten free dessert was better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't even know how to start this review ... i ordered panda express through a delivery service called postmates . this is what showed up on my doorstep . fried rice : so over cooked the rice was not able to be chewed because it was so hard . the eggs in the fried rice were completely black . spring rolls : still frozen inside . i called panda express and the lady who answered the phone did n't speak english . i should have known never to eat panda express in the first place , but this was ridiculous .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this panda express is located inside a von 's grocery store . if you walk through the produce department you will see it . i love that it is conveniently inside the store because i stop there several times a week and when i feel like quick chinese it is right there on the way to the check out ! i like that they always offer me a sample . i was sure of what i wanted one time until i tried a sample of the `` fire cracker chicken '' and was hooked ! if you have n't tried the `` chicken pot-stickers '' you need to because they are simply delicious ! ! ! there is some seating right near where you pay so if you are on a lunch break or something you can sit down and enjoy it there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a bit hard to find if you 're a first-timer , this location is inside vons , at the back of the produce department . being in a grocery store , it 's a very small panda , with a smaller selection of items . however , all your basics are there , plus the + $ 1 item du jour . employees are completely checked-out and uninterested , but can you really blame them ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place to eat ! friendly staff ! awesome awesome awesome ! panda is definitely healthier than most fast food ! love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yuck . avoid this panda express like the plague . i just got home to a cold , nasty order of kung pao chicken . it tasted like mush and seemed like it was days old . my wife 's orange chicken was orange bread . if there was chicken in it , it was at microscopic levels . the employees seem disinterested and bored . i hate the thought of kids in summerlin who get this crap for dinner from overworked single moms to stressed to cook . it would make me hate chinese food for life .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was the worst panada inside a vons i have ever seen . the fried rice seems like it had been sitting there for hours . there was only 1 egg roll ( even though they are supposed to be sold it sets of 2 ) , no wantons and the orange chicken looked like it was made in the morning . plus maybe the prices are higher here or they went up , it was over 8 dollars for a 3 entree meal , but i was willing to pay had it not looked so bad . pretty sad when frozen chinese food was better looking .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "always hits the spot when i do n't know what i 'm hungry for . food & service is great . priced just right .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been getting a pedicure here for the last 3 years . probably every couple of months . i usually get a hard time from the lady that manages the place because i do n't come more often . all in fun . she is extremely nice and always asks about my wife if she is not with me . any time i walk by and she see me she always takes the time to say hi . i know people worry about the cleanliness of the places that give pedicures . here they are always changing and upgrading procedures to make the place as clean as possible . the tools always come out or a sealed pack . the foot soak is done in a lined resolver . this liner is always changed for a new client . at this time i have had a pedicure from all the ladies that work there . sure i have my favorites but everyone does a excellent job .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place , every time i come i feel right at home getting pampered . the staff is very professional and friendly . they do a fantastic job . they are always willing to do what ever crazy idea i come up with . i highly recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have come to kevin for years . always great service . always quoted wait times and when you have an appointment you get seen at that time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to get my nails done back in 2013 and always came to kevin , took a break from acrylics for a while and started them againrecently i went to one other place and had a horrible experience . sure enough i came to kevin and he fixed me all up ! the staff is super nice and friendly . everything is very sanitary and cleaned after each client .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been going here with my family for years . i get mani , pedi and eyebrows waxed . never a bad experience , everyone is kind . just got gel nails for the 1st time . i love them . the designs the tech put on are adorable . like previous reviews stated , once they know you ... if they see you..they will wave and say hello . they always ask me how my mom is too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really disappointed with my `` cleaning . '' they promised carpet would be clean and i come in to gross stained carpeting . i asked if i could get a credit to have the carpets cleaned and they basically keep ignoring me . i 've made numerous emails and even went into the office ! however , they have no problem emailing and mailing me when it comes to them getting their money..i 'm going to have to pay out of pocket for stains that i did n't make . i would recommend making them clean carpets ( letting you see it..or an invoice for service at least ) because i do n't even think they had it done . ( even though i paid for a `` cleaning fee '' as part of my deposit .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible horrible company.. thieves , they kept my whole deposit . they didnt call me for a move out walk through , when i called about it they said the paperwork was in the mail . i went into the office and disputed it , they never returned another call or email.. out of a $ 1200 deposit i got $ 100 back . this company needs to be turned in to the better business buerou .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i only give this company one star because there is no option for less . this company is an enormous pain to deal with , they always treat you like garbage , and act almost hostile towards any questions you may have . speaking on the phone with them is a great displeasure as they are never helpful and are just trying to get off the phone as quickly as possible . dealing with them in person is no picnic either as i have personally witnessed the front desk ladies rolling their eyes at me when i asked for a receipt that i payed my rent . absolutely unacceptable . avoid this company at all costs if possible . we 're all humans and deserve to be treated better than this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "total scam . queen creek and mesa locations are the ones we dealt with , though we talked to allen every time . allen acted confused every time we talked to him , like he has never heard from us before . but he was quick to take our money and then immediately said the property we wanted had been rented already . i called the property owner only to find out it was rented before we even applied . yet apartment hunters still took or money ! do not give these people your money ! ! ! its a scam !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "crooks . when we moved into our rental home , the carpet was thread-bare in spots , grout was missing in the tiles , paint was patchy and nothing was cleaned . we insisted the carpets be cleaned and were treated as though that was a luxury . no walk-through was done with us . all paperwork was completed through the mail . throughout our stay , maintenance issues were not easily or efficiently addressed ( a c was out for nearly a week and our refrigerator stopped three different times , causing us to lose groceries . ) again , no walk through when we moved out . all paperwork was handled through the mail . 6 months later we received a notice that we were being sent to collections for $ 803 in home repairs above our security deposit , which they had kept all of . because we did not have adequate documentation , we could not dispute the bogus charges . now , a full year later and after the owed amount was paid , i am still trying to recover my credit and clear my name . do not work with this company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rip off ! apartment hunters , the office in mesa , az is a complete rip off ! they will do anything to trump up bogus charges and fees ( i.e. , air conditioning filter cleaning fee , etc ) to keep your security deposit and to charge you additional fees ! slow to respond to your concerns regarding repairs and basic maintenance ! horrid experience ... beware ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am only giving one star because when i did finally get to speak to someone , they were n't completely rude . however , not the best company to rent from . nothing in the house gets fixed regardless ( they blame it on the property owner ) - fine we finally moved out . scheduled a walk through on 6 13 16 . that day they told me the deposit will be in the mail within 15 business days . fine . fast forward to 7 14 16 - i received the deposit check today and half my deposit was taken out for `` stuff '' . during the walk through , the property manager said she did n't see a problem with us getting our full deposit back . but the break down , half our money was gone for `` paint '' and `` light bulbs '' . we made friends with the neighbors across the street and they said certain things were not done as stated on the statement . i would stay far away from this company as they do not treat tenants like human beings and are crooks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is specific to gary huntington , who was the apartment hunters agent that we dealt with . gary was very professional and walked us through the process of renting out our home while we are on a temporary assignment to alaska . gary answered all of our questions and concerns throughout the process , and had our house rented with perfect timing for our relocation . while we are only a few months into the process , everything to date has been extremely smooth and we are very comfortable that things are being taken care of . gary sometimes reminds me that he is taking care of things , so i do n't need to . everything on the financial side has run smoothly and we get a very detailed statement of account on the same day every month along with a direct deposit to our account of the rent minus expenses . in summary , i would have no reservations in recommending gary to any homeowner looking to rent out their home , or to a renter looking for a home to rent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this shop is amazing ! ! alot of 60 's pieces ... .which i absolutely love and the prices are just right ! the owner is a doll and very friendly . when you are down on roosevelt row ... be sure to stop on in and grab yourself a little treat from annie boomer vintage . you will not be sorry ... i promise !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite place to shop for clothes , there is so much color , the styles vary , and the owner is the sweetest full of sparks and energy , who could ask for more ? currently i even got my wedding dress from her store , always a fun time to have , wether browsing , just stopping in to say hi , or looking for something in particular m , love this store ! i could play dress up all day long ! she always has a huge selection of scarves and jewelry and cute purses from every era , and besides being my go to place for dresses she has a very good selection of blouses and jackets too ! ! if your looking to up your wardrobe definitely stop by , you wo n't be sorry ! ! love this lady and the lovley store : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is absolutely beautiful . the owner is such a gem and the options in this boutique are limitless . i scored a pair of vintage 1970 's ted lapidus sunglasses for $ 45 ! the clothes are so beautiful and lush . andrea coordinates the clothing for the weather so it 's easy to find what you need !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited this shop last week , fun collection of vintage lots of 50 's and 60 's . the owner was super friendly and recommended a few other shops for me to check out ! defiantly will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful place ! ! ! ! today was the , $ 20 fill a bag sale , & i truly had a blast . the clothes and accessories are gorgeous . best place for vintage clothes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as an update- this is the only place that i bring my car to for oil changes now . you just do not understand how difficult it is to find a shop that has volvo filters . most shops have to order them and the dealership is out of the question since they are pretty darn expensive . i do n't have much of anything else done but the oil change but they are quick and the waiting area is clean and they have a tv which is usually playing movies and you can walk to several nearby stores and restaurants to pass the time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dishonest ! i called today to see how long of a wait there would be for an oil change . i was told there was no wait and to come on down and they would get me taken care of right away . it took me 20 minutes to arrive at the shop where they told me it would be an hour and a half wait . there were four cars on the rack for repairs and he said two more cars were waiting . when i stated i had just called and was told there was no wait , he replied the cars had just come in in the last 20 minutes . they are dishonest and will lie to your face , i walked out.stay away ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i chose this place because its close to home and very convenient . the store is clean and the attendants are polite . my only grip is that the service is slow . i was the only car they were working on at the time ( oil change and filter change ) and it took over an hour . i asked the guy at the counter what the hold up was and i was informed that they were waiting for my filter to arrive from another store . geesh . i was irritated because before they started the work i asked how long it would take and if it was going to be a while i would just come back . i was told it would be quick and it wasnt . i did receive a coupon for half off my next oil change for my inconvenience . thank you for being thoughtful . i will return again ; however if the service is still slow my second visit may be my last .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would give zero stars if possible . i came here in september for an oil change and was given attitude because i did not want to buy everything they wanted to sell me . it took way longer then they said and it was only my car and anothers . i decided to go somewhere else to change my oil and they told me that this goodyear location screwed up my oil pan . very mad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never again . $ 20 for a 4 hr oil change when it was just mines and some other car i seen being worked on in the garage .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place use to be great but has really slipped . they stopped taking care of the decor and overall look , the floors needed to be desperately mopped . our waiter was very aloof and we waited significant amounts of times for drink refills . we were never offered more chips or salsa . we both had the pollo con chorizo . it was n't bad but it was good , the chorizo lacked flavor . the chicken was cooked well and the beans were actually very good . as i said , nothing impressive . prices have gone up here and the quality down . the location is very convienent and i hope they restore themselves to their previous standards .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food was good as always . it 's nice you can combine two different flavors of margaritas in a pitcher .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for a get together with two friends.. we waited 10 mins to get seated , when the restaurant was dead , service was terrible . the food was good and the atmosphere was clean and neat.. needs to work on their service", "score": "2"}
{"review": "slow service . shrimp fishy tasting . other dishes ok , bit not very good . will def go elsewhere next time for mexican .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if i could rate this restaurant zero stars , i would . i 've never been so insulted . i 've visited this restaurant multiple times . two times , i was asked to move tables to accommodate other customers . in hindsight , i , post 60 , was asked to vacate my booth for a younger couple . i wo n't be back . ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was average . what was a negative for us was the poor service . waiter was clearly not in a good mood acted as if he 'd rather be anywhere else , mumbled so that we hardly understood him had to guess what he said , did n't make eye contact or stop by our table to see if we needed anything . this was not a busy day & he did n't have more than 2 other tables . we probably wo n't be back . there are several mexican restaurants in the area where the food is better and the customer service is friendly & helpful .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food ! ! we eat here several times a week and i think it is the best mexican around . very clean and modern atmosphere too , some mexican places are seriously lacking in this department . i recommend them for sure ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i go weekly and have never been disappointed by the food . we came from california and were looking for good mexican food . this place fits the bill !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love it . best mexican in the area . food is superb . great service . guacamole is some of the best around . the salsa and chips are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i eat here probably every other week . the service and food are usually fantastic . the place is usually pretty clean as well . we only had one bad experience here , and that is when we were treated terribly by a server we had never seen before , and we are generally pretty laid back customers . the other employees took care of it though so i wo n't go into the experience , because it had not been our experience up to that point . we finally went back after a few months because we really like the food , and we have never seen that server since , so it looks like they took care of it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "found a bone in my food . and the person in charge said well that happens . it almost broke my tooth . there is nothing good about this place . it is really awful", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wonderful place . has good food , fast service . no complaints . i eat here at least once a week . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have the best salsa ever ( : the food is also excellent ... .i love how the beans are thick not runny ... .and the employees are all super nice ! ! ! by far one of the best mexican restaurants ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been coming here since they opened and i must say that i am very disappointed in what they have become . we sat down and looked at the menu and the prices have been increased significantly . overall , i was just not happy with the food . the service was good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food , great prices and great service ! we go there at least once a month . best salsa in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very clean and modern design inside , even in the bathroom . the menu has most of your standard mexican american dishes . all of the employees that we interacted with were very friendly and attentive . i had the huevos con chorizo , one of my favorite dishes , and was very satisfied with it . the guacamole had a strong lime flavor , but was still good . overall a very good dining experience , but nothing mind blowing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a nice , clean place with good service . i had the tamales , which were hard and chewy and tasted like they came out of a frozen tv dinner . i do n't recommend getting those .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing food ! ! ! kristen is absolutely amazing , we go there weekly and sit in her section . authentic homemade sangria ! endless salsa and chips ! they are tied in with el campisino , so if you like that place , you will love terraza", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ate there last night for the first time and really enjoyed ourselves . the place is really nice inside for being in a strip mall . i had the taquitos and they were yummy . the guacamole and chips and salsa were great too . the service was extra speedy too . we are definitely going back again soon . there were many other things i wanted to try on the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an adequate mexican place . i think the best thing on the menu is the chorizo and cheese , get it as an appetizer and you wo n't be disappointed . as far as the food goes , it 's average . i would n't say it 's fantastic but it 's good enough to keep me coming back for lunch . the taco salad is decent and they have really cheap lunch specials that are n't bad . i would go for the beef tips though , i would say that 's probably the best . i have always had to go back to work afterwards so i have never tried the margaritas but i would like to . people are very friendly and i have never had bad service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was one of the worst meals ever i only ate a few bites and was still sick ! took home my large amount of greasy leftovers and my bf ate them next day he was sick too ! ! we will not be going back here ever ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "have been coming here since they opened , great place with awesome food and fair prices . my wife and i love the sangria margaritas and their salsas are amazing . get a large beer here and they give you a bucket of beer with a handle . seriously , $ 5.50 for a beer so big it makes the german in me smile . a smiling german , do you know how impressive that is ? highly recommended ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whole restaurant smelled like toilet water , ruined our appetite . very very slow service . would not recommend to anybody .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just stopped in for dinner on my way home . probably the worst chili rellenos i 've had in my life . everything swimming in grease or oil -- the rellenos , the beans , even the rice . only good part of the meal was the gigantic draft beer that they call a `` tall '' . i needed it to wash down the yukky food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent meal . fresh ingredients . good service . adequate atmosphere . fajita salad was delicious and healthy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our fav local restaurant ! we go fairly regularly , and take family whenever we can . atmosphere , service and food as well as prices are great ! coupons are always out there too ! i 've never waited for a table and tried many menu items . if you are looking for good mexican food , this is the place to try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this little authentic mexican restaurant . the restaurant is fairly new and the decor is modern . for my meal , i ordered the chicken fajita quesadilla . it was delicious and so big for a great price ! my bill was under $ 10 and i also had a jumbo margarita . i had leftovers for the next day too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no matter how 'grown-up ' i am , i think i 'll always think of myself as a starving college student and always try to live as one . or maybe i just like life that way , who knows . all i know is i like this chipotle because i can surround myself with other starving college students and get a taco ( $ 1.50ish for the single ones ) , chips and guac ( $ 2.25 ) and a small drink ( free with my awesome unlv id ) and be totally substantially fed for under $ 5.00 . that 's all i need , baby . it do n't taste bad , either . ( in fact , considering it 's run by mcdonald 's i 'm surprised it 's as good as it is . it 's no zaba 's , but seriously i think it 's actual chicken . )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food ! ! but the ppl putting the food together need to have more consistency . i went a while back and they gave me a great amount of food for my money . i went back today and the lady was really stingy & pretty much gave me like half of what i got the last time . the food is kind of expensive so it would be nice to always get my money 's worth .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i started eating at this location about 2 years ago in january 2008 . i was a regular and ate here about 2 times a week for 2.5 months . the next thing i knew , i had hepatitis a . it was pretty horrible . i was sick for a little over a month . the doctor said that i probably caught it from someone handling food who was infected . the only place that i started going to that was new , was this chipotle . i 'm just saying , i 'll never eat here again because i 'm 90 % sure this is where i got it from .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here today ( 10 13 11 ) for lunch with my friend cassandra because unlv has bleh food options . i 'm not a fan of rice bean tortilla-topia nor am i a fan of their prices . what did i do ? i ordered a kid 's meal chicken quesadilla that came with 2 sides , chips & chocolate milk for $ 3.50 . heck yeah , that 's my kind of deal - i was full and only had one side . their rice is meh x 10 . kid 's meals are the only way i 'd go here because the rest is just too much food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "truly one of the great collegiate spots for mex-american cuisine ! i love chipotle . i loved it more after watching their documentary on netflix . if i ever forget to bring my lunch to school , i usually come here for their bowls with a tortilla on the side . for my bowls , i usually get chicken because it 's the cheapest , but i 've had the sofritas too , which are pretty tasty ( and cheap ! ) . love that they have brown rice options too now . i think this is a great location because you can call ahead and pick up your order , if you 're in a rush . it 's true , this place usually gets high influx around normal eating times ( 12p , 5p ) with all the array of interesting bodies maryland pkwy has to offer . one down side is that sometimes the staff are slow to clean up the tables , but it 's a small issue for a reasonably priced , fresh , `` fast food '' go-to for college students like myself : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first off , it 's chipotle . i already know what to expect when i walk in the door . the food was consistent , the staff was nice , but the place was dirty . granted , it was filled with college kids , and this was a busy time for them right after classes got out at unlv ( around 4ish ) . that being said , it was hard to get over the dirtiness of the dining area , the lack of a salt shaker ( hey i found one sitting on a table , some kids thought it was theirs to have and hold for all eternity ) , but maybe chipotle should invest in more than one . staff was nice , i 'll return again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have not set foot in a chiptole for i do n't know how many years ! ! we are on the way to lumberjacks kpop talent show at the unlv student union and chipotle is right across the street ! hunnie bunnie and i decide on a burrito bowl with cilantro rice , black beans , chicken , corn , mild pico and guacamole . it was delish ! hunnie bunnie thought the chicken was a little spicy but she was a trooper and still ate it . she ate most of the bowl and really liked it ! nom . plus i love all their fresh ingredients !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not a fan of this particular chipotle ... this is the 2nd time i 've been here within a year , and probably wo n't visit again for a long time . i ordered a carnitas bowl with medium heat . there were many problems with the food itself . the carnitas meat tasted over-seasoned ( i 've always gotten carnitas-something so i knew it was off this time ) , and they totally skimped on the lettuce , giving me the few scraps from the leftovers they had instead of refilling the lettuce . plus , as i saw the bottom of the bowl , there were a lot of juices . not to mention the sour cream was icy cold compared to the rest of the ingredients , making it taste even funnier ! : ( it just was n't that great overall -- i 'm really disappointed since i 've always loved chipotle .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "conveniently located across from unlv , it 's just a short walk away from school to get yourself a nice burrito , burrito bowl , or tacos from chipotle . they serve everything like any standard chipotle . it can become busy at times , especially around lunch , but if you go during non-peak hours , the lines are usually pretty short and you can get your food fairly quickly . they lock the bathroom here , so you have to ask the cashier at the front to unlock it , and they will press a button which unlocks the bathroom for you . good food at a good place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here multiple times . very good food . employees are great . there was a day when i came in 10 minutes before close and i was getting a bowl and i got a phone call that my house was flooding and the lady at the counter waa talking to me at the same time the person on the phone was . so i put my hand up to like gesture her to give me a second and i felt so rude . but she did not be rude to me she stayed nice . i apologized after i 've never done that i felt terrible but she 's the reason i 'm giving t stars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "las vegas has officically ruined chipotle for me . i tried to like it here 4 times but the quality is always terrible . the chicken has never been hot and it tastes like rubber jerky . awful tasting . somehow this location even figured out a way to mess up guacmole . drive to cali if you want chipotle .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best chipotle in las vegas . unlv make for a great variation of people to talk with while you eat ... . little secret . : if you are a unlv student , unlv staff , or clark county school district staff you show your id for a free drink ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the hubby and i came here at a strange time on memorial day . there was no line . the food was excellent . this was the largest burrito bowl i have ever received from a chipotle . they were very generous . it tasted fantastic . i love how they marinate their chicken . we left very happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service is really great here . the lines are long because it 's across unlv so it 's expected . the great thing is the workers here work fast and love their job . advice : do n't be so tight on the guacamole lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a unlv student i always find myself at chipotle for lunch in between classes or picking up something to take home after a long day . this particular location is always busy , therefore the foods always fresh ! even though all of the employees are fairly young , the service is great . they 'll let you sample things you have n't tried , and suggest a new spin to put on your burrito . love love love . i only doc 1 star because the lines between 12 and 2 ( lunchtime ) are lonnnnnnnnng . and they will not make quesadilla style burritos during lunch rush ( lame ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the chicken is soo flavorful , i usually get the burrito bowl with extra corn salsa and hot sauce . so good , i go everyday after school .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast serves for how busy it is . the staff is very friendly , so you can expect a nice greeting when you walk through the door . the food options are fresh and delicious ; making chipotle my favorite place to grab something quick . i love their chicken , white rice , pinto beans , picco de gallo , red sauce , lite sour cream , and lettuce burritos . so if you drop by and it 's your first time and you like chicken get it with the ingredients i suggested . ... hope you enjoy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like to take my family of seven to chipotle because of the good ingredients . we mostly eat organic at home so going to the restaurant and having similar options is wonderful . my kids love having their own little trays and portions . i wish the prices were more affordable for the kids meals . over $ 4 for small portions seems like a lot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do appreciate that they are eco-friendly . also , they are very busy around lunch time so the food is fresh . i get the burrito bowl which is plenty food to fill you up quickly because of all veggies beans and rice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent service every time we come in here . and this guy in the picture goes above and beyond every time with making sure everyone is doing well and keeping everything clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was like any other chipotle , which is good , but the service at this location was not good . the wait in the relatively short line was really long , and the ingredients were carelessly thrown together . when we got up to the register to pay we had to wait for the girl to come and take our money while she was chatting with another coworker who appeared to be off duty . then when she finally came up to us she spoke with an attitude as if we were being really slow and holding up the line . not a good customer service experience for sure .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ordered 2 salads and a chips and salsa . got no salad dressing and no salsa . it was 6min before they were closing . i love chipotle this is the first time ive had a problem like this . im sure its just the location , they need to up there standards and keep this kind of stuff stocked . cant eat a salad with no salad dressing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love chipotle ! it 's like my favorite fast food spot . too bad it is n't the healthiest spot , do n't be deceived by the fresh veggies ! lol , the rice and the burrito 's push you at almost 700 calories ... .but i find it worth it ! hahaha ! when i order , i usually get a salad with steak , tomatoes , extra corn , and hot sauce . take the lemons for the iced teas and squeeze that baby all over your salad , trust me ! it 's delicious ! haha . i love the atmosphere of this place , i have yet to receive any bad service from here . everyone 's so nice to me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had this for dinner . my first chipotle . had a bowl of brown rice , chicken , sofritos , veggies , and hot salsa . very fresh tasting . they could actually use more dining space . food was on par . i 'll be back , homies . lol .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i eat here frequently , often with large orders for the office which we submit online . when i walk in , even at their busy times the staff is friendly and often greets me by name . teresa is always happy , friendly and takes time to make sure our orders are correct . they will even call to make sure you are satisfied with your order if it 's placed online . i have been to this location both take out and dine in and it has always been a wonderful experience . the food is very good and even for those on diets or with restrictions there are plenty of options . the service is friendly and fast and the location always looks well maintained and clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my go-to chipotle since i work really close . the service here is always awesome and the food is exactly what you would expect a good chipotle to be serving . if you are going for lunch , go before 11:45am or after 1:30pm because between those times during the week , the line is usually out the door ( about 15 minute wait ) because of all the unlv students there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well i love chipotle and since i was with my sister after shopping it was the closest location , it was her first time eating here . the food was great but the redhead that works their was rude and impatient to my sister , she 's only 12 and it was her first time and she wasnt sure what to get so the red head was rolling her eyes and idk if she 's gon na work for a fastfood place she needs to learn to be patient . other than that 4 stars good food that 's why ! burrito bowl my favorite !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location has a serious problem with constancy of cooked meats . very busy location at unlv . not the best , but still chipotle .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm disappointed in how long it took them to give me the food i ordered a day prior . i was scheduled to pick up my food at 11:30 did n't get it until 12:05 i had a luncheon scheduled with attorneys and ran late thanks to them . the food was good but expect bad service and a long wait l .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been to many chipotles throughout the valley and have had mixed experiences and attitudes . this one , however , does not get skimpy with the portions which is great ! rhr customer service is always cheerful and pleasant too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we drive past this location often so usually pop in for one our favorites ( burrito bowl , extra chicken and beans ) . unfortunately this location just always seems to be busy , no matter what time of the day we go in there . then they seem to be really slow with actually making the food for everyone so even if there is only a few people in line , we seem to end up waiting for ages . great food though once you do get it !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do not go here . their meet has a horrible taste , their chips are stale , and their sauces taste like it was made with dirty water . i 've been to other chipotles and i 've enjoyed the food , but coming to this location has made me never want to eat at this restaurant again no matter what location it 's at .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i came here b4 class with my coworker . the line was long which is no shocker at chipotle . the line moved pretty quickly and when it was my turn to order i asked for an enchirrito ( the really cheesy burrito ) . i say can i have an enchirrito . the burrito builder tells me that they are busy and would i like something else . i said no i 'd like an enchirrito . so they guys gets the burrito breaks and then says you want a regular burrito right . me no enchirrito , enchirrito finally someone else comes over and makes my enchiroto . i was annoyed but the it was so good . ate the whole thing . totally worth having to be aggressive to get my order across .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love it ! it 's next to our school , i went with my group members , and i love it ! ! ! i eat there more than any other places ! ! good size and it 's so worth the money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "go here daily , long lines from 12-2 other than that the food is always fresh and tastes great . will replace your whole order if you do n't like it . burrito bowl with double steak is the best .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place . always fast and friendly . they have an app so you order ahead but i 've had bad experiences with that . by the time i got to the chipotle where i sent my order to they did n't even know i placed an order . i wish they took over the phone orders instead but they do n't you can only fax or use the app .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cheap on the portions . worst chipotle i have been to yet . but then again i am in las vegas .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "chipotle is my favorite chain restaurant ! it does n't matter if you 're in vegas , california , or arizona ! the food and portions are always amazing ! as a unlv student , it is awesome having this right across the street ! this place is always busy ! so do n't think you will be in and out in a min . the wait for food is probably 5 min , but that 's because the line is out the door during lunch time . this chipotles is awesome just like all of them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not my usual chipotle but as always great food and friendly service . this one is a bit more crowded being on campus so seating can be a challenge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their door states that they open at 10:45 , so my boyfriend and i were waiting in front from 10:35 to 10:46 . not one person unlocked the door even though there were 4 people standing at the register chatting and only looked over at us when we tried opening the door twice ! finally we decided that we did not want to spend our money there so we went to cafe rio instead ! oh , and while we were pulling out of the driveway another man walked up to the door around 10:48 and tried opening it and they still had n't unlocked it . get it together chipotle !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "today my boyfriend and i came in to get some burritos to go . the gentleman that prepared our food is the focus of this review . i did n't ask his name , but i should have . he was tall and wore plaid shorts . he had the best attitude . he did n't even say or do anything 'extra ' . you could just tell he was so appreciative of his job . as we walked out my boyfriend & i both looked to each other and mentioned how great he was . i wish i had cash to tip him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty standard chipotle . what put this particular location on edge is that they used to give a free drink to students ( with student id ) who purchased $ 5 or more ( pretty much all purchases since the price of a burrito starts at $ 5.85 ) . i tried this a few weeks ago and they no longer honor it . honestly , as a poor college student attending unlv , when i would be on campus deciding where to eat , the free drink pushed me to eat here . now that it 's gone , they might be seeing less business , well from me at least .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best chipotle location . i love chipotle so obviously i have been to many many locations to get my chipotle fix , but out of all , this is my favorite : ) let me tell you , as a busy location ( esp across the street from unlv ) , they 're customer service is never lost . staff is very vibrant and kind to customers , plus they make sure we are satisfied with our food . this location is also very consistent on giving good portions to their customers . there has yet been a moment when i was disappointed with my experience at this location . keep it up ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was great and friendly . problem is that outside its 50 degrees and the beer in the fridge is warm . i will be back i just will do without beer . guacamole was very fresh i just wish they added seasoning to it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had originally went to cafe rio however they were about to close and did n't want to be their last clients of the night . we went to chipotle instead . chiptole 's corporate responsibility is their biggest strength . their food is fresh and more americanized mexican food which is good unless you really want authentic mexican food . i had their burrito bowl without rice or meat . it was delicious and the portion was big enough to feed me and i normally eat large portions despite my small frame . i will definitely go back . the service is great and they always make sure to wish you a good day night when you are leaving . the restaurant is very clean and their decor is interesting . what made this meal memorable was the speed , portion , and overall service experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there bowls are what i usually go for and the usual add on items are okay . this location by unlv is pretty crowded when school is in session so later on in the afternoon is better for a visit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "make sure you check your orders before your leave , i got a burrito bowl with no lettuce and sauce on the side when i opened it ( while back at work ) it had lettuce and they did n't put my hot sauce on the side in the bag . that simple stuff really gets to me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it is my first time at this location , and justin was my server . he is so friendly and quick ! i appreciate his wonderful customer service . i will definitely be back for another sofritas bowl ! thanks chipotle !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come to this location when i 'm able to get enough co-workers together for a group order . no matter what time of the day it seems like the place is always busy so if you need to be in and out make sure you fax in your order or submit it online that way your food is ready when you get there . i love the freshness of the food and the idea that i 'm able to watch them make my food there in front of me . might i add that the margarita is n't so bad either . twist of lime pleeeaaaase ! but let me make it clear that i do n't order or consume alcoholic beverages while i 'm on the clock . that 's just unethical ; however , i will order a grapefruit flavored izzy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't get chipotle . i 've eated at several locations in california , and now vegas , always thinking the food will be better at the next location . i do n't know how you take flavor out of mexican food , but chipotles has figured it out . the food is dry and flavorless . i 've always been pleased with their service , and the restaurants are clean and nice - but the food is , meh ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hit or miss kinda place in terms of service in las vegas . the ingredients were fresh , the chips were awesome . overall , i recommend this place , for a convenient , quick meal for any unlv student ( such as myself ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i eat here almost everyday for lunch ! the wait can be long at certain times but worth the wait- the regular staff is awesome and friendly and they remember my order - i only have issues when they have visitor or new employees but they still get 5 stars because they move the line and are friendly and the food is always fresh and amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i find myself eating here every time after the gym . i am not really fond about the bowls or the tacos . i just personally love the chicken quesadilla . it is very satisfying and the quesadilla makes me full fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i come to this location quite frequently since it is right by campus and is also on my walk home from school work . i do n't feel like chipotle is anything special , but it is still good and you get a decent amount of food for the price . i like the fact that i can see the cooks cooking the meat and preparing the other ingredients so i know it is fresh . i usually get a burrito or a bowl with everything in it . my favorite meat choice is barbacoa or carnitas . i love their guacamole and chips .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to get the burrito bowl with chicken , black beans , brown rice , corn , pico de gallo , and guacamole . now that i 'm trying to eat less meat , i love love love their sofritas option . it is tasty and pairs perfectly with the way i prepare my burrito bowl . i could eat this daily . the usual nighttime cashier at this location is a really fantastic hospitable host and we look forward to seeing her each night almost as much as we look forward to chowing down on the delicious food . i love how clean their open kitchen is and how thoroughly they scrub everything down at the end of each evening .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chipotle is life lol they have great customer service and always have everything very clean and ready to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "place is great . if u wan na b low key . they serve beer here ! ! ! ! ! hell . i love this place always have . i feel like a super star when im here : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i call chipotle , the subway of mexican food , because even though it has some mexican words like `` carnitas '' or `` tacos '' its nothing close to a real mexican dish , just like subway is not close to an italian sub.it does n't mean its bad , it just simply means that if you are going for the full '' vato loco mexicano sabor arriba arriba ayayayay '' flavor ; you might want to go to another spot . chipotle is clean , fresh , inexpensive and serve good sized portions . the pinto beans are very good , so is the chicken and guacamole.the steak sometimes comes too cooked but you cant ask that much as at the end of the day it is still a fast food joint . calories count on the big menu is a super plus for me , as a natural `` gordito '' that i am , and trying to lose weight , this is a very good tool . ( i.e i would never eat the chips again because of its calorie count )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they still do n't peel the dead skin off their onions ! i wonder if they even read comments on yelp", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the first time i have ever been let down by chipotle . everything in my burrito bowl was subpar . lettuce was brown on the edges , rice seemed undercooked and the carnitas was so bad i picked it all off and did n't eat it . i almost went to cafe rio instead . now i wish i would have .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this place staffs are very friendly food is ver little they are very stingy but i still love chipotle .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been going to this location for years ... ever since i was a student at unlv . it 's always hit the spot , usually it 's kinda dirty and unkept but the staff has always been pleasant . it 's between a 3 and 4 , i 'm sure closer to a 4 for all the times i 've been there . also , do n't know if they still do it , but they used to give a free drink to unlv students with their id . awesome promotion .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "only 1 and that 's for service only . went for lunch as its close to work , but i wo n't be back . got tacos with chicken and steak and it was cold and over priced . no beans or rice . at least at cafe rio you rice n beans . three cold tacos and the steak tasted lie rubber gristle and chewy . chicken was cold , but bland . so disappointed , i 've been to others , but i 'm not coming back to this one .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is pretty cool , you come in and you get to choose what you want to put in your burrito ; much better than those other mystery meat burritos i 'm used to . mostly college kids from across the street , even on weekends . pretty basic and clean chipotle . parking lot is shared with a strip mall and looks a bit shady , but hey , there 's a coffee bean right across so i really ca n't complain much .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst burrito wrappers . ive been going here regularly for last few weeks . since last week , new employees cant wrap the burrito right so they are dripping all over while im eating them . quality better be come back to its standard as it was before . same burrito tasted so bad because it was breaking down . worst experience ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "clear from the reviews that this is the `` unlv '' chipotle . it is also pretty proximate to the strip without being on the strip , so if you are looking for a low maintenance meal away from the bustle ( and prices ) of big time vegas , this location is suggested . the restaurant itself is just like every other chipotle in the world .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing service , super nice ! jasmine and mark made my experience amazing and i will def be back to this location !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my fiance took his bike in for a `` check-up '' as it was a bit rusty , and the tires were oh-so-questionable . upon telling some of his biking enthusiast friends he was taking his bike in he was warned to `` not let them make you feel bad about your bike '' , because allegedly bike shops can be somewhat snobbish . this was not the case at landis cyclery . the people here are friendly , helpful , and do n't try to oversell you . incredibly , they threw in a free bike tire because they noticed the tread was a little low and put on new handlebars - all without an extra charge . the bike was spruced up to tip-top shape in no time at all . excellent service and worth your while .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our son recommended this place to us . so today we took our bikes in to leave them for tuneups . to our amazement we got to take our bikes back home with us . they did some minor adjustments and sent us on our way for $ 8 , when they could have kept our bikes and charged us for the tuneups when we came back . they are very efficient , friendly and honest . they took care of us right away . we will recommend this place to all our family and friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the very best bike shop i 've ever been to . they are so attentive , competent and friendly . i bought my last road bike here ... and they were so helpful with helping me choose the right bike for me . after listening , the guy recommended a bike that was less expensive than other bikes i was considering ! they also sell reasonably priced cycling jerseys , socks and other items that are typically way overpriced at other shops . all in all , it is a great shop . also , they 're open on sundays . : ) if i lived in phoenix , this shop on w. indian school road would be the only place i would go for my cycling needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought a cruiser so i can run the roads and i hit a few bike shops before i made my decision . these guys are priced as good or better than anywhere else that i tried , and the team there was super nice and helpful . i think that the guy who owns it also works there , whether he was or not the guys were super friendly and very well informed . cars , bikes , and electronics are something that i need the guy who is selling it to me to know much more about than me and not make me feel like he is using his knowledge to sell me more than i need and that was the feeling i got from these guys .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for valentine 's day i bought my gentleman friend a banged up vintage road bike . romantic , no ? i 'm a little leary of bike shop guys ... like dave b. mentioned , i 'm used to getting the sort of smug , hard-core cycling enthusiast attitude from local bike shops , but these guys were anything but smug . they were very straightforward and honest about whwat needed to be fixed , and the price on the repairs was definitely fair . it was obvious that they enjoy what they do , which is awesome . even better , they helped me unload the bike when i brought it in , and then loaded the unwieldy metal beast into the backseat of my car again when i picked it up . i 'll definitely continue to take my deteriorating vintage bikes in when they need to be serviced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here looking for a bike to commute to school . the person who waited on me , dylan , was rude to me and other customers . not welcoming , instead curt . he needs to improve his customer interaction . also , to test ride the bike , i was restricted to just the parking lot . dylan said this is because of liability issues and they ca n't prosecute if it 's off property . it 's not like this at any the other bike shops i visited in the area or out of the area . customer service is lacking . other than that , the place seemed pretty good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love having a long standing bike shop walking distance from home ! they are friendly and have aired up my tires for free on occasion . they have a varied selection of bikes and accessories from locks , bottle cages , baskets and everything else you might need for your bike . definitely , worth checking out their inventory if you find yourself in the melrose area ! i also like the colorful graffiti art on the wall adjacent to the shop as well as the painted walls in the back parking lot which they share with a few other local businesses . i purchased a basket for my bike . they attached it to my bike for me . it 's a high quality product and versatile . yet , it might be a bit over priced . overall , happy to support a local business : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after having a horrible experience at the bike barn i was on yelp searching for a new place for my bike restoration needs . i 'm new to the bicycling community and bike building . jeremy one of the guys at landis was totally helpful and took the time to help us get all the right parts that the pervious shop i went to sold to us incorrectly . only place i 'll go for my parts !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is not often that i give a place a second chance , but it does happen and i am glad that it happened with landis . after my rather scathing review i received a message from them , the contents of which shall remain between me and them . i thought it was so above and beyond to personally respond to my review that with a little nervous trepidation i took a bike i needed the bottom bracket removed from in . well they just lived up to every positive review on here about them . the mechanics were friendly to me , pulled the bottom bracket and hooked me up with a bike box that i needed to ship a frame . it was a great experience and they can definitely expect me in there again and soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after all the positive reviews of this place , plus my partner recommending it , i thought i would stop in at 2:15p on a tuesday . 20 minutes or so later nobody has so much as asked me what i needed . i guess i 'll just take my money and business somewhere else to buy myself a new bike . it 's a shame ; i saw some floor models i liked too .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was bike touring through the southwestern us and needed some parts and repairs in phoenix . they hooked me up with great service and low prices and even through me some free stuff for the road . wayne was very friendly , got me in and out very quickly , and did an excellent job with my bike . it has been riding smoothly ever since . landis has helped make my bike touring experience pleasant . i totally recomend this shop to others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i walked into landis with the intent to buy a purfix and that 's exactly what i did . they did n't have the model i wanted on the sales floor , but they had it in stock in the back warehouse . one of the guys put it together for me and made some adjustments after i rode it around out back . i 'm fairly new to the fixie life and he gave me some great beginner tips ! so helpful and an overall amazing experience . will definitely be going back to them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my bike in for a tuneup and a new kickstand . the guys are nice and made me feel welcome . prices are decent and i feel this is a good place to do business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service . each time i 've been there they have been really helpful and have given me discounts when asked . great place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i first visited landis cyclery on indian school to purchase a hard to find shimano hydraulic brake set . they had it in stock and we 're very helpful . i returned a second time for a pair of cycle shoes and the staff was again very helpful and knowledgable about the different products . each time i have visited the store , i have noticed they are always busy . the customers all seem happy in the store and it did not appear that people were mulling around to be helped . finally the prices are reasonable and they have a good selection of both mountain and road bike parts . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service . they 've done several service repairs for me without charging . it 's definitely a great place to buy a bike knowing you 'll have service behind the bike after you purchase .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the guys are landis are total pros and very nice ! they fix your bike in a jiffy and do n't try to sell you anything you do n't need . whether you are an experienced cyclist or more of a novice like me , they will talk you through your problem patiently and have you out of the shop faster than you thought possible -- and for a reasonable price . the manager is very friendly and happy to offer advice on good phoenix bike routes . the young guy in the atlanta braves hat is extremely quick and efficient . the older gentleman is very nice and capable but a bit slower .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have had nothing but good experiences at this shop . on our last visit , we stopped in because my son 's bike tire was flat and we were trying to change it ourselves but really did n't know how . a very helpful employee showed us what we needed and then gave my 12-year-old a tire-changing lesson until he had the task mastered . i was so pleasantly surprised and very grateful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lost the nut holding my front brake in place . made a quick trip to landis . the service was fast and friendly . they even had to cut the nut to size . in the end it only cost me a couple of bucks . as a freebie , they adjusted my brakes . very good experience . will return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best shop in town . these guys rock . always super nice and always have what i need . all of the guys ride which is a big plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a big fan of the service and i did get myself a really nice trek , she 's sexy . thank you landis for all your help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store will be my go to for bike repairs from now on . the employees are friendly and helpful , repairs are fast , and it 's very affordable . i 'll be back for any repairs in the future . highly recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down the best place in town for your bikes . the mechanics are excellent and they are always willing to help you out with anything you need .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have a great selection of cruisers and road bikes to check out in the shop , along with all of the gear you could ask for . i think the shop is more geared towards serious cyclers who want to go fast - way more racing and cycling gear than fixie cruiser stuff . we ended up getting a big purchase - a new water bottle holder for my husbands bike . ha ! but , they were incredibly helpful and great to visit with , very positive associates and overall a good trip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just had my bike tuned up , paid $ 45 , and the tires are almost flat . seems like they should check the tires for a tune up , its not like they have to change the spark plugs . do n't go here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i agree with the other posts . great customer service , knowledgeable and helpful staff . i love that they are close !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there 's a reason landis has been in business since 1912 : amazing customer service , friendly & knowledgeable staff , first rate service and quality products . if you have a bike , want a bike , need repairs , parts , accessories or even just need tips on where to ride , landis is the place to go . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i needed help getting our bike tires to the appropriate pressure . they were glad to help us and were very quick and friendly . we will be back in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great knowledgeable staff . well stocked . locally owned . joel and lara do an awesome job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have actually used this store twice . once , i was driving home and went in . this place opened by my house so i wanted to check it out . i went inside and was surprised by the beer and wine selection . very clean and friendly staff . they also have a pull up spot where you do n't even have to get out of your car . they come out with an ipad . i have n't used it , but i plan on it . the second time was for delivery . yes , delivery ! ! ! you can go to a mobile site and they deliver your order . it was perfect during my dinner party when i ran out of wine and ice . thank you guys . i look forward to a long relationship ; ) !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't speak to the wine , but it 's a great , small little bottle shop for beer . not a huge selection , but definitely includes the better beers from other larger selections you might find at another store . i went in there with the hope that they had booming rollers and they of course had booming rollers . also carries mother road for all of us enthusiasts , but like everywhere , tower station will go fast . and the prices are no different than what you would find at total wine . check this place out and support locally-owned business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was on my way to a nearby box store to pick up some beer and wine when i drove right by this place ... a great selection , phenomenal service , and a little find ! ! if you have n't been here check it out ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go in this shop randomly and they always have a great selection of cans bottles and bombers . joel and his wife are well versed in their products and if they do n't have it and it 's something they can order it will be there in a few days . i also love that they deliver .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found out about this service like 4 days ago and i am so excited because i 've been waiting for a service like this for ever ! i placed an order on superbowl sunday . it took less than 20 minutes for delivery . the selection and prices are pretty good . there are a few things i would have ordered instead but were n't available , however the driver said they are still trying to determine what items people want . i will be emailing them directly about that , but all in all , great experience . i will definitely be ordering again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used arcadia premium many times since it opened and never been disappointed . fast delivery with minimal markup over retail stores -- sometimes the prices even beat retail . online ordering really easy to use , and delivery guys ( and gals ) very friendly . a great option if you run out of time to shop , do n't want to go to the store , or maybe had a few and want someone else to drive the party supplies to you . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing company ! i sent beer to a friend stuck in az for work and i live in indy . my friend was n't in his hotel room and that really nice delivery guy left it at the front desk ! so sorry you did n't get a tip but the next time i 'm in phoenix i 'll double my tip and i 'll be recommending your service to all of my friends ! fast delivery , reasonable prices and super polite driver .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used arcadia premium for delivery when they first opened the door a little over a month ago . i loved what i got , and the was spot on , and that keeps me coming back . sometimes , i wish there was something else on their menu , like maybe a killer deal on a mystery combo or something , but as it is , they bring stuff to my door that i 'm hard pressed to find in any single location , and at a pretty reasonable price . maybe not costco cheap , but costco ca n't put my ideal mixers , beer , and wine combo on my door , so this takes one more shopping hassle off my list .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "welcome to arcadia ! i will set up deliveries for my business events . location and variety that you offer is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great thing ! on a sunday afternoon hubby and i decided that we 'd really enjoy some beer , cheese and charcuterie to enjoy while watching the oscars . but i really did n't want to haul off to the grocery store . voila ! i give arcadia premium a call ( after perusing their website for possible selections and their taphunter.com list ) and speak with lara , cheese expert extraordinaire about what they can offer . we end up with two packs of beer ( boulevard tank 7 for me , huss milk stout for hubby ) a delicious sheep 's milk soft cheese , and spicy , funky , fabulous sausage . as a bonus treat , we got a free ! mini lemon tart from piesnob . within 45 minutes lara was pulling up to the door of our apartment building with our treats ! we 'll be availing ourselves of this service often !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we live in chicago and wanted to send our close friends wine . i found arcadia premium on the web after calling a few local stores that were not able to help me with a sunday delivery . i spoke to hal , told him what i needed and he made everything so simple ! the wine was delivered within two hours and our friends were enjoying their gift that evening ! i will never use anyone else ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in because i heard they were carrying some slade grove products . guy working there was very friendly and they had what i went in for . great little business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks to the person who took my order over the phone ! gift wrapped and delivered ! great service and follow up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great store with hand selected beer , wine , and champagne . accompaniments too ( cheese meats ) . we stocked up a few goodies for our family celebration . faire la fete was a great bottle at the price point and i highly recommend . wifey & hubby outfit were very knowledgeable and nice . they deliver too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the reason i give this three stars is the exorbitant price tag . it was about $ 400 for 4 people without a lot of wine . the food is good although in the style of nouvelle cuisine with small portions . previous comments i read about good service and excellent bread selection i concur . was impressed with the deserts . however , i can pay $ 100 for a meal that i will never forget , i do n't think this meal qualifies . the decor is pleasant and relaxing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the menu d\u00e9gustation was truly amazing ! it 's a true culinaire experience . yes is expensive but u have for your money . food lover , perfect for a special occasion . i bring my boyfriend there for his bday and he just love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no stars , really . small plates should be renamed single bite plates . there were four of us and we should have been informed by the inadequate waiter that a plate would barely be enough for one person . the food was tasty but incredibly minuscule . scrounging would be a more descriptive term . what a disaster at exorbitant prices . do n't bother .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "small plates in a hotel ? this sounds like a recipe for crappy food at a high price ! i was surprised to find the food here is really good but when you throw on the hotel prices it 's getting up there with some of the big players in canada ! for that i had to bring the score down as it 's good but you can get much better in the amazing gastronomical city of montreal for the same style of food . the service is great as well as the atmosphere . if you 're looking to impress the ladies then this might be a place to do it . otherwise i 'd steer clear of here for those occasions .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "le restaurant est situ\u00e9 au 1er \u00e9tage d'un hotel qui de l'ext\u00e9rieur ne parait pas tr\u00e8s attirant . quand on rentre dans le restaurant , on d\u00e9couvre une tr\u00e8s belle place romantique . la qualit\u00e9 des produits pr\u00e9sents dans les assiettes est au rendez vous . cependant , le prix des plats semble un peu \u00e9lev\u00e9 par rapport \u00e0 la quantit\u00e9 pr\u00e9sente dans les assiettes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "quel accueil chaleureux et service professionnel . nous avons pris le menu 5 services et nous avons qu'une envie ; revenir pour le 10 services tellement tout est bon \u00e0 ravir . chaque plat est bien \u00e9quilibr\u00e9 avec un \u00e9ventail de saveurs subtiles . chaque bouch\u00e9e est une d\u00e9gustation . on aime prendre son temps dans ce bel endroit confortable et tranquille . \u00e7a fait vraiment du bien . trop de restos sont bruyants \u00e0 montreal . ici la qualit\u00e9 se paye et on en a pour notre argent . j'ai h\u00e2te \u00e0 notre prochaine visite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is our first trip to montreal ( also canada ) and also our first meal in montreal . compared to nyc , i think the portion is good for fine dining . flavor is complicated and i love the beef tartar and the duck ! this place definitely deserves more stars ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "d\u00e9ception ! nous avions tellement d'attentes envers le haut lieu de la gastronomie ... certains plats \u00e9taient plut\u00f4t ordinaires , d'autres bon mais rien a avoir envie d'y retourner ... service plut\u00f4t ordinaire , je convient que le jeune homme \u00e0 fait de son mieux mais une mauvaise connaissance du menu n'a pas expliquer celui ci ... et il avait un fran\u00e7ais approximatif bravo pour l'effort mais va ne va pas si tout . au prix de l'exp\u00e9rience celle -ci se doit d'\u00eatre parfaite , ce qui ne ne fut pas le cas . on y retourne ... . non", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a good 3.8 because they make here some really nice combination of ingredients . however , portion are all appetizer size and you will be left hungry for sure and service was really to slow , with several meal arriving not warm at all ( pan seared fat liver foie gras should be served hot , not just medium warm ! )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we ordered the five course tasting meal with wine . not cheap , but the food and service was excellent . the halibut with fiddleheads was one of the best things i 've ever eaten . for the people commenting about the size of the plates : the portions were n't large , but we walked away from the meal feeling full , but not stuffed . if someone else was paying , i 'd be back here in a shot . otherwise , it 's a very special occasion type of restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mind . blown . we had an incredible experience here , would highly recommend to anyone looking for a great dining experience . we tried the entr\u00e9es of salmon gravlax , porcelet ( so tender ) and the tartare of scallops ( wow please try this it was beautiful and so delicious ) . these dishes really respected and highlighted the main ingredients , the flavours were so concentrated and fresh . for the main dishes we tried the halibut ( fl\u00e9tan ) and duck confit . the fish was melt in your mouth but the duck really stole the show . best duck i ever had , flavours had an asian influence and was so tender . nice desserts pumpkin and chocolate based to follow . compliments to the chef samuel sauv\u00e9-lamothe , if you have n't heard his name in quebec cuisine i 'm sure you will soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is very good , the bread is fresh , the service is quick and the staff is knowledgeable . only problem : it 's grossly overpriced . you basically have the choice of an all-inclusive for two , that comes to almost $ 200 . or you select from a list of small tapas at around $ 20- $ 25 each . my gf had a cocktail that came at $ 26 . i mean ... .the place is good but i 'm sorry , those prices are pretentious . and it 's not like i 'm not used to pay to go to good restaurants . i enjoy dining out at good spots and i usually do n't care about the price . but laurie raphael is the most expensive place i 've been in a couple years . this is why i actually know you can get equally good food and experience ( even better to be frank ) for half the $ 150 you 'll pay per head at laurie raphael . bottom line : had a good experience but the inflated bill ruined it all . will not return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "these guys are the best ! they literally installed a blu-ray player and hd drop down tv in my brand-new 2017 lexus gx460 . randomly found these guys , glad i did . i will use them for all my projects now ! 5 stars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could leave a review that the reader would know that stereo installs is the place to go , it would be this : i followed brian when he left his last place of employment to start stereo installs , his venture . that speaks volumes to his quality , service and ethic . there have n't been too many places someone can say they followed the person when they left a business to start their own business . brian 's customer service , crew and really clean work will make stereo installs a success . if you need stereo systems , alarms remote start , lighting , etc installed , do not go anywhere else ! not only are you going to the only place for great work , but you are also supporting small business ! you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perfect install on dvd head unit . my friends and family thought it was factory - i am a very picky person and everything was perfect ! amps , subs , flip down dvd , custom box , remote starter , security system , everything was done right . well worth the money", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bryan is the only person in the cleveland area i would trust with any of my cars . hands down the best ! this business is new but he 's been in the industry for over 20 years ! # pro", "score": "5"}
{"review": "heard some really good things about this place from the waxing girl at the salon i go to so i decided to give it a try . it was pretty cool ! not too crowded on a friday night compared to hefe where we 'd just been . i liked the dance floor although it could 've been bigger . there 's a serious lack of dance floors in old town so i will take what i can get . service was good at the bar , drinks were strong . i thought the music was pretty good and not all top-40 repeats like some places . it 's kinda like a smaller , more intimate smashboxx . my girls and i will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very `` eh . '' went here last night for my brother 's birthday , where he had table service . i know he had some big disagreement with the management at the last minute over which tables we received for table service , but i wo n't knock them points on this one since i do n't know the details . i had n't heard of this place before we went there , so i did n't have any expectations -- probably a good thing . this place was just very ... middle-of-the-road . it certainly was packed on a saturday night , but basically just a collection of tables and a mid-size dance floor . there was n't really anything special that left an impression on me ... well , other than servers walking through the crowds with sparklers and bottles of champagne every now and then . music was more techno dance than hip hop , and there were more guys there than girls -- which i was okay with ! overall , fine , but i wo n't go out of my way to return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "decent club . was my last stop after a fun-filled night of old-town bar-hopping saturday night . i actually did n't think this club was packed at all . no line , plenty of room to dance and walk around , and was able to get drinks at the bar pronto ! also a outdoor patio great for people watching . the inside is very dark , but the place is pretty nice . i 'd come back again for sure .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "overall : great location if you are a women , slacking if you 're a male . ascetically pleasing but unless you know the bartenders here getting a drink will take awhile . additionally , if you 're a male just be aware this establishment only has urinals . there is no toilet . while this may not seem like a problem , the one time you need a toilet , it is . i really do n't know how you can be an establishment without a toilet , but ok . door guys bouncers are polite and engaging and drinks are well-made .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i give this place two stars because lets face it , they have two bars . but it 's all over priced , and extremely small . the dance floor has room for maybe a handful of people before it gets too packed . there are booths around the perimiter for bottle service if that 's your thing , but there 's nothing to look at while chilling in a booth . i may be too harsh considering i 've been to much better clubs in vegas , but i would only come back here if i could get in for free . i would never pay a cover to get into this place ever .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "terrible place , excruciatingly bad service , douchebags galore , lame drinks . only thing keeping them in biz is that sometimes they have cool dj 's there and the place is ok looking inside . management in particular is what really screws the place over . scottsdale is ready for the next management team to take over the space and really turn the concept of wild knight into a thriving business , not a bland place that pisses people off . it was embarrassing , i had a friend in from miami ( he 's been to some very exciting clubs all over the country including liv in miami , # 2 in the world ) and i thought it 'd be a good idea to bring him here . terrible experience , underwhelming to say the least , i fully regret showing this place to him since now he has a super bad impression of what scottsdale nightlife can really be . blah .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not deserving of only two stars . this club is a little taste of vegas in old town ! it 's small enough to not be overwhelmed but you can avoid people if you want too . has a patio that has open seating for smokers . the dance floor could be better having two tables on the floor effects the traffic flow if you like house music dark rooms and petty people give wk a swing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm a huge fan of this place ! the drinks run a little steep but the atmosphere is great . the one thing is they do n't really have a dance floor so try and get invited to a table !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are a true electronic music lover , you do n't really care about the other stuff . the talent they book here is insane ! i recently saw judge jules on a friday night . not too busy , i was able to interact with him , get pictures ... it was awesome . you 'd never be able to do this at a larger show . the dudes who work here are real douche bags . someone spilled a drink all over the dance floor . when the douche in a suit `` guarding '' the stage was told about it , he threw his hands up and said he did n't care . will he care when someone slips and breaks a leg on his dance floor ? probably not . if you are not doing bottle service then there is nowhere to sit , but why would you be sitting anyway ? again , if you are looking to hear the top names in electronic and do n't care about anything else , this is the place for you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the one thing this location has going for them are the great dj shows they bring . other than that it 's a waste of time . it 's such a disappointment to wait 25 minutes outside to realize there is no one in the club . i recently purchased tickets to the zedd show . i showed up around 11:30pm to find that i had to wait in line . i had a ticket but i was n't allowed in because they were at capacity . if you are going to have a big show do n't put it in a tiny club like this . there are plenty of other venues that are bigger and less hassle at the door .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "everything i needed in an upscale scottsdale club ! ! ! great dj , and amazing cocktails . the place was packed ! i was barely able to hear when i left ! ! ! danced all night ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has a great vibe , with great lights and outstanding music . the only thing i have to complain about is the staff . the bartenders are dooshbags and seem to be exclusively guys who do n't know how to make drinks , or charge for them . `` whats that ? '' and `` we do n't have that '' are the standard for them . the even bigger dooshbags are the bouncers , to guys and girls . they are such big dooshbags that this is probably see this as a compliment . if you can get past these gentlemen then wild knight is a great place to chill out and sip a drink or dance and listen to the music .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do not pay for a ticket to this club . i paid 47 $ for my hardwell ticket and i was n't allowed into the club because it was over capacity . had to hop the patio to get in . i have been going to wild knight for over a year because they get all the best djs at a reasonable price and have never seen something as fucked up as the night that hardwell was there . i will never go to this terribly run club ever again in my life . the only reason i went here wa bc they would get great musicians to perform here , but after beig rejected entrance into the club , even tho i paid 50 $ for a ticket puts a bad taste in my mouth . the manager would n't even speak to me , incompetent bastard .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we hung out here for new years . great music , great dancers , and amazing atmosphere ! good place to bring a group of friends and get a table .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here for aly & fila and mord funstang and both shows were incredible . the drinks were good and the bar staff was professional . one of their locals , dj tranzit , opened for mord fustang and he was also really good . the crowd that came for aly & fila was really energetic and you can tell loved trance . ca n't wait for another cool event here . i left out one star just because the fenced off vip areas made the dance area a bit cramped during crowded shows .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place yes , has amazing dj 's spin thanks to relentless beats . if it was n't for that , this place would be just the venue that was there before it closed down . if they have big dj 's it will be packed , if not you can expect there to be 10-15 people inside . the `` bouncers '' outside who think they 're running the door at liv will make you pay cover . the people that run this place obviously could care less about anyone unless you 're there friend , or have a table . they tend to treat people very poorly , do n't believe me , look at every other review for this place and you will see the same message . they purposely do n't have lines here because they 're trying to create this sobe la vibe . do n't go here unless a big dj is playing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so . much . fun . was just in scottsdale for the weekend visiting a friend . he took us to a number of bars , including mint , american junkie , el hefe , and some others , but wild knight was hands-down the best of all . the decor , the dj , the staff , the drinks ... the best of the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst service ever ! ! had a table with a few bottles and a lot of people with a waitress that we saw twice . never been to a club where the waitresses stand at the bar and talk the entire time . still had fun with my group but was pretty pissed that they autograt when they are so terrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was enjoying myself first half of the night ... but i do n't remember the rest because i got roofied . apparently this place is notorious for roofied drinks..keep an eye on them !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not necessarily the hottest spot in oldtown , but it 's alright . this place has a lot of competition with the older nightclubs , which i think patrons are used to attending . at the end of the day , there 's nothing really new or popping that catches my eye in here . no one really dances especially when the floor space is so open and wide . they should know people that want to dance are n't always so secure about their dancing . by shrinking the room and making the dance space tighter i think you 'll see a more happening place . only positive i see so far is no waiting outside and plus the drinks come flowing quickly . - enjoy !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here twice to see thomas gold & cosmic gate- thomas gold played an awesome set . the layout is a little akward with some of the bottle service tables in the middle of the main floor- not a big deal though . a little annoying that all the people who bought presales including me had to crowd around the front and try to get the bouncer 's attention who was busy regulating general admission . i 'd only come here just to see djs play- other than that you got wayyyy better options in dt scottsdale .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "welcome to your typical scottsdale dance club lounge . do they good some good djs to perform here ? yes . but once again , trying to make more money they push two tables on either side of the dance floor . thus creating a tiny dance floor and obstacles to moving around this place . and i mean we 're talking big tables . drinks are the same as everywhere else , price and quality . and the doormen are pricks to everyone unless you know them , in which case you get to cut the line . annoying when you 've already bought tickets to see a dj and are waiting to get in . claim to fame : ball rings that have leds inside that flash . otherwise nothing special about this place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have n't been out at arizona clubs much , but in comparison to other cities ( minus nyc ) , the ambiance is okay . the dj was pretty good that night , playing some good house mix , but the crowd was a huge miss . not only that , we noticed two ( definitely one ) girls who appeared to be workers , but dressed in regular club-goers outfits . it seemed like it was their job to dance with guys and keep the party going . interesting . $ 5 cover for guys on a saturday , free for girls . skip .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "recommended : this a small casual place on the popular danforth and a few steps from the pape subway station . it 's a small storefront restaurant and tiny open kitchen offering up inventive fare for breakfast , lunch and dinners . dinner is served wed-sun only ( i believe ) . this is also a good brunch location ( though expect a short wait ) . top quality offerings , friendly service , interesting menu combinations and easy access make this a good casual choice for visitors and locals alike .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we decided to try somewhere new today and this restaurant was a happy midpoint for all of us . make no mistake , the restaurant is small and very busy for weekend brunch . it took about 20 minutes to get a table for four at 11.30 and by the time we left around 1 the lineup was substantial so get there early or prepare to wait . the food selection was very intriguing and there were maybe three or four things that i was torn about ordering . i ended up with the southwestern eggs which were tasty but a little overpowering `` salsa '' wise . i would really say they were closer to a neapolitan albeit a spicy neapolitan . also the tortilla chips were out of a bag and that was a little disappointing . still i would go back and try some of the other items including the eggs bennie on a cheese scone and the poutine with an egg ( officially making it a legitimate breakfast food ) . service was friendly but a little overwhelmed it seems . still i would go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had read good things about this delightful eatery on the danforth at pape avenue and a few months ago had the chance to check it out with my mom and her husband . we were n't disappointed . three 's company is a small resto catering business . luckily , a table had just opened up minutes before we arrived so we were seated right away . the reason i was drawn to three 's company is because i had read they serve their poached eggs on a cheese scone . could n't resist giving it a try . it was so scrumptious . my step-dad tried the south western eggs - 2 eggs poached in salsa and garnished with avocado , cilantro , green olives and tortilla chips . it was a unique brunch meal . i believe my mom went for the quiche . three 's company is worth visiting again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i walked down the danforth for saturday morning brunch at three 's company . the waiter , will , was first to greet us . he was light-hearted , fun and engaging . the small community atmosphere is awesome . everyone seems to know each other . we enjoyed chatting with another family nearby . the food ! incredible . best omelette of my life - and i 've eaten many omelettes . the chefs are very good . i wanted to stay and keep eating . we ordered another latte to go - their latte machine is like magic . all smiles and laughs , we 'll be returning soon . it was a highlight of our weekend together .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's dream come true : poutine topped with pulled pork and a fried egg .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is ok but not mind blowing . the menu is large and the price is very affordable , but the food felt average to me . maybe i ordered the wrong thing considering the pancakes and waffles looked amazing , but i walked out not feeling like i had to go back anytime soon . if i have one recommendation , it 's to try one of the fancier , over the top , items on the menu ... they looked very good from afar and based on the other reviews i think they might be the key to making this place a 4 or 5 star .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst brunch ever . we were very excited to try this place but were very disappointed . i had the southwest eggs which are poached in salsa . sounds delicious but i did n't expect the vinegar salsa soup bowl that was presented to me . other than the occasional hit of cilantro you could not taste anything else . the eggs disappeared into the tomatoey vinegar sauce and the lime tostidos on the side did nothing to sop it up . i would have complained to the server but he was nowhere to be seen during the meal . i thought about giving a 2star rating because much of the food at neighbouring tables looked pretty good . but the feeling of acidic nausea i left with prevents me from doing so .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there 's usually a lineup when i walk by this place on sunday mornings , so that 's what drew us in for brunch . i had the three 's company big breakfast - a generous pile of food that was all delicious . everything was going well until my wife discovered a long strand of hair in her omelette . one look at the kitchen area and it was no surprise - no one was wearing a hair net . they may want to consider investing in some , as they 're not that expensive and they 'll help to prevent some embarrassing moments and poor reviews . the waitress apologized and offered to replace the meal , but my wife was too put off to have another bite . if not for the hair , i would have given a higher rating .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great breakfast place . i 've been here three saturday mornings and always great food and great service . nice fresh breakfast and definately not greasy like a sunset grill or tulip . all three times i 've been offered different specials not on the menu . located right at pape and danforth pretty well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a feel good kinda neighborhood restaurant . went there for sunday brunch with girlfriends . i ordered the eggs benny with spinach . eggs were placed on cheese scone- nice touch . mix of sweet potatoes and potatoes were roasted with herbs ... not your average mash .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . cute.quaint . friendly . a real neighborhood feel . the food is always satisfying and what you would expect to be traditional fare is given a twist of some sort . yum .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very , very friendly , good lattes , nice croissants and pastries . we stopped back im after a few days and the staff remembered us and asked how our trip has been . very charming atmosphere , kind folks , good teas and great vibe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favourite places to pop into for a bite to eat and a nice pot of tea . the food is great , they make delicious cakes and the staff are always warm and friendly . don edinburghphotowalks.com", "score": "5"}
{"review": "newly opened on waterloo place , pep and fodder , from the team that brought you the bon vivant , is a smart and stylish city centre cafe . the cous cous salad i sampled was beautifully seasoned , packed with flavour and a complete riot of palette pleasing joy . overall , we said : `` so i was very pleased with pep and fodder . it certainly merits a return visit , once they 've had a chance to bed-in a little more , and once they have their soup on the go . it has a nice array of cakes and pastries , too , so it may well be worthy of a visit from our cake questing friends soon , too . i 'd heartily recommend you pop in , next time you find yourself at the east end of princes street . ''", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great addition to the central cafe scene . i work nearby and despair of starbucks etc . p & f provides a nice relaxed space with great food and coffee , and friendly service . i feel strongly about the need to support such places but this is a place that i would come to anyway because its great . i thought the pastries were fresh . the paninis were interesting and packed with flavour . above all for me , the benchmark , great flat white .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "almost too regular to review . this is my local cafe of choice when at work . helpful that local workers get a cheeky wee discount . the basics are essentially right : decent coffee , wholesome food , friendly staff . wifi and accommodating if you want to hang . its beginning to suffer as against some of the more interesting cafes in edinburgh - it 's more functional than some offering nothing terribly distinctive . still if you 're in the area , check it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "popped in to avoid a freak snow storm and also get a warm drink . lovely chilled vibe with a simple but nice menu to give you the right foods to keep you going . ended up getting one of the best hot chocolates , so good i ended up getting a second straight away . ( visit - 02 01 2015 brunch )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a nice little coffee shop near the western corner of regent gardens . my sister and i stopped in and had coffee and ( i believe ) a sweet lemon bread , both of which were good . the staff were friendly and chatty . the d\u00e9cor was also pleasant , with bright colors and some neat art hanging on the walls .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stopped in for a vanilla latte & scone . the scone was served cold but did include butter & jam . the vanilla latte tasted more like sweet syrup than coffee .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is small and subtle in the bustling heart of edinburgh , but it 's definitely worth a visit . i popped in for a quick lunch one day , and had a delicious soup with a big chunk of bread . there is of course an excellent selection of sandwiches and cakes as well , and all with friendly , helpful staff . unfortunately , the small size means seating is limited , and we had to sit outside on a chilly afternoon . however , i 'm sure this is an excellent takeaway option if you live work nearby . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this coffee shop has a great set up , staff are welcoming however i was really disappointed with their coffee . very , very bitter .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great value sandwich & soup deal . good service in a nice atmosphere . good place to drop in for lunch - nice , cozy , & affordable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very sweet barista . made me the fruit salad with yogurt and honey , tasted very good . freshened it up a bit and gave me the remaining extra ! also got a coffee and it was so necessary after traveling all day i ordered a second .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really am a fan of this place . i especially like their visual depiction of the different types of coffee . a very friendly staff and some good pastries as well . nice location on the royal mile .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it would be easy to walk past this place but come inside and its bright counter and interior make you want to stay . it was busy during the lunch time rush but the queue and efficient staff moved things along quickly . i ordered a cheese and tomato toasted croissant which was delightful and toasted well enough for the cheese to melt ( a must for me ) ... .happy days ! it was deliciously buttery and the sweet and savoury kick went well with my flat white coffee . a great location and find in the city centre with a good selection of lunch time sandwiches and decent coffee served with a smile . definitely worth a stop after my gym session today but hopefully not undoing my workout completely ... i 'm into balance !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "small cozy clean cafe , free wifi , nice seating arrangement , and great staff ! a good place to pick up a nice quick lunch or snack , if your on the go or want to sit in and relax for a bit . nice unusual choice of sandwich fillings , but good combinations , the staff are kind enough to make changes if you want to swap out a filling or even try to make your sandwich . would definitely pop by again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has been on my ever expanding list and i 'm pleased to say i 've now ticked this baby off . it 's lunch time on a dreary afternoon in edinburgh and i 'm in need of something to eat . i 'm quite happy with the chicken pesto panini . it 's tasty , toasted and filling . they stock my fav ginger beer - bunderburg , so all happy here . on a plus they even serve up dear green coffee - fab flat white too ! shame no room for cake as they all looked pretty tasty !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went for a full highlight and cut for the first time here , i love it . constant communication with my stylist ( jess ) so i got exactly what i wanted . felt very welcome and loved the open layout of the salon . i had a ton of regrowth , really dark roots , and jess did such an amazing job blending it . i already made my follow-up appointment . you guys are great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . recommend any stylist . i went to several different ones and now will continue to go to mary . she is young , fun , and really nice . love the place , love her ! ! i am a demanding customer now when it comes to my hair because the style is exactly how i want it . i trust her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought a groupon for my daughter . she had a cut and highlights with stephanie . highlights were fine but the stylist 's attitude was not pleasant , as if she was annoyed or if we were not worthy of her precious time . i do n't know if she was having a bad day ( it happens to all of us ) but can not justify paying over $ 100 for highlights and put up with such poor customer service . truth to be told , receptionist was very nice and friendly . if we were to return , it would be with a different stylist .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food for the price ! i had the pot roast sandwich , it was very tasty ! wide variety on the menu something for everyone !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am not really sure what to say here . while the decor is very interesting with a very nice coca-cola theme ... the food is a complete disaster . honestly it was the worst food i have ever had in all of arizona . they put processed american cheese on a philly cheesesteak . they charged nine dollars for a petite hamburger that was overcooked and with low quality ingredients . you have a lot better choices in fountain hills . i would not recommend eating here at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't let the size if the menu scare you away ! i try to have something different every time and everything i 've had is really good ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was hesitant to come here at first thought it was going to be a cheap version of denny 's . however i was completely wrong . when i first walked in i noticed how welcoming the restaurant was . very cozy and family friendly . the staff was extremely friendly and made sure we were well taken care of . the bartender was our server ( tiny brunette , forgot her name ) but she was so sweet and did such an amazing job food was extraordinary . we ordered burgers wings and a milkshake . came out to perfection and very quickly . this will be me and my boyfriends favorite place . thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was overwhelmed by the variety offerred on the menu , and the food quality was excellent . i had the turkey ruben . i expected your standard lunchmeat turkey , but the meat on this sandwich was like freshly carved thanksgiving bird . they have a nice variety of beer . nice atmosphere full of coca-cola nostolgia . the service was excellent . i 'm m driving 25 miles to fountain hills today just to eat at phil 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "late lunch ... ... large variety on the menu . i had the filling station special ( grilled ham and cheese ) plenty of thin sliced ham with a very good dijon mustard sauce . my friend had the fountain hill club wrap which was enough for two people very good ! service was prompt and courteous", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went to phil 's based on reviews we read and are glad we did . i must say that i was skeptical - with so many items on the menu , it was difficult to believe that they could do them all well . they did our two items very well : the sonoran turkey sandwich and the stir fry chicken salad . if they can do two that are that much different well , i wo n't worry next time . and , there will be a next time as we already have plans to go back for breakfast . this is an amazingly charming `` diner '' place with friendly and efficient staff that is well worth the short drive for anyone visiting the scottsdale area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped here for lunch ... the place looks ok if you 're a hillbilly and dating your cousin but the food was not bad . i ordered their 1 2 pound burger , burger was cooked perfect but it came with this huge bun that was a little dry , i actually enjoyed the fries more than the burger . service was slow at first but they got better . overall ... probably not coming back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "possibly the biggest menu i 've ever seen . food is great and very reasonable . decent atmosphere and well worth the stop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "phil 's has such an extensive menu . went here for breakfast- had the apple cinnamon pancakes which were out of this world ! for dinner they have everything under the sun ! a must-try if in fountain hills and wanting a casual dining experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place had it all ! the owner phil walks around and greets you . the place is clean . the food is great ! i came because someone recommended it to me !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have everything . all american menu , plus breakfast and pasta and pizza and burgers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lots of potential for this to be a hip diner with amazing down-home greasy and delicious diner food . but ... does n't quite cut it . menu is huge - lots of options , i 'll give 'em that . however , the execution is lacking . i got a philly cheesesteak ( maybe that was my bad to order that in arizona ) , which is not that hard to mess up , but i pretty much got chunks of diced beef on bread with grilled vegetables thrown on top and then cheese that was semi-melted over it . nothing oozed together , at all . other dishes my friends got did n't look very appetizing either . sorry phil , got ta step up your filling station game .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we 've been here many times but wo n't be back after today . no acknowledgement upon entering , then finally seated by the apparent owner who treated us like garbage ... as pests who were inconveniencing him by being there . he was a total a-hole to us . our regular waitress is also very unpleasant and always screws up . plus she also always treats us like inconvenient pests . today was the last straw . coffee is total slop ... lukewarm brown water . cream is fake . food is mediocre at best and certainly not worth the bad service and being treated like crap . but it does have very cool coca-cola decor ! we 'll go to denny 's or flapjacks from now on ! happy new year phil .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great variety of food & very personable staff . love the location too . very nice place to visit if you 're in the area ! will be back to eat again . = )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "horrible , avoid ! the food is just a bunch of frozen junk ! it smells of grease . nothing fresh here . my son got food poisoning from a rancid hamburger . as a long time resident of fh , i have given this place way too many chances . i 'm done !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'd agree with the other reviews that their servers are great . the gal who waited on us was wonderful . however , i do n't know if it was the owner or gm , but the guy working the front ( run tan complexion with thinning black slicked-back hair ) was a jerk . he was so rude i thought it might have been part of a joke or something . i kept looking around to see if i was on a game show . nope . not sure who this guy was , but between him and the decor , we wo n't go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ate dinner at phil 's filling station this evening ... great service , delicious food , extensive menu , and very generous portions ! very satisfied ! : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i started going to phil 's when i moved to fountain hills in 2010 . at first i went because my name is also phil and i wanted to meet this guy and see what his restaurant was like . i was pleasantly surprised at the selection , the service , and , when i got my first meal there , the quality of the food and it 's preparation . i soon became a regular , and our church uses phil to cater some of our events . it 's also one of the preferred `` go to '' places for breakfast or lunch after church . yes , the coca cola theme is nice , the view is great , and phil is a wonderful guy . but the main reason you need to go to phil 's is the food ! ps . they have a loyalty program , and they are biker friendly . i moved back to chicago for two years , went back there yesterday , and it 's even better than before . they 've upgraded their appetizer menu and it 's awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice family owned business . i was there with a very large party and they gave us a private room . the people were friendly and the food was good . they have a full bar but the drink prices are a little expensive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a mediocre breakfast with pleasant service , nice atmosphere , and really lousy coffee . they tried to accommodate me with a second cup of fake expresso . meal was over priced but the food came out in a flash . to recap , cute diner , fast friendly service , lousy coffee , uninspired food . i wish someone would open a good restaurant in fountain hills !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they got a one star from me because not only did they mess up my order ... . but when they fixed it finally the other three people i was with were more than half done with their meal ! terrible service ! in my opinion ... stay away ... go somewhere where they appreciate clients", "score": "1"}
{"review": "husband and myself just shared monster lasagna ( takeout ) . it was fabulous ! just like homemade ! in general , everything we 've had here at phil 's was delish , including the reuben , burgers , omelets ... it 's like an old fashioned nyc diner - unpretentious with the same great homey food and service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had really poor , slow , unfriendly service and the food ( breakfast potatoes in particular ) was obviously from a freezer bag . tasteless , low-quality food . would not go back again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fast service . friendly . consistently good food . reasonable prices . what more could you ask of a diner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't get the rating . i am extremely picky as is my wife and we have never had a bad meal . always hot , fresh , large portions and friendly service . people rate restaurants on such stupid things like , waitress was rude , i did n't like the pictures on the wall etc. , lol . if you want great food , go there , burgers great , and personally the turkey reuben is my fave ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife & i eat here at least twice a month & absolutely love it , from the food quality to the variety on the menu , to the staff , it 's all good . we 've tried many different things on the menu and have never been disappointed . i do n't understand some of the negative reviews but i guess that 's what makes the world go round .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "totally awesome food and service . we had a hamburger and a fried chicken dinner . reviewer is not blowing sunshine . the chicken would make the colonel turn over . make sure your come here . ask for mililano , descendant of pancho villas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great local restaurant in fountain hills . the interior is a throwback of coke decor with some great classic music playing . the service was great and the food was great ! the menu is large but the hey a kitchen that can make anything ! ! ! the exterior is a stone 's throw from the lake and everything about fountain hills is pretty . so happy to support a local shop like this and we plan on continuing to visit phil 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best omelette in town ! had the veggie and it was perfect ! cute coca cola atmosphere too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "luv the atmosphere , great setting for breakfast or lunch , cozy , homey . had coffee , 2 eggs with a burger , toast , potatoes . coffee , eggs , toast unremarkable , potatoes ... why bother putting them on the plate ? , burger good , other than the atmosphere , i 'd search for a better breakfast elsewhere , but atmosphere may be worth it if average is ok for you . i should mention the person serving my table , was superb .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "did n't even get to eat.waited to be helped no one would seat us.after 5 min someone finally told us it would be 15 min before they could seat us then made us put our name on a waiting list after people who had just come in were put on the waiting list before us . not impressed with the service and just decided to leave .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "as a gay man i must say that the owner phil is the closest to a chippendale dancer i 've ever scene . he is beautiful and one heck of a chef . the cuisine is amazing all homemade and from scratch no greasy fast food . this place serves the best food in town and by fast friendly waitstaff try the italian omelette for bfast and the veal osobuca with lobster ravioli ( off the menu by request ) it 's out of this world for din din followed by the creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e for desert . enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is ok. never , ever order the potato skins . 10 bucks for ( 4 ) rather pathetic and meager examples of how to fail at creating a happy customer experience . voiced my perspective and the owner just shrugged . obviously he is a master of customer satisfaction .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "yvonne e. , just to inform you ( because it 's obvious you do n't have the facts ) the water is indeed very filtered . they have a coke free style machine and if you knew anything about the so called unfiltered water you mistakenly think you had ... you would know that to even have that machine they coca cola requires you to have intense filtration . they actually send in their own guys to put filters on not only the water lines to the machine but to the ice maker as well . they also have a crew that goes and checks everything on a regular basis . it 's a very elite and expensive machine to have and if their water filters do n't stand up to par for you then i feel sorry for you because you 're probably the type of individually who is never quite satisfied . next time ask them to get you a glass from they freestyle machine and one from the sink ... then we 'll talk .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phils ! usually go later in the evening 7-9 pm . sit in the bar area . never had a complaint with service ! exceptional service ! gf and i went tonight and she ordered a simple chicken sandwich . i on the other hand ordered the clam sauce dish w fettuccine . comes with a dinner salad and a good size piece of bread with the meal . the clams ! generous amount and not puny size ! was very impressed and thanked the chef personally . 36.00 at the end and well worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saved by the bar tender but barley on service and being polite at the door . i walked in and was rudely told not sit anywhere at the bar if i wanted a drink . i knew that but could have went about another way . i did not eat there but unfortunately if the food is good i could care less now .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you love coke memorabilia and decor this is a place to see . the food is good but over priced for the quality . basic breakfast for two will run you around $ 25.00", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the only reason i do n't give this place 5 stars is because the service can be really hit or miss . sometimes it 's great , sometimes you have to flag someone down to place a drink order . the food is your standard diner food , i recommend going for breakfast . prices are not too bad and you get a large portion . i normally end up needing a box . the decor makes this place fun . coca cola themed throughout . a great nostalgic place for parents or grandparents . they do a lot of fundraising for shelter and service dogs during christmas time too , which endears it to me even more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in the spirit of full disclosure hubby said he had a beer while waiting for his order , so that added to the $ 28 total .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "go here if you 're really , really hungry . i 'm not a fan of coke but i do have to say that i enjoyed the over-the-top display of everything-coke-related . hubby had a burger and said it was the best burger he ever had . daughter had the kids mac n ' cheese and loved it ( it looked suspiciously like kraft but she swears it tasted truly homemade ) . i had fish tacos which were just fine . fried , of course . the options for healthy eating are sort of slim here , so you have to know that going in . otherwise , perfectly good hearty food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "phil 's is a fountain hills staple . it is our go to place when friends and family come to town . to say the menu is extensive is an understatement . there is something for everyone at phil 's which is why it 's so great for big parties . phil is a great guy , the atmosphere is fun , and food and service are consistent . that is why we will keep going back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "enjoyed an excellent lunch with my hubby yesterday . excellent service and food . portions were so generous i ate the rest for lunch today .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is greasy and crappy , not to mention over priced ; owner is a dick who acts like he is paying you to be there . i 've seen him argue with countless customers . many better places to try in fountain hills then this dump .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "probably the best burger in fountain hills ! only complaint is the bench seats are brutal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ca n't beat this place . best breakfast in the area . parents were in town and we went there pretty much everyday for breakfast . foods is really good and the staff are the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "none filtered water ... processed food .. hello gmo toxic wast site .. try organic real food and stop the crap ur feeding ur customers . that 's right it 's cheap ... well u get what u pay for ? ! ? ! ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife and i eat at phil 's on many sundays as we drive our 68 corvette there for the cruise-in on that day . the breakfast is always great ! i would advise that you try the eggs and schnitzel ! i encourage all to join us from october - may on sunday mid-day to gaze at 100 + antique and collector cars and enjoy a bloody mary with brunch ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "phil has excellent cocktails and a full menu of eggs to pasta and fish . had the eggplant parm..very good . my partner had the pork chop special and calamari appetizer . both were excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i are long time regulars at phil 's . we 've lived in fh for 21 years and seen a lot of restaurants come and go . phil 's consistently has provided us great food and drink year after year . i am a big fan of the soups , they are extremely flavorful and made from scratch . the burgers are great and i ca n't find a better place for them in the entire east valley . if you 're a french fry fan , you 'll love the various types that phil 's offers . my favorites are the sandwiches , i often even order them for dinner . when asked where to go to eat in fh , phil 's is at the top of our list !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome ! great bloody mary 's ! biker friendly and a car show every sunday ! how does it get any better ? oh 12 big screens with football that i can see from my bar stool ! this will definitely be a regular stop on sunday morning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the menu states that they have been voted best breakfast , lunch and dinner nearly every year since approx 2001 for the fountain hills area this is why i went . are these folks flying in from third world countries because my palate experience was bar food . the coca cola products collection cluttered throughout the restaurant was more appealing than the food . if you are looking for a filler or something with large portions for 8-12 bucks go here for average food . the fact that they were voted best of any meal should be a slap in the face to other restaurants in the area who work hard to present quality cuisine to the residents of the fountain hills . they get 3 stars for being average what a let down .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice , homey place . we had great service and we 're very grateful for the special care that they showered our toddler with ! food was good and portions were generous , however a bit pricey . 4 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great decor , horrible service and bad food . ordered the bbq pork sandwich . dry and luke warm . hubby ordered the prime rib . it was tough and luke warm as well .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "many points for scope of their menu , which rivals a greek diner . more points for decent cooking properly done to oder . the staff are young and friendly , the memorabilia are fun with emphasis oncoke , certainly not gourmet dining , but the servings are good size and the ingredients are fresh . sadly , the bathroom situation is deplorable . one bathroom for such a large and busy place . worse , it is not kept as clean as it should be . worst , it is not designed hot handicapped or older users .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "expansive menu . great for adults , kids and picky eaters . salads , pizza , hamburgers , sandwiches ... .. and so on . 3 picky eaters that enjoyed the burgers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quirky is the best way to describe phil 's . they have an extensive menu i tried prime rib and my son had a french dip . the food was good diner food but not great . service was good . all in all the prices are not bad and the food is pretty good . i will definitely come again and try some different dishes . we had the mud pie for desert it was kinda freezer burned . one weird thing is the bathrooms are located outside . kinda strange . the dining room is a kitschy shrine to coca cola if your into that type of thing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first time here . we are big coke fans so we were excited . got the pot roast sandwich . meat was cut very thick so it was tough and dry . we ordered a side of gravy and it helped a lot . fries were very good and ne clam chowder was delicious and meaty . service ( sydney ) was great ! we would probably go back but the bathrooms are somewhere out the back of the restaurant ... literally out the back door . my wife headed that way and was uncomfortable with the people hanging around back there . the other dinners we saw delivered to other customers looked good !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i called here one day , asking for a to-go order . the guy that answered , grumbled something incoherent , and set the phone down . no one ever responded to me , so i hung up . judging from all the bad reviews , i do n't believe i missed out on anything . seems like this place must be a `` front '' for something .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "3 17 13 - definitely a diners , drive-ins and dives kind of place . all decorated for st. paddy 's day including waiters , waitresses and staff . waitress was friendly but disappeared for long periods of time . the special corned beef and cabbage was really good ( including kelly green potatoes ) . the roasted half chicken was terrible ( tasted like grocery store bought deli chicken frozen and reheated in microwave . . . yuk ) . the only saving part of the dish was the mashed potatoes and cider gravy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we decided to give this a try tonight . we 've been by it many times . perhaps 2 1 2 stars would be better than the 2 my wife and daughter had the fish fry and i the bbq burger . the food was average at best . we all felt it just lacked flavor . was not bad , but was not good either . portions seemed fine ( some other reviewers had commented on that ) . service was also average . did n't even come back to ask about a refill on the drink . there are so many really good places to eat that i do n't think we will be back . i was hopeful that it would be good as we live in fh but oh well", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent food and drink ! food is fresh and homemade each day and excellent for breakfast too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went here a few years ago and enjoyed it thoroughly . i was excited to go back , but was very disappointed this time around . the menu is huge , but nothing really special . our food was just okay , not great , not horrible .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the atmosphere is casual and friendly and the food is very good . we enjoy going to phil 's and recommend this place for sure . the service in the bar area can be spotty so like cori v 's review , they lost the fifth star . good sized portions and the food has always been served hot and delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wanted to like this place , truly . fountain hills needs some good , diverse dining options . i 've been on a quest to find such for 4 years . this place misses the mark . arrived during a slow period . service was slow . ordered a burger , after a long wait , got one that had an overwhelming taste of gas grill . it was overpowering . just awful . mentioned it to our waitress , not even a blink of her eye . 2 people , waste of $ 33 and at least an hour or more of time . disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "two stars because of the view . the food was n't amazing . i think this would be better identified as a drinking spot . in fact it probably is a bar turned breakfast in the morning . huge menu options , but we were on the hunt for breakfast so we did n't go far from the first page . i 'd go back to sip cocktails on the patio and watch the fountain , but not for eats .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we 've been coming to phil 's since 2000 and never had a complaint . the menu has a wide variety of items and all of the classics . the decor is charming and nostalgic and the music is oldies that brings us back in time . all our visitors are brought here and we have heard nothing but praise . the wait staff is friendly and fast and you can eat and converse without shouting above others or banging your chair on someone else 's . my favorite dinner is country fried steak , and my husband prefers one of their many burgers . it 's a soothing , relaxing way to enjoy comfort food . on nice evenings you can eat on tables outside and see the fountain . sometimes if there is a musical event you can hear it all from there . we 'll continue to be frequent customers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a great breakfast . the gobbler omelette and chicken fried steak were delicious . fast , friendly service & our drinks were always refilled promptly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was the very best.the food was so so . i had a steak which was cooked perfect . the wife had ribs and they were tough .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food & reasonably priced ! wish the service was a tad bit faster ... but i guess as busy as they can be , another 5 minutes wo n't kill me ! i still need to explore and try many other dishes on the menu but so far those that i have experienced are very good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent brunch & service ! great place for lunch and catching up w old friends . glad that phils is still a staple in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst company to deal with . canceled on us multiple times without a call . garage door opener had to be adjusted several times . would give them 0 starts , but there is not an option for that .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "someone attempted to break in through the garage door and through the garage door off track . gabriel came out and got the door fixed and changed the code on the remote . gabriel was on time and had it fixed in no time ... .will use them again when needed and i highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overpriced replaced a sprocket and adjusted the spring for $ 375.00 and said i got a $ 84 discount ... i later learned i 'd been duped ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they were great ! nick was fabulous he repaired it fast and it was great customer service ! they offered to come out same day and i called at 4:30pm . i 'd highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "other than needing repair on my garage the entire experience was great . when i called for service the operator made sure it was not an emergency repair . the scheduling of the appointment was quick and efficient , eric was prompt and on time . he was enjoyable to talk to . he was also very good at his job , he had the new opener up and running within 30 minutes of arriving at my house .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prompt , professional service with great prices . erich was very personable and honest . i highly recommend and will use their services again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they came right out which was nice . i needed an extra garage door opener as my daughter started driving her own car . service guy was professional and prompt .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live in carefree and had a garage door issue that required immediate action . i called two other companies : the first came quickly , but proposed three options that were way expensive . the second company did n't show up on time , and after 3.5 hours of waiting i called to cancel . they never even asked why or if they could do anything for me . i googled services for the cave creek area and found this one . boy , am i glad i did ! they turned up an hour later and installed a new opener at a reasonable cost . jason was professional and cheerful and efficient . i would highly recommend this company to anyone needing service . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was a sunday and our garage door coil broke . we called at 12:30 and jason arrived shortly after . he went over what needed to be replaced and quickly repaired the garage door . jason was very professional and explained the cost and what needed to be replaced and the warranty on the replacement part . i highly recommend them and for my garage needs in future , will use them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my garage door spring snapped . these guys were able to arrive in a few hours and had the parts to fix it on the spot . erich my tech was great and fast . i wish the dispatch was a little more specific in time frame , but i understand that arrival time can be difficult to estimate without an appointment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm sorry to say i agree with heather s. totally . i made an appointment for thursday may 25th . which was canceled by them . they promised me they would make it the next day between 10 to 1 . i had a bad feeling around 11:30 that they would n't show , so i called them i and was given many usual reasons why they could n't make it out today and was asked if they could re-secedule for monday . my door is on the brink of being completely broken . i called another company to come look at it now . this company wasted away 2 complete days where it could have been looked at . i 'm very proud to say i would not recommend this company to my worst neighbor at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "shawn made a good job . he arrived on time and explained everything needed . it took about an hour to replace torque spring bar and related parts .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we called after recieve ing a flier in the mail . jay came out and provided us excellent service . he was friendly , honest , and very knowledgeable . our garage door works better than it has in years ! we are very happy with them ! i recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just recently called neighborhood garage door service and was very pleased with their service . erich came out and fixed my mother 's garage door in a very short time . he was nice to her and explained everything in detail of what was happening . prompt service , even called to let us know he was on his way . thanks erich and the girls in the office ! we will definitely refer you to our family and friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred to neighborhood garage by a friend who had a great experience with them . i called after 5 on a friday night and they were here by 9am on a sat morning . erich came to fix our garage door . he was very polite and honest . he told us what needed to be fixed and what could wait . i appreciated his honesty . i would definitely recommend this company to others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service right from the beginning scheduling an appointment with david having the door repaired with adrian i highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service . tech was at my house within a couple hours of my call . got everything fixed up , door is working perfectly now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick service . called at 930am ... . finished but 130pm . joe is a nice guy . definitely . needs a raise ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow dunno where to start i guess from the time the `` tech '' came out and quoted $ 700 to fix a tension spring ... . then of course as any logical thinking person would , i said no ... that 's expensive ... so back and forth a little with his horrible attitude the manger calls to say $ 300 with no guarantee . unfortunately the hassle and rapid drop in price red flagged their integrity specially if they do n't think they are good enough to guarantee their work ... so i paid their trip and inspection charge and sent them away to find out later the tech screwed up my garage door more and left it open and would only put it back the way he found it if we paid him to repair the whole thing ! ! ! luckily their extremely friendly competition down the road quoted me for $ 350 with a lifetime guarantee , came right out and we 're extremely nice and honest ! ! ! well worth the time spent finding someone else !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just bought a house and moved in 4 days ago . i had issues with the garage door and long story short the wheels came off the track and the spring broke in half . i called the number that was on the wall of my garage and they came within 2 hours . i ca n't remember the guy 's name , i think it was john . he explained to me what happened and gave me an estimate of 600 bucks . i had done my research online before he came and that 's what i was expecting . he got there exactly at 12 and left at 1:47 . so far everything is working fine and i hope i do n't have any issues again . overall the job was done is a fast manner , i 'm not too happy about the price but hey i needed my door fixed and they came right away . the guy did a good job and he was very nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very thankful for this companies courtesy and professionalism . joseph was fast , friendly , and did a great job explaining the needs of the garage and also how to care for it . they were able to get out same day and get everything fixed . i would definitely recommend this company to others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called at 7am and got a technician out by 945am . nick called me before leaving to verify address . he explained to me what product i had and what usually happens to them over time . very knowledgeable and informative . took him less then 30min to complete changing the sprockets and gears .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast service friendly customer care . john , the tech who installed our new garage opener , was neat clean and professional . he completed the job timely and efficiently . the pricing is competitive with no hidden cost ! ! ! would recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick and easy . great recommendation by the garage installer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "professional , courteous and thorough . definitely recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "matt showed up promptly after i placed the call , explained thoroughly my options and the proceeded with installing a new garage door opener . matt was friendly and clear about what would take place . the overall experience was good and i 'm pleased with the end result .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had an emergency garage door problem and garage door services was able to handle the issue withing several hours of my call . perry the service man was knowledgeable and friendly got the job done in about an hour . this was over memorial day weekend and they did not up charge me for the service call because of the holiday . would definetly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , fast and reasonable . thank you nick , i appreciate the job you did for me . very fast and knowledgeable . i will highly recommend you and your company should the need arise in the future . thanks to the staff in the office too , very friendly and responsive . kudos to each of you . sharon gordon", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these folks are professional , courteous and seem to genuinely care about your pets . i 'm so glad they 're nearby and our pup always leaves happy . we 've boarded our dog here several times and she comes back bathed and refreshed - i love that they seem to really give the animals attention and they 'll feed your food to your pups if you have a picky eater . front desk staff is not snobby , they do n't act like you 're bothering them ( as many local ballantyne places do ) and it 's a pleasure to do business with piper glen animal hospital . thanks for all you do ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this vet is rather close to my house and was recommended to me by a friend . their facilities are very clean and it is very pet friendly . i had to take my cat in on a saturday because i suspected she was diabetic . i called and they told me to come immediately and they 'd of course see her . dr. elizabeth brown was awesome . she confirmed that my cat is diabetic and gave me lessons in how to give her shots . she wrote down all the instructions for me and let me practice in front of her . she insisted that i call any time if i had any questions . pgah also has boarding facilities . a bit spendy but well worth the price !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been taking our dog , hattie here for over a year now and we have not had a single bad experience or thing to say about them . she has a ton of skin issues which brings us to them quite frequently to stop the itching and scratching and to try to figure out what could be causing it . they always get you right in for appointments , give great advice and always follow up with the appointment a few days later checking in on the dog . i have found them to be very reasonably priced as well . we are very happy with the care we have received at piper glen ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have a 14yo `` puppy '' who has been suffering from arthritis . dr. morefield provided us with recommendations that turned him around in just a few days . i ca n't provide enough compliments for the care that we have received over the past few years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's quite a drive from our house , but worth every minute ! we lived in the ballentyne area for a couple years and found piper glen animal hospital . we just moved to the south end and still go for checkups and grooming . dr. moorefield field is amazing ! i could n't speak more highly of anyone , and our dog , maxwell , has seen several dvm 's in his fifteen-year life . when there was a cancer scare -- and , he is a 15 year old beardie -- she gave us her honest recommendation and even cried ! fortunately it was nothing , but she was amazing during a stressful time for us . definitely consider piper glen animal hospital for all of your pets personal needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far i 've only used their grooming service for my poodle , but i am very pleased . the front desk staff is excellent at their job and are friendly and kind .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr wood & tonya grandy were awesome ! ! i would highly recommend this clean & friendly facility for any of your fur babies ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "truly the most kind hearted team i have ever encountered . they go out of their way for the animals and truly work with compassion and love . i am indebted to them for their generosity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i want to give kudos to piper glen animal hospital . we have been taking our dog jack there since we moved here two years ago . they have always treated us well but i wanted to write this after my recent experience . our dog developed a hot spot on his skin . we noticed it one night and the following day , both my wife and i were going to work from home but we had conference calls back to back for most of the day . i called the vet early and they had me take a picture of the area , email it to them , and then told me what was needed to treat . we brought him in later that day and they took care of it in short order at a very reasonable cost . thank you for the flexibility and great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my cat has been going to piper glen animal hospital since i got her as a kitten , 12 years ago . all of the staff , front office , technicians and doctors are always kind , gentle and loving . their a little on the expensive side but no so much that i would take my baby anywhere else . they keep walk options open for emergencies and are always thorough with the exams and treatment plans . my cat , ella is n't much for drives especially to the vet , but even she starts purring when she gets the loving attention .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this review is all about colette . she is slowly but surely transforming my hair style . be sure to ask for her and then , stick with her while she works her magic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a salon is only as good as the stylists they hire , and i have been going to jessica for about 6 months now . she is great at listening to what i want and delivering . once , she colored my hair and it was n't quite what i was going for ( it looked fine , just not what i wanted ) and jessica kept at it until i left happy . i have always had great service here and am so glad i found her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst place ever ! ! ! dropped my daughter off to get a trim she came out with choppy short layers and tears . that would have been bad enough but , the receptionist was rude and would n't let her sit inside while she waited for me to pick her up because the chairs are for `` people waiting to get a haircut '' . i can not believe the way she was treated . go anywhere but here ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bubble teas and sweet sweet carbs ... the west valley does n't have a lot of good options for people who like nonstandard asian fare . growing up in taiwan for a while , my bubble tea intake has been limited to trips to chandler . no more ! and my little girl loves the donut holes with her taro boba slush once a week . i may be giving her diabetes , but she 's a happy kid . the staff is very nice and works to accommodate . my hope is that they will do well despite the lack of street advertising . we customers will need to put the word out so they stay in town . the avondale sports center area would be even better as a location ! imagine : a butter burger from culver 's + express donut bubble tea . mmmmmm ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally ! boba in the west valley ! they have a large variety of smoothies and drinks as well as some delicious donuts ! i of course tried the taro with boba and not only is it a beautiful shade of my favorite color , purple ... it was absolutely delicious ! my lemon filled donut was also really good . the young lady working the counter was very friendly and helpful . i really hope this place makes it ! locally owned and that is what i support ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is no other place on this side of town that comes close ... seriously name another independent donut shop ! great service , better donuts ... get the eclaire ! good coffee too ... discovered it two weeks ago and probably been there around six times ... ca n't beat it , and its also a small business in which you can talk to the owners , and get to know the whole family ... so go support them its a win win except for your waist line !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes , finally a good donut shop ! i got a dozen donuts for $ 6 the other day . i think they are having some sort of special . anyway , their donuts are so good . i had a maple bar that was still warm , fresh from the oven . and the girl who helped me was super nice and friendly , which is always appreciated .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "other reviewers already said all the good stuff , so all i can do is leave my 5-star rating . highlights : - amazing customer service ! - we went for the boba & were not disappointed . ( best boba we 've had and we 've tried it in los angeles , las vegas , san antonio , washington d.c & in france & germany ! ) the server experimented with a mixture of milk tea flavors for us & had us try a sample before making the final drink . additionally , we like the boba drink with less ice & more watery - the server asked us a few questions about it to ensure she made it just right . the boba itself was perfectly textured & with just the right amount of sugar honey . - donuts were great as well ! will absolutely be going back often !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "genuinely friendly and patient as i make my sections . the doughnuts are amazing , so much better than any grocery stores . supporting our local businesses is just another plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here the other day and got the taro-coconut boba . the actual boba was good . it was soft and chewy , which is how i like my boba . the taro-coconut was blended and was grainy since they use the powder milk tea flavoring . the girl working the counter was very sweet and helpful . overall , i enjoyed it and will try to visit again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best donuts in goodyear ! they have a sister location in buckeye . best donuts on the west side .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i saw all the reviews for this place and i thought i should try it myself . we had the ham and cheese croissant with jalapeno and they warmed it up for us . the very first bite was so good until you get to the ham and cheese with jalapeno and you 're like in heaven . it is really good so i came back one morning and got 10 more ! ! ! the boba are all good , i 've tried the taro boba ( the best ) , mango , passion fruit , avocado and honey melon and it was all very good , not too sweet , it 's almost perfect . my sister loves her with extra boba for additional .50 cents which isnt bad at all . the donuts were all to die for , i had the plain donut and it was almost like it was deep fried and the rest was delicious . i highly recommend this place to anyone living close to west valley and if you 're not , it is worth the trip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love that they make boba drinks here ! and that they are actually authentic milk teas . the boba is soft and really fresh too . i have n't tried the donuts , so i do n't know if they are actually good or not ... but they look good in the case and the prices ( .79 for a regular donut ) are good too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a perfect example of why people should gravitate more towards locally owned businesses as opposed to corporate owned chains . the donuts are top notch and reasonably priced . they make the donuts fresh , which beats your quick gas station donut on the run . i got a dozen donuts and my two favorites were the strawberry glazed cake donut and maple long john . the cake donuts are incredibly moist and the regular donuts are very light and fluffy with the perfect amount of frosting . this place also offers smoothies and teas with or without boba and espresso !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing donuts and coffee . so fresh ! when i ordered a vanilla-hazelnut iced late , they asked if i like a more coffee taste . more coffee flavor of course , but the fact they took the time to ask the question is a sure sign i 'll be a regular here . the donut was a crueler and it was ridiculously fresh and soft . crazy delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all i can say is yum ! not only is the staff super friendly the donuts are delicious ! they are crispy on the outside and soft on the inside and the icing ? awesome ! i will definitely be back but next time i am only getting the exact amount we need so i do n't keep eating the leftovers lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far the best around quality is amazing . it does get a little busy at times but handles crowd well", "score": "5"}
{"review": "boba and donuts..great combo . the donuts are awesome . moist and delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought assorted donuts and boba beverages at the end of the day , an hour before closing . assuming the donuts were already a few hours old , they were still perfect . soft and airy . the glaze was n't overwhelmingly sweet and excessive . i would say they are on par with some of the established donut makers . the drinks with boba were an additional treat . like their donuts , they do n't drown you with excessive sugar or flavoring . i would recommend it to anyone that lives in the west valley . i am withholding a star because their store needs a little aesthetic work . so come on and support this local donut shop !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fabulous donuts ! fresh and tasty . great selection if you come early . nice coffee drinks as well . service is very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's kinda hard to find it at first , but when my wife and i did we declared that we would come here for a donut and boba fix for life ! lol ! . service is great , boba is amazing , donuts are to die for . they make everything fresh and ready to serve . oh ! before i forget their thai tea was tasty too ! also kinda random , but if you need buckets they sell them for 2 bucks a pop along with the lid .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the donuts they serve here . having said that ... i 'm not happy with their prices and this might be unfair , but honestly , it 's a simple donut . i ca n't believe i paid almost a dollar for an average sized donut . it 's a great tasting donut , but come on ! i would have been just as happy with 2 donuts from basha 's or fry 's for that price . i tried a boba smoothie . strawberry mango : the boba was great , not one overcooker hard boba ball , but the smoothie was more mango than i expected . mango overpowered the strawberry , it was n't even a fair fight ... mango smoked strawberry hands down . next time , i 'll order a single flavor smoothie , instead of trying to get fancy-smanschie combo flavors .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "neon sign displaying boba caught my eye when i pulled up . i ordered three donuts which were nice and fresh . they have the usual variety of boba flavors but decided to try the strawberry mango and i hate strawberry flavor . the cold drink is nice for a summer day and blended smoothly . highly recommend if you never heard of boba and have an open mind . go support the local business and and enjoy a great donut .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best donuts astound . freshly baked every day ! very nice family runs the place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though it 's about 20 minutes away , this has become our go-to donut place ! their maple donuts as well as orange glazed donuts are sooo good . i usually only go for the raised donuts but these cake ones are something else , i 'm not sure what they put in them but they are addicting ! love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i looked this place up on yelp yesterday because i wanted to try boba tea . the young woman working at the counter was really helpful : she explained all the types of teas and smoothies they sell and made me a chai boba tea and it was amazing ! i also grabbed a dozen donuts , and the family loved them . great little place , i will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best doughnuts hands down ! , all the doughnuts i 've tried were so good and fresh . my go to doughnut shop from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fresh donuts , great tasting donuts , fresh coffee , and i love the taro root boba ! i only give it 4 stars because they close early ! ! ! but then again they open super early so it 's great for the early birds . stay open past 6p please ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been quite curious about this place since it is the only donut place close to us here in goodyear . we were not disappointed ! the donuts are fantastic ! they also sell boba which was so so good . blended to the right consistency . i ca n't wait to become a regular here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best donuts hands down , and the customer service ( family-owned ) is terrific , love the bavarian creme and the thai tea boba on ice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for the first time tonight and got a honeydew smoothie with boba and a original glazed donut , not so bad ! not the best honeydew smoothie i 've had but the boba was perfect ! not over cooked or too gooey like some other places . there was n't anything special about the donut . this is probably the only place that sells boba smoothies in the west valley since lollicup closed , smh -.-", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had read and re-read some of the reviews and convinced a friend to come with me to grab a couple donuts . we stopped by on a thursday ( 12 8 ) , just a little after lunch time . there was nobody inside , but the smell of donuts permeated the air . the owner told us they had just finished making a number of donuts less than an hour ago . so , they were fresh ! and they were all $ .98 . i got a regular glazed and a bavarian cream filled chocolate glazed doughnut . my friend also got the bavarian cream filled and a twisted regular glazed piece of goodness ! they smelled so darn good that i could not wait to sink my teeth into them . as soon as i got in the car , i tore a piece of that glazed one and stuffed myself with it . it was absolutely fantastic ! ! it was a soft , fresh , and sugary delight ! ! i will be going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best donuts in town . period ! the glazed chocolate cake donuts are by far my favorite but every donut i 've had from there has been fantastic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love having a family run donut place on our side of town ! the owners are really friendly and the donuts are always good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the donuts are always fresh and the service is friendly . i prefer to support local , small businesses . in this case , not only is the product better than you can get at the chain stores , the prices are better . the ham , cheese , and jalapeno croissants are awesome , if you 're looking for something more substantial ( and less sweet ) than a donut .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here and i was not disappointed ! i had the ham and cheese jalape\u00f1o croissant and got a half dozen donuts to go . the croissant was very good ! donuts are very tasty too . there are a few tables to seat at but most people just come and go . the staff is very friendly and the shop is really clean . the prices are very reasonable for the quality of food ! i 'll definitely be back = ) this may become my new sunday morning habit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ask for the chocolate eclair with cream . and the ham jalape\u00f1o and cheese croissant is yum , if they have any left ; ) treat yo'self !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped by here to pick up a couple dozen donuts for a customer of mine and little did i know these are `` the best donuts '' . major points for me ! the service was great and the donuts were even better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great donuts ! love the coconut donut . prices are very reasonable . try their boba drink the purple boba drink is a good one . will be back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "express doughnuts has delicious doughnuts for a reasonable price ! i have always gotten excellent customer service & they are efficient when the line is long . i have a large chain doughnut place by my house , but i 'd rather drive further to express !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 stars . good selection . friendly staff . just like all the donut places back home . when you do n't want to visit krispy kreme of dunkin , head over to express !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best donut on planet earth ! ! ! ! i 'm a donut junkie ... fresh made only ! these are the best in arizona ! ! ! light , fluffy , perfect amount of glaze , the cake donuts are n't laden with grease just beautifully done and with coffee or milk it 's a slice of heaven .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best donuts in town ! ! ! great service and i 'm not kidding best donuts in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some of the best donuts i 've ever had . and the service is even better . they are great people making great donuts . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "family-owned small business . this place has the best regular glazed donut i 've ever had . when family comes in to town , taking them to express donuts is usually on the agenda somewhere during their time in az .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best donuts in the valley hands down ! they do n't compare to dunkins . i always come here when i 'm in the area and there always fresh . keep the donuts coming express", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've started going here almost every sunday morning to bring donuts home for the family . the prices are reasonable , the donuts have always been fresh and i 've never been disappointed with the selection . if there 's a better place to get donuts in the west valley , i 'm not aware of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great donuts ... mouthwatering . judging from the outside i would have never guessed donuts could be this delicious . seriously homer simpson would be salivating !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing place ! ! ! ! i love how they have a variety of smoothies and milk teas . great customer service , very clean ! ! ! ! my favorite is the coconut milk tea with jelly and boba ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh my god i have to update my review last time i went they did n't have donuts they ran out at 11 am but i went back ..these are the best tasting donuts i have ever tasted.. the doh they used to make the donuts is good that 's the key to making a good donut is good oil , it made the donuts taste very good i had the hazelnut coffee and that was delicious", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice lady behind the counter . ham and swiss croissant rolls were pretty good . my daughter really liked her donut , but on the whole it was just too pricey to justify going back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the best donuts ! fresh and great price ! ! we are there every sunday morning with the line out the door ! love supporting the local small businesses", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very , very good donuts . if you 're on a diet have just one ... and when you start to feel guilty about it have another to remind yourself why it was all worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have amazing donuts , the chocolate old fashion donut is really good . i recommend it . also the staff here are friendly . always make you feel valued as customer . i would recommend going here and supporting a local business as well . they are worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "moist , fresh yummy donuts . iced white chocolate mocha better than dutch bros coffee . will never go anywhere else for donuts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place 's awesome . yummy , sweet , delicious donuts . much better than what you get at any grocery store . prices are fair and their staff 's very friendly . stop by today and grab a dozen donuts for your coworkers . trust me , you 'll make everyone 's day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great taste , and one of the best id say around here ! everyone needs to try this ! its a big bonus that the west side has something like this . definitely recommend this to people to try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a peach black tea and honestly its was gross . it had a nice peach taste but for some reason the aftertaste was awful . like it had horseradish or something in it idk . my friend had a mango smoothie and it was n't terrible but there was a major overload of sweetened condensed milk.and just tasted funny , but the bobas texture was perfect and the donuts are great . especially the bavarian cream donut ; very light , airy , and slight chewiness . definitely better than the donuts at safeway or bashas .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "read the reviews . drove out of my way and stopped by during normal business hours . they were closed . no note on the door or anything . a lot of other people walked up too . i give 2 stars for hopefulness that i 'll eventually be able to stop by and they 'll actually be open and i can write a better review .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "crazy good . we go there all the time . the people who run it are super nice and it 's a family business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "express donuts is the place for west valley residents . their buttermilk bar is always fresh and always delicious . i 've never had poor service , and i always recommend this place to anyone wanting a guaranteed delicious donut . their blueberry donut is also pretty freakin ' bomb . i 'm not much for deviating from the classic buttermilk , but i have n't been disappointed every time i try something new . express donuts know their customers and know their donuts ! someone once told me rainbow donuts were the best in town ... shame on you for feeding me those lies !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the donuts are really good , 79 cents for a donut and a 1.29 for the bigger one . nice soft , and good size . right near my work . i will admit there is another bakery that i do love that ha s donuts and other breads there service is better ... but the lady who served me today was nice at the end . i will come back especially since this one is closer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these are hands-down the best donuts in town . they are always fresh and soft ! never had the drinks so i ca n't speak to that , but this is a family favorite for when we are looking for a special treat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love express donuts ! ! ! they have been our family favorite for years now . we know to go early to get what we want because they close once they are sold out . i know this could be a frustrating policy for some , but it is to be respected . i would love to one day go in and buy them out early , so they can enjoy a day off and we can bless.our community helpers with these savory treats . if you have not been there , it is a must ! ! ! stop in early and you wo n't be disappointed ! ! ! i cheer when we go by and they have already closed for the day , because we understand it is a sign that this community is choosing local business over national chains .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome donuts ! definitely way better than the chain store donuts . very light and airy and not overly sweet or heavy . prices are great too ! love this gem !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great doughnuts . not greasy at all . good strong hot coffee . friendly and prompt service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't usually eat donuts . however , i will make an exception for express donuts ! these are light and fluffy with a bit of crunch . so good ! i recently left arizona so i guess i 'll go back to my donutless existence but you can and should enjoy the best donuts on the planet at express donuts -- jealous already ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the jalapeno , ham & cheese croissant and it was very good . donuts were good too and workers are very nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dropped by this place for a quick donut and coffee . cheap , delicious and efficient . staff was very nice . place was clean . i liked the blueberry filled donut .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best donuts and friendliest staff in the west valley . always fresh , delicious , wonderful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good place for boba on a hot day ... the drinks are a little to sweet for me but they where good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i returned our rental car 1 day late and was charged for 2 extra days . i indicated this to the rental agent and his response was unprofessional and befuddled . his inability to handle this correction caused me to send multiple emails to costco through which i rented the car . i will never rent from this location again . no apologies from anyone for wasting my time in having to correct this glaring error .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this location has fast and efficient service as well as a good selection of vehicles . they have limited hours on saturday and sunday , but it is much more convenient than the airport location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in my opinion when you have a program to pick a specific car and confirm it , you should be able to get that car . we received a phone call one hour before pick up that the car requested would be unavailable for our wedding day . they gave us a different car , which worked out , but then why have the program . i will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no chicken little here pub crawl sandwich : house made signature corned beef on custom cut rye- served with griddle carmelized onions , melted swiss cheese and spicy mustard ... lean shredded moist corned beef , extra thick rye toasted bread for mouth watering big appetite meal . extra crispy french fries extrordinaire . andy 's sage fried chicken salad : mixed greens in sweet mango vinaigrette with green apple , azure carmelized pecans , crumbled blue cheese and tomato all crowned with a signature sage fried half chicken breast ... waiting in a take out box for a post nba game meal intentionally avoided the lunch rush by waiting till after 2:30 pm . virtually had the entire place to ourselves . lots of tempting menu choices and our server was politely patient with us . obviously we did n't experience any extended wait for a table nor witnessed a lack of table service . two things we would do differently . one , not order so much and two , extra spicy mustard for a near perfectly executed pub crawl .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after seeing hash house a go go on a food network show , my hubby wanted to go for the famous chicken and waffles for sunday brunch . we arrived around 10:40 and were immediately seated ina large booth in the corner . our friendly server came over right away and took drinks orders while explaining a few particularly popular many items . items chosen ; chicken waffles ( he loved it ) , apple-cinnamon pancake ( yummy and seriously the size of a medium pizza ! ) , kids hamburger ( huge , said to be a little oily tasting ) , and egg white scramble with avocado and sweet potato fries ( good ) . while the portions are easily large enough for 2 people to share , one will not be disappointed if comfort foods is your hankering .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great if you 're in the mood to gorge yourself to the point of illness . the food is good and creative but i recommend going to the location in the linq . service with be better and portions will be bigger for the same price . however , you may have to wait a bit longer for a table . my personal favorite item is the indiana favorite , sausage gravy , buttermilk biscuits , 2 eggs and mashed potatoes , all piled high into a massive tower of gluttony . just what i want for breakfast when i 'm feeling like a fatty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was very excited to try this place was very disappointed . walked in and was told there would be a 10 minute wait being we did n't want to sit in the bar area ... .okay no problem but then we finally got seated and it was at the bar area ( which we asked not to be seated there ) we sat there for about 15-20 minutes before someone came over to our table . the waiter did n't know the specials and the menu was very small nothing like the other locations and the waiter said the reason was because the kitchen could n't get it right so they are going to offer that for now . so we sat and waited after a while we decided just to leave . very disappointing never got our drinks and did n't get to order food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hash house is overrated . you look for quantity over quality this is it . i had salmon benny my bf had the mushroom burger . both had good aspects but overall was n't great . the waiters were nice . they tried . would n't come back though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm amazed ! ! ! my waitress is a good person , but my order was wrong . i ask for a beacon waffle instead regular waffles . i also ask for a rye toast . never came out . the manger kelley came out and she is awesome . she took it off my bill and said sorry . i 'm very happy for the turn out on this issue i had . that 's customer service ! ! ! thank you , jayson wells", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a disaster . the first experience i had was at the linq hotel and it was fantastic . the meat loaf was outstanding and was looking forward to that again , so when this location opened a few weeks ago by our house i was excited to bring out of town friends here . yea , not so much . first off all they fail to tell anyone that it 's a limited menu . and that would have been fine but they failed to execute anything right . food was cold , well , warmish at best . the wait staff was totally inattentive . seemed like they were doing us a favor by working there . needless to say , i will not be going back there again . substandard food , crappy service unless cooperate gets involved , i predict this location will be closed within a year . and that may be optimistic . too bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my friends and i came here and what a poor choice ! first the menu is varied and a bit confusing so my friends needed more time we ordered water with lemons since there was three of us we asked that the lemons be in a separate dish we were told that was an extra charge . our meal came with a sauce but there was very little sauce so we asked for more sauce . again we were told `` that would be extra '' why is it our fault the pork was fried and dried out ? i asked for the manager lelani although polite she explained that there was a miscommunication . bottom line she did not put the extra charge for the sauce . the portions may be hugh but the quality just was not there . the overall service needs improvement and management lacks customer service skills .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "staying across from the mgm but decided to go to the one in henderson about 20 minutes away because the closer one is supposedly always packed and has lines . i 'm glad we did . we waited less than one minute to be seated , ordered drinks and our food . drinks were less than 5 mins and food less than 15 minutes . it was really nice and the food was delicious ! my girlfriend had the chicken & waffles and i had the fried salmon . both were good . waitress was nice and quick too . overall great experience , not sure where all the three stars come from .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a hundred dollar bill burning a hole in your pocket and you want to spend it on lunch ? this is the place ! expensive imo and the food servings , to me , were almost offensive and ridiculous . i got the blt which makes for great fb photos but it 's a sandwich that you can not eat without taking it apart and actually making a manageable sandwich . by the time i was able to do this my hands were a sticky mess . anyways yeah good quality food but too much and really not even funny .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is way overrated ! the food is absolutely horrible ! the prices are outrageous ! it 's hash house a no no for me !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i heard so much about this place from friends so i decided to try it . great interiors , vibe , but you come for the food . i ordered the eggs with hash and was surprised that the hash consisted of seasoned cut potatoes . i expected something different from what they would have served at denny 's . portions are generous and staff was great . i 've had better hash and this was supposed to be a hash house . neh .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst experience i ever had at a restaurant and i am not a picky eater . i only ate the sweet potato fries . i ordered the portobello mushroom burger and it was awful . for the first time in my life i had an item be taken back . my mother ordered one of their hash skillets and it had no flavor and the potatoes were soggy . my brother ordered the egg scramble with salmon and they totally screwed up his order as there was no salmon in sight . they took his back and remade his but by that time everyone was ready to go . our server had eggs all over her shirt and when the manager came by to ask how everything was he was dressed so casual i thought he was another customer . the only reason this gets 2 stars instead of one is because they took my meal off the bill .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "while the popular chicken & waffles dish is a favorite for the family i had never tried it . well i know why it 's a favorite now . huge plate . i shared it and still had a bit leftover . chicken was crispy & tender . the waffles has bacon inside . really tasty ! the bacon was crisp too . limp bacon will turn me off immediately . they keep an eye for that sweet spot when the bacon is just perfect . great bloody mary ! the lemon chicken i heard was good . he was n't giving out tastes , guess it was that good ! the service was great and it was busy . staff was kind , respectful and patient with our messes and indecisiveness ! so much to choose from ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all i can say is omg ! ! traveling in vegas we stumbled on this place in henderson . i 've been to the hash house on the strip but did n't know they had a second location . amazing good food and beverages . i do n't usually order breakfast but this was a real treat . it was hard to decide what to order because they have so many options . warning ... the portions are huge i will definitely go again and try something different . even though we waited a while to get our drink order it was worth it . just do n't be in a rush and enjoy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i been in the west sahara location and it was terrible . anyway i though maybe is was the cook or whatever , decide to give a second chance i was in henderson that day . let me tell you , i order the fried chicken and waffles and it was horrible the food smell like cancer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i cant even start how horrible this place is . they just opened and they already have 3 stars ! ! ! our food was ok . i ordered french toast and specifically asked to put the syrup on the side . but i still got the syrup all over my french toast so it came out soggy . who charges refill $ 1 for an ice tea ? ? ! even at the strip doesnt even charges for a refill . our server , cristina took 10 mins for a refill . our server is horrible , her attitude is bad the whole time . funny thing is , for a slow night she should be more attentive with her tables . we will never come back here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was my first visit to a stand alone store . i 've eaten several times at the store in the former imperial palace , now the linq , casino . this place did not disappoint ! ! food and service was excellent ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service is okay . low quality over priced dry food . after several bites i pushed the plate away . so disappointed . not coming back : (", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ridiculous portions . food was good . service was ok. not many people there so we were worried . but very interesting twists on items .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "world famous bloody mary '' - i have had better , i have had much better , for a lot less . had the pub crawl sandwich they put mustard all over the plate , silverware and sides of plate . simple breakfast was good but very expensive . good service . it will be a long time before i consider coming back . or be able to afford to come back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good food , nice atmosphere , good wait staff . matt diem took care of us and he was energetic and very helpful with the menu . you must try the pancake ( no `` s '' ) you can get one giant pancake that will fill your plate . great menu !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went in around 6:30-9:00pm tonight ( sunday ) and it was not busy at all . they close at 9 but they did n't make us feel rushed at all ! the hostess made us feel very welcome . our server , mathew , was friendly and amazing . we could see he was running quite a few things and still managed to keep up with our drinks and check on us quite a few times . i had the andy 's sage fried chicken eggs benedict ( man vs. food fave ) with a hash house salad on the side with extra cucumber dressing . everything was so delicious i almost finished it all . very large portions but the leftovers are always even better the next day . my husband had the bacon avocado burger , mil had the mushroom swiss burger all were delicious their burgers come with two patties . my son ( seven ) loves the banana pancakes with the cooked banana on the side , it 's so yummy he eats the peel and everything lol . it 's a super huge pancake definitely something two kids can share easily .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "update ! full menu now available ! yay ! way to go hh ! went here about a week ago and we were sat in a booth in the bar area right away . still good food and good service !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really do n't understand all of the hype . big food ... ... ... ... ..little flavor . i guess i just expect too much since i add flavor in my food . i think it 's a complete waste of money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had a great meal here . drove into vegas from az and stopped at the henderson location before heading to our hotel . it was about 2:30 in the afternoon and pretty empty , which was awesome . seated right away . menu is extensive and takes awhile to look through ! portion sizes are very large . they match the price . we loved their take on chicken and waffles . the fried leeks on top added a great flavor element . i wanted to try the chicken pot pie but our server told us it was n't good ( lol ) . i appreciate the honesty . pancakes are huge ! i think we found our go-to stop for when in vegas with the kiddos !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was amazing ! i had the capt crunch french toast it had grilled bananas and pecans on it ! my son had the buttermilk sage chicken and waffles . the waffles were cooked around strips of bacon ! my hubby had the stuffed burger with mashed potatoes on the burger ! the food was absolutely fabulous !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just had dinner here . ordered the chicken & waffles which was great and the chocolate waffle with vanilla ice cream was simply perfect ! although , the menu was a little boring especially for somebody like myself who does n't eat meat ( besides chicken & seafood ) . there should have been more options for healthy eaters and kids .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ate at a hash house a go go in san diego and really loved it ... so we decided we must try this one while in the area too . it was nice , but not as nice as the original one in san diego . the menu was just as wild and it 's fresh too ! food was nice and tasty . service was great , the server was happy to be there , happy to explain the various dishes . the restaurant was decorated nicely and very clean . if you 've never been , you should give it a try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "waiter never came by but once . food was good but service awful . took forever first time comming here and last time . come on whats wrong with customer service these days", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first , let me preface everything i say with an admission of my own shyness . i rarely write reviews , but this restaurant and its staff go above and beyond their job duties to make you feel comfortable and at home . here 's what happened in my case : my to-go box was heavily filled -- - have you seen there portions ? ? ? ? ! -- - and it fell over on its side and everything fell on the floor . a shy person 's nightmare , correct ? not with tyler as the general manager . he made me feel right at home , practically took the blame upon himself -- and i do n't think he was at fault in any way -- - and had an entirely new meal made up for me and repackaged to prevent anything wrong happening a second time . well , to make a long story short , this shy person would feel perfectly comfortable eating wherever tyler worked ! ! ! ! this place has great food and awesome service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay . the portions here are simply too big . the food is really good but i did n't eat anything else for a day . and i had less than half of my chicken and waffles . i tried two of their espresso drinks ! the pistachio one and the mint one . both iced . both great ! taste is strong . two shots of espresso in each . i am looking forward to going back and trying their happy hour 4-7pm menu . friends got fried chicken benedict and also fried chicken and eggs plate . basically three different rendition of fried chicken menu items . all great . all too big . none of us finished ! but it tasted great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the food and atmosphere at hh , but for the love of god , turn on the mother fucking air conditioning !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is great . service is awesome . food portion size is enormous . i love the maple bacon in the pancakes ! love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "large portions , great ambiance , but the food seemed to lack flavor . maybe they have changed their recipes , but i thought it used to taste a lot better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hash house is well known for their large portions . the food is simple country food with a slight modern twist . the times my boyfriend and i have come here , food and service were great . staff is extremely friendly , very attentive , and helpful when you have trouble making a selection . prepare to unbutton your pants because you wo n't be able to breathe after this .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have loved hash house on sahara for years . then moved over to the one at the m. equally good . so we were excited when the one on stephanie opened since we live in henderson . wow ! what a disappointment . we 've given them four tries . no more . service is ridiculous , food sub par and the music was so loud we could n't even talk . there 's hardly anyone at this location . i doubt they remain open .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "huge portions and awesome food ... the service is a little slow for how empty the place was the last times we went , but food is always great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing . the food here is insane . andy 's sage chicken waffle is something you must get . it 's the largest serving i 've ever had . it 's tastes delicious and really is a split meal . staff are friendly and atmosphere is fine . i always bring people here when they visit vegas . it never disappoints . everyone gets selfies with the serving size .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been in vegas for a couple days now spending a ton of money for 2 ppl for mediocre food when told some places were `` amazing '' and have been disappointed . found out about this place on a blog i follow and so glad we did ! food-5 stars , service-5 stars , prices-5 stars . portions are huge , which sometimes i feel makes food lose its flavor because they want to impress you with size and not taste or consistency , not the case here . my husband is the pickiest eater and he said `` wow , this is pretty good . '' i about fell out of my chair . go here , you wo n't be disappointed ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we arrived around 3:30pm , the restaurant was n't very busy . our waiter with the twirly mustache was great . sorry i 'm bad with remembering names . clean and organized restaurant . we ordered apple smoked bacon mash potato burger with sweet potato fries and corned beef sandwich on rye bread with salad . they were very tasty . large portions ! ! ! ! be very hungry .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't waste your money here ! after you wait in the rediculously long line , you wait forever to get a drink and order . the food comes out cold and tasteless and the place is so loud the wait staff ca n't hear and messes up the order . i have been here a few times thinking it was just that occasion but no everytime i went it was the same . no service , horrible food and expensive", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in my opinion , the menu items are a little high priced for las vegas , but the portions were really big . they seem to like to put a big sprig of rosemary into things . i do n't like non-edible garnishes , and a woody sprig of rosemary stuck into my food does n't impress . the chicken in the chicken and waffle dish was a little dry ( over cooked ) . the blueberry pancake was huge and flavorful , but they mashed the syrup container into the pancake and turned the fluffy pancake into a mush under it . the children 's chicken fingers and french fries were ok , but did not seem a healthy choice for kids .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really good food . huge portions is a understatement . my wife and i each ordered a meal and had enough food for 3 meals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it gets rather busy , especially during brunch hour , but it 's totally worth the wait ! the entrees are huge so consider splitting something . the sage fried chicken is my favorite thing on the menu . every time my fianc\u00e9 comes to nevada he wants to go to hash house . delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is really expensive , and the portions are huge . i would rather have smaller portions for less money . not everyone likes to eat leftovers , so the food waste in this place is probably really high . i ordered the chicken benedict . it was ok ... we also ordered a hamburger with mashed potatoes in the middle , and that was really good . i do n't know if i 'll be back , but it was worth a try : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i actually thought the response from hash house a bit on the insulting side . if the couple had reservations then why were they told it would be 20 minutes . and why walk them an unusual route behind the bar to a table not 30 feet away . ya , i suppose i buy all that . will definitely never return now !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food is not great . the potatoes are overcooked , greasy and over salted . the corned beef hash was boring . not much more than stringy beef and cheese over the potatoes . service is so so and the food is overpriced .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i loved this restaurant since i stayed at the plaza hotel and casino it was just floors away the christmas ambience was awesome and the good was great was there for breakfast i do believe the hotel offers its patrons discounted restaurant deals but i do n't remember using any of those coupons , i sat at the bar for my coffee and waffles fix and i was on my way to the strip , what more could i possibly ask for", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ... portions are n't as big as the other locations but service was great and food tastes amazing ... we ordered the banana waffles and they made a special order smores latte for my daughter with no expresso .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location like all the hash house a go go 's is awesome ! you just ca n't beat the chicken eggs benedict ( my fav ) or really anything on the menu ! if you have n't eaten here before you will be shocked by the size of the portions ( just check the pics ) ... the food tastes as good as the size too . burgers are awesome , waffles , pancakes , biscuits are delicious , and bbblt is amazing ( you will love the amish milk bread this , and some of the other sandwiches comes on ! ) one last advice , order a kiwi watermelon drink to wash it all down !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't go to brunch here if you expect to wait 45min on food ... the place didnt look that busy considering it was around 2pm ... i had the salmon egg plate and my partner had the sage fried chicken..there were so many things on the plate that was for decor only . they mixed the salmon with the egg which was very unique , the flavors were amazing and the chicken was cooked really perfect . service is great but i think good prep needs some work to have the food come out faster .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was very good ! ! our waitress ( kara , i believe from illinois ) was very polite , and on top of things . it was my first time , have heard lots of good things about other locations . so when this one open close to my house , could n't wait to try it . only issues was the wait for the table , it was slow and there was a lot of tables . also i do n't like onions , chives and whatever they throw on the potatoes and the waffle and chicken . i would of order it with out it , if i knew . did n't say anything about it on the menu . chicken and waffles was very yummy ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wish there was a way to give 4.5 so rounded it off . had heard a lot about this place so picked a new location for the hash house . not only the prep and menu is different but the presentation of the food is really impressive and artistic . the entrees are huge . the coffee can be improved .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pot pie is where it 's at ! also really liked the pancakes . the portions are huge and the prices are small in comparison to how much food you get . our server was funny ( guy with a long beard ) . it 's really unhealthy food and a little too slow for our taste , but overall a good experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great breakfast . first time we ate at this location , we 'll be back for sure . service and food was great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our waitress was extremely pleasant . i wish i could remember her name , but she is from california and enjoys beach volleyball . lol she was awesome . the fresh squeezed orange juice is amazing ! it 's actually fresh squeezed and you can tell it does n't have a bunch of sugar added . portion sizes are huge so be hungry when you go ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was alright , service can improve . food came or wrong as ordered , but she made it right . she refilled our drinks without us asking for a refill . there is not a hash house in california so gave it a try . after this experience unlikely will go back , however , i can now say i tried it . paid $ 21 for a burger , drink , and tip .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've come to this location twice within the last year . let me just say ... .outstanding ! i 've never had to wait to be seated , the food is always made to order and hot ! not to mention , the waiters have never given me a reason to not want to come back . they are always so kind , willing , and helpful . when i 'm stuck on what to order they have a list ready of their favorites which are n't the most popular items on the menu . i have had the pleasure of introducing people to this restaurant and turned them into fans themselves . let me just say - their meatloaf is out of this world !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "french toast was hittin ! the banana with pecan complimented it very well . diced potatoes were great and i got a side of savage baked chicken and that was icing on the cake ! could n't even take a picture it was so good and all the flapjacks are huge !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came out to henderson for work and my friends recommended this restaurant . specifically the bloody mary 's which were so good . the food and staff were just as exceptional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service is friendly . the food is average and bland , served in giant quantities . the bloody mary was the highlight of flavors .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was awesome ! had the andy 's fried sage chicken , pecan french toast , and corn beef hash ... all was incredibly delicious ! tracy our waitress was wonderful and helpful when asking questions being it our first trip to vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ended up going here because the line at babystacks cafe was long . food portions here is huge ! i said , `` woah '' when my food came . i ordered the hh baby burger with a side of mac n cheese . my burger was delicious ! it had so much swiss cheese mmmm . i was very shocked when i saw my mac n cheese cause i was expecting a small bowl . it was good but i will get fries instead next time because it was too filling for me . plus their fries are awesome cause they 're crunchy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place just opened a few days ago but the service and food were perfect . i tried the chorizo hash for the first time and loved it . the s'mores mocha was like a perfect desert . we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took a friend for lunch yesterday since she had never been to hash house a go go and it was absolutely amazing ! ordered the fried green tomato stack and i think i went to heaven with every bite ! my friend ordered the grilled cheese with bacon and tomato and she thoroughly enjoyed half of it since she ate half of my lunch . service was great , food was amazing and so thankful we decided to go there ! i 'm seriously craving it today ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "big portions great tasting food my favorite hand hammered pork sandwich enough for 4 people bring friends when they come from out of town they love it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , great service . see nicole , she 's awesome ! super friendly , awesome ambiance . definitely coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live on the north side . i saw a gentleman who is part of the family that owns this place in the lobby of the ymca . i asked about delivery because there are few good places for pizza in this neighborhood . he then told me he would never deliver on the north side because its so dangerous and he does n't want to get shot . this was an atrocious response to a pleasant request . they own a business in a neighborhood and they insult the residents . they will never get a dollar from me again and i will be loud about this experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stopped in today for the first time for a quick lunch . the atmosphere is nice and it looks recently remodeled . the hoagie i had was absolutely delicious . the bread they used was great . i see a lot of reviews saying they are cash only , but i used a credit card here ( the guy said it was recent that they added the card machine ) . the service was great as well and they were super friendly . will definitely be back to try the pizza !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "giorgio 's is n't a bad option if you 're a north-sider . decent when it 's hot and cold ! the deep dish is n't as deep as you 'll get in chicago , but it is delicious and affordable . toppings are very fresh , especially the veggies . the service is friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've eaten here many times over the years and like this place a lot . unfortunately , i no longer work on the northside so do n't eat here very often . i absolutely love the 5 cheese calzone and the pazzo cheese steak hoagie . just a step below is their stuffed manicotti . i 'd give this place 5 stars except in not a big fan of the pizza . the dough is very good but i do n't like the sauce they use . anyway , over all it is very good with friendly staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place wo n't appeal to most foodies ( if any ) , but if you 're looking for very casual dining , unpretentious food that comes in generous portions served by unpretentious people , this is your place . these have to be some of the most down to earth , genuinely nice people around in the restaurant biz ! they 'd get 5 stars for that . this is my place for local pizza or a baked fish hoagie when i need a break from my own heat n ' serve cooking and need something on the cheap . nothing but cool vibes here . be sure to check out the photo of michael douglas while you 're there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was okay , not great . we had pasta take out . we had called in our order , were told it would be ready in about 20 minutes . i arrived 20 minutes later , and was told it would be a few more minutes . however , it was an additional 70 minutes before the food was ready ! several other people were also waiting for orders , some left in frustration . the woman taking orders and money apologized , blamed the delays on her son , but offered nothing more to compensate people for the excessive delay . we will not return , the food was not worth the wait time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great pizza ! ! great friendly service ! ! so happy to have good pizza on the north side ! ! keep up the good work .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here while in pittsburgh for work . got the pazzo cheesesteak , very good . ordered a slice of pepperoni pizza to go , it was excellent . parking would be the worst part , but i 'm sure the north east are is a lot different than houston , not everything is in a strip center lol .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best sicilian pizza in the immediate burgh that i have found aside from driving to mineos all the way in squirrel hill .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it closed a few months back ! dang it , it 's hard for these restaurants to make it out here in these parts . each time one comes , another bites the dust .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've tried this place several times . each time hoping that it will taste better . each time it gets worse . it seems like they re heat leftovers . nothing is made to order . i had the runs after my last meal . and everytime my bill somehow becomes more expensive ! at first it was around 20 then it somehow ended up being 35 and so on ! weird . you do n't get a receipt so it 's strange . the owners are sweet like everyone else is saying but the food needs to be fresh not leftovers . if they cooked enough for lunch then again for the dinner that woud be better . also the cakes and pies have always been stale . you do n't want to eat refrigerated cakes and pies , that 's not fresh !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a new little cafe that is great for lunch or take out . they currently close at 7 so do n't show up at 6:55 , like i did , and expect to eat in . ( they were very kind and did n't give me any dirty looks as i walked in the door at closing ) . the food is fresh and well prepared . i had a wonderful chicken wrap that comes with grilled vegetables , lettuce tomato , olives , pickles , hummus or other great sauce options . one thing i liked was that they were smart enough to offer both wheat or white wraps and the wheat was good ! the chicken was moist and the veggies were grilled to perfection . they also have your traditional gyro , beef or vegetarian wraps . you certainly wo n't leave here hungry the portions are grand and the price is right ! check it out and say hi to the owner grill master `` moe . ''", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here and had a gyro . one of the best gyros i have had yet . better then the ones you get up at neros ( but that is beef after all ) . also better then the gyro meat at my big fat greek restaurant . i know i will start going back there and for around 10 $ i got a salad , drink some potatos and some gyro meat with tzatziki . the salad was very fresh , the potatoes where ok nothing special and as i said the gyro was good . as a side note wrap is on pita . do n't know why but i was thinking tortillas chips .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sorry to say but i 'm not a fan after my first visit . maybe i just ate on an off day but i dint enjoy the flavors as much when compared to say pita jungle and though the meat and vegetables were over done service was very friendly though so it was n't all bad", "score": "2"}
{"review": "when you win something called `` cupcake wars '' you 're probably on to something right ? ? ? ? heather ( the owner ) and her staff do a wonderful job of coming up with unique and eclectic concepts , ingredients and designs for their treats ! they specialize in cupcakes but also have other tasty options , including cookies , cake pops , brownies , etc . hands down my favorite cupcake was the maple bacon ! it has syrup infused in the middle . not enough to make it soggy , but just the right amount of sweetness . i attended a tasting where i tried the red velvet , maple bacon , butterfinger , lemon cookie and cream cheese covered brownie ... .everything exceeded my expectations ! their options constantly change , so go say hello to heather and her friendly staff . located right beside total wine , off park and woodlawn . $ 2 cupcake tuesdays ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! there are sooooo many delicious choices to pick from . i am really glad that they have a location closer to me . i have not been in a little while , but from what i have everything was pretty good . i like the cookies and the pb blossoms with a reese 's peanut butter cup instead of hershey kiss . i prefer the cookies over the cupcakes . i feel that the cupcakes sometimes get a little crazy and can end up not tasting as good as they look . i am not really a fan of the cupcake pops , but to each his own . my advice ? ? do n't get too overwhelmed with choosing a cup cake or several , stick with some cookies ! ! delicious . the shop is tiny , but there is room for seating if you prefer to dine there . they are located in an area with a big parking lot , but it can get pretty busy and parking can be difficult to find .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok , let me start by saying i have n't had anything i did n't like ( love drool over is probably more accurate ) from cuprazed . but i think that the cookies here take the cake . they are the best i have had in town . the owner said she intentionally undercooks the cookies slightly so that they are chewy . you neeeeeed to try them immediately . the two sugar cookies ( one with standard sprinkles and the other with sugar sprinkles ) are my favorite . ok end cookie rant . onto cupcakes . they rotate their cupcake flavors daily and have $ 2 cupcakes on tuesday . there is a wide variety of options with both buttercream and cream cheese frosting . their best seller is the red velvet . they have a everything from your basic chocolate and vanilla , to salted caramel heath , to fruit punch , to carrot cake . huge variety . they also sell cake pops ( usually chocolate ) and frosted cookie cups ( lemon , chocolate chip , brownie ) . both were excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "maybe i came here on an off day because i was not impressed with the cupcakes . presentation is a1 , but actual cupcakes did n't do it for me . i ordered the kit kat cupcake & the red velvet . these are two of my favorite things . first , the kit kat on the cupcake was stale . stale ! the cupcake itself was a regular chocolate cupcake . the frosting was reallyyyy rich . the red velvet cupcake was decent . i want to give this place a second chance , but do n't want to be disappointed again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "moist , delicious , and reasonably priced ! if you enjoy cupcakes , this is by far , the best place to go in charlotte . i 've been to bakeries all over charlotte and eaten many kinds of desserts , but the 4 cupcakes i 've had from here were all delicious ! they are packed full of great fillings , have rich frosting and toppings , and the cake is always very moist . the prices are reasonable too ! a must for cupcakes and baked goods in charlotte .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unimpressed the last time i visited . i did n't go to the fort mill location ; instead i went to the woodlawn spot and the variety was mediocre ( like 4 or 5 different cupcake varieties ) , and the vanilla cupcake was actually made with cornbread mix . i love cornbread , but at least advertise it as such . my daughter was not pleased . i 'll only go to fort mill from now on .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so happy cupcrazed has a charlotte location . it 's always worth the drive to fort mill from home but this park rd area location is so convenient coming home from work . located just behind total wine . follow on facebook for the flavors of the day . the cupcakes flavors are so creative . this time around i got the froot loops cupcake and the birthday cake ice cream sundae . i got 6 for $ 15 . like buying 5 and getting one free . they are big enough for splitting to try multiple flavors . they have $ 2 tuesday too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a little underwhelmed by the flavor options available on the day i went but i must say that the flavor of the cupcake i had was surprisingly good ! i had the apple pie cupcake ; it was moist , not super sweet and had good apple flavor .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love cupcrazed and think that you will too . i found them at their ft mill location a few years back , but they were out of the way for me . i was super excited to know that they were opening a location in charlotte . the staff is super friendly and the cupcakes very yummy . once you have one , you 'll be hooked . make sure to look out for their $ 2 tuesday specials .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely the most amazing cupcakes ever ! ! they are pretty big for the price which is a plus and they are really moist ! they always have different flavors every day which is nice and you can tell everything is baked fresh . this place is hands down the best place to get cupcakes in charlotte !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love cupcrazed ! their amazing , in fort mill . i know this woodlawn spot from sushi 101 so i figured i could come and get a good cupcake here like fort mill . boy was i wrong ! the vanilla cupcake tasted like cornbread , everyone agreed it did . cornbread with chocolate icing on top . the reece 's cupcake i expected a reece 's pieces cupcake ... with actual peanut butter inside ! but it was just peanut butter drizzle with a small reece 's piece on top . that 's not right to me . the chocolate cake had barely any taste . i like sweet cakes . not no- sugar cakes . my sister enjoyed the carrot cake , and my dad enjoyed his turtle cake , but other than , it was pretty bad . i expected better ! i love this spot in fort mill , but looks like i do n't like it here . they 're new , so i all give them a try when they have a different variety .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "finally a cupcake place in charlotte that can rival sprinkles and georgetown cupcakes . this place has so many delicious flavors and none of them will disappoint . their weekly specials are really great , i really appreciate businesses who appreciate their customers with small rewards and deals . if you go here grab a cookie , they are just as good ( if not better ) than the cupcakes ! we will be going here for our every sweet treat need ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from san francisco cioppino to roasted short ribs , ed 's always delivers with explosive , rich flavors and inventive pairing of ingredients and influences . hailing originally from the san francisco bay area , ed cooks american , asian and latin dishes with french technique in a comfortable , casual setting . never stingy with the foie gras and truffles , ed consistently delivers an exciting meal . if you can manage to snag a seat at the table , you 're going home satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ed 's is the best food you will ever get in phoenix . ed is a culinary chef that only cooks by appointment . it is a new form of dinning . he opens up his kitchen to do cooking demonstrations and walks you through the meal he will be preparing . from the best pairing of ingredients of traditional dishes to new american fusion he develops himself . he can host parties of all sizes and caterers as well ! you will get the opportunity to dine with the chef at his home . if you want to have an awesome meal , definitely the best meal you can possibly have in phoenix , call ed to make a reservation now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while in the - general - vicinity , looking for someplace else to eat , and trying to avoid going to nona 's , we decided to give a try to los arcos . how can you not , with those nicely-appointed windows ? it looks like they built it just for you ! unfortunately , the service is n't terribly good , and that 's when no one is there . i ca n't even imagine what it 's like when they get busy . perhaps they do n't . as to the food - the portions are decently sized , and the ingredients seem to be reasonably fresh , but put them all together and they seem to be utterly average . i really do n't know how that could happen . i think that we were just spoiled by don juan 's in mint hill , and those wonderfully fresh chips ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is your run-of-the-mill mexican restaurant . it 's decent food , decent prices , but nothing extraordinary . it 's a bit small and a little stuffy feeling . i 'm not so much a fan of feeling like i 'm in the way of the servers trying to get food to the tables or other patrons getting around , but it 's inevitable in such a tiny space . it kind of detracts from your meal . but i will say , the arroz con pollo is outstanding . probably the only reason i really go back to this place at all .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i found los arcos ! : ) they are about to open up behind the taco bell on the corner of jw clay and wt harris ( where max and erma 's used to be ) . they are still working on the building , but so glad they are re-opening !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "relocated . remembered it being better at their old location , to be honest i was quite disappointed this last time . probably wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "typical mexican food . pretty good . all our wishes were accommodated . the waitress was pretty friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "recently opened in the old max & erma 's , the outdoor renovations are beautiful . the inside is weird . sterile , overly bright , carpeted floors and odd decor for being a brand new place . both experiences here have been dull . chips are too thick and salsa could n't be blander . they did accommodate my special request for onion and pepper chimichangas . 2 came on the plate , and it was a ridiculously large amount of food . however , the chimi had been fried too long and tasted of stale oil . combine that with the cheese dip on top , the meal was too much . too heavy and no flavor . i recently tried the weekend buffet ( 11-3 ) . there is almost nothing vegetarian on the buffet , but for $ 7.50 one ca n't possibly complain .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a refreshing harrisburg place to relax and enjoy . it is not a usual `` hangout '' with typical bar food . items like hummus with red peppers , chicken caesar salads and bruschetta go hand in hand with the wines offered . this is not a burger and fried pickle place ! ( thank goodness ! ) the staff has taken time to get to know me and my tastes and actually have recommended new wines for me to try ! the bar itself has a very swanky uptown feel . the bar stools are comfy and have a bit of a back on them . ladies , this place has the nicest purse hooks around . ( thank you wine down ! ) yes , it is small , but intimate . even when crowded , the place remains comfortable . so far the music choices are eclectic and artsy . it is about time harrisburg has a nice place like this . hopefully , wine down will be around for a while !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love it ! awesome drink prices and a huge selection . great food choices to go along with the wine . great atmosphere . dim lighting and good music . awesome customer service . and there are purse hooks at the bar ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so glad to have this place . drinks are affordably priced ; i love the live music on weekends . i am very unhappy to hear that cigars will be allowed on the patio soon . i worry because the live music is usually on the patio on warm nights , and i absolutely will not be exposed to cigar stink for the music . they need to make sure to move the music inside and keep the smokers outside . the food is very good - i 'm not sure how as it comes from plate 's kitchen and plate is absolutely not very good . seriously , ca n't get enough of this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went here for all of our birthdays ! it was a monday night once a month beer tasting . the beer selection was diverse and unique . mondays they serve barbecue , fried chicken , shrimp , and ribs . the food was great ! i really enjoyed the bartender , he was funny , curious , and very attentive ! this is a great place to relax and let your hair down !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great wine and beer selection . you feel like you 're in a place in uptown ! definitely a great addition to the area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so happy to have such a relaxing and classy place to go to in harrisburg . the menu options are great and the prices are very reasonable . the owner and staff are very friendly and welcoming .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "update ( they do quality work although the staff is not that warm so that 's a plus , ) i went here today to have my car tire change . the price i got online was different from the one the goodyear repair guy shows me , not by much but i wanted to make sure . the man working the counter gets an attitude about me question the price and wanting to read over my agreement before leaving my vehicle with them . of course , i want to read over some paperwork before signing it , especially if i have pay for a tire change and leave my car . i just hope they do a good job . i have too many other things to worry about ; my car service should not concern me . the staff could be a little be more friendly with this being such a new area they might want to keep the customer 's trust .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "terrible customer service ! i went to get a warranty tire balance , rotate , and align and just because i did n't get the warranty there they acted so inconvenienced . complaining that he was n't going to get paid for it . the service was quick and accurate that is the only reason i gave 3 stars . if you are ok being seen as a dollar sign then this is your place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good experience purchasing tires and getting an alignment . they got me in and out quickly . the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable . they gave me options at different price points without putting any pressure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't know why you have to be dishonest . would n't you rather be honest and not get a sale ? i went in here to see if i could have my tire repaired . had a patch put on last month that was n't put on right . the gentleman stated i would need to get a new tire , and they ca n't fix a patch . i went to ford and they fixed the patch and i was in and out on 15 minutes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they keep saying you are getting a discount , but you are not . they lie to you . then they charge a 7 % fee on top of all the services they due plus tax ( of course the tax is correct , i just wanted to make sure everyone knows when i say 7 % im not talking about the tax , im talking about an extra fee. ) . they call it the shop supplies fee . michael b. just lies to get money . when my wife went there they tried getting more money out of her . i am unsure their work is any good . i may have to spend another $ 300 to fix their issues . i wish i would have learned my lesson the first time . i went here before and it was exactly like that before . but thought , `` hey , maybe they just were having a bad day . '' this is not the case , they will do it every time you come . they will lie to you ! they do n't do good service . do not go here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "guy that worked there behind the counter stated he could n't install my tires because his machine would n't work with my wheels and yet his machine was the same model that installed my tires . so he lied and refused my business most likely because he could n't sell me a set of tires", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there are dotted around edinburgh a number of good libraries that are worth a visit for those with book reading tendancies . this , however , is not one of them . i 've been here and one of my friends has also been here and we both agree that unless you live right next door then coming here is a waste of a trip . not a great library .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is definitely not one of the most extensive libraries in edinburgh by any stretch of the imagination , but it does serve a good local purpose for the locals in the area with internet access and a range , although very limited , of books . the library is where members of the area come together on monday 's to discuss their book of the week , and in this respect the library has a great civic duty to the area . but the amount of books available really is quite pitiful and i think that the council really do need to think about upgrading the library to ensure that the people in the area get a library that they can be proud of . as robert says , it is n't worth a visit if there is another library near you .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this library has recently been renovated . the mural outside has been repainted too . there is a large libraries 4 youth section with plasma screen and games consols . at the back is a really nice kids section . there are of course , books , magazines and public acess computers . the library staff are great and they run books for babies , library link snd other events on a regular basis . its a great pity that they are only open part-time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in the area and i heard really good things about this place so i thought i would give it a try . aww ... ..delicious i absolutely love this place . the donuts were to die for . i mean literally if you eat too much you could die . i.really like the chocolate crossaint . the front desk was very friendly and patient . the parking wasnt too bad , just be careful cars are crazy here . there was a line up which tells me that if you go early you will get a better selection . i think i should avoid this place for my waist line but those pastries ... my mind says i must go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is such a nice bakery on port union road , and has the best no fuss coffee . ( to me ) . they re donuts are nothing like anything you get at a timmys , starbucks , country style , anywhere but a small bakery that makes they re own donuts . they re a bit crispy , even the yeast donuts , but not stale , ive never had a stale donut from this place . they re a good size , and they re cheap . . now they re coffee , its just really good simple coffee ! . i have no idea if its fair trade or any of that and really i dont care , its always fresh , and never burnt tasting . i cant go on about coffee because i dont know all the fancy lingo people used to describe it , but its good ! .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "port union bakery is exactly what you would expect from your local bakery . a small local bakery , that is . they offer usual variety of breads ( white , whole wheat and multi grain loaves , some buns and dinner rolls , banana bread ... etc ) , small snacks like sausage rolls and jamaican patties ... etc ) and pastries in a tiny 200 sqft store with barely enough room to move around with a stroller . since the store is owned by filipino people ( i think ) , they also offer ensaymada which i have yet to try but will update this review once i do . what they offer is a good old basic staples so if you 're craving a nice crusty baguette or a buttery flaky croissant , this place may not do it for you . but for your everyday need for the basic stuff , you can be certain that you 'll be served with a smile .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's great having this little bakery in the neighborhood ! it 's our one stop shop to pick up a loaf of bread , some hot dog buns and pandesal . i really like their empanadas and ensaymada as well . i really have to lay off their little cakes and donuts though . the little store front is very functional , but they really should spruce up the joint .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't eat sweets and instead go here for the whole wheat bread and hamburger buns . simply the freshest fluffy whole wheat in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been eating food from here for over 10 years & i think it 's worth checking out if you 're in the area ! it 's a no frills kinda bakery . nothing very fancy , take out only , kinda out dated . the people working here are very sweet & make some yummy food . best time to come is early in the morning to get it while it 's still hot . my personal favourite thing they make are donuts ! super yummy ! they also make awesome muffins , cookies , pudding , croissants ! i 'm personally not the biggest fan of the buns because they 're a little sweet for my liking but my mom adores them . i 'd stop by if you 're in the area !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing donuts and very friendly service ! best kept secret at this place ? chicken empanadas ! delicious , flaky pastry encase a delectable meat filling . two of these make a yummy and convenient lunch , specially when served with a salad or soup . they only have these mon-saturday , and is often sold out in the afternoon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stopped in here while waiting for my colleague to drop his car off for service . it smelled god so i floated on in with the aroma of baked goods . they must have just opened their doors because it was a little sparse on the product . but that 's ok . i grabbed a donut . donuts make me happy . end of story", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was really close to a 5 star rating . my wife and i stopped in here because we needed some bread . our first time here we were pleasantly greeted by a lady behind the counter . we picked up our loaf and proceeded to check out the pastries and donuts . i opted for a dutchie and my wife got a cheese danish . the dutchie was really good it was just sweet enough and fresh . my wife loved her danish , fresh and yummy . we also got 2 coffees to go . this was our only complaint i prefer a stronger coffee and this did n't cut it for me . if the coffee was a bit better this would easily be a 5 . some of the baked treats we 've had in a while . great prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm addicted to this bakery ! it all started about a month ago which started with the donuts and since then i 've tried just about everything the have ... yummmyyy ! ! ! even their day old muffins are very yummy and still tastes really fresh . i 've been going their 2 to 3 times a week to get their donut , boston cream are my favourite , or their chocolate croissants .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my parents introduced me to this place . the donuts are the best and the dinners rolls are fantastic , yummy yummy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an amazing bakery ! sandwiches or pastries , even donuts - you ca n't go wrong here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love their chicken and beef empanadas . first time i had them was back 2006 at my cousin 's wedding . whenever my cousins come visit me or vice versa these empanadas needs to come home with me . one time thought it was way tooo much pepper .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i brought in 2 in home sub woofers and a speaker to be re-foamed . they were more then helpful in taking my $ 25 each for a down payment . they had good contact with my via email and phone with quotes and options . i had my main sub fixed and the re-foam done . i sold them the other sub woofer and was very happy with the results . everything is working and working well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a first impression of this modest , stand-alone , building just east of 16th street is likely to be misleading . dyna-tronics is the `` go to '' place when your prized amplifier or flat screen t.v . head south . i found dyna-tronics when my four-months-out-of-warranty sharp aquos flat screen lost its sound . turns out that the aquos , the top end of sharp 's lcd flat screens , is prone to this problem . at the suggestion of dyna-tronics i called sharp to see if they 'd honor the repair , but , no , they were entirely unhelpful . fortunately for me , that was n't the case with dyna-tronics , who fixed my t.v . for a relatively modest amount and in time for the super bowl to boot . the staff here are informed and helpful and there is a decent selection of old electrons for the true audiophile .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i retract my last positive review . i had a reciever repaired here.the equipment they installed failed 5 days after the product guarantee . they wouldl not even give me a break in the diagnostic fee of 20.00 to have it looked at again . they told me it would be about another 150.00 to fix it again . i would stay far away from these guys .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fantastic local service shop . was given a cool old turntable but platter was n't turning . expected a $ 25 bench fee and repair bill . he opened it , moved the belt back into place which had slipped out ( duh ! ) . this is the kind of electronics service centers that used to be throughout the country , a dying breed . friendly , knowledgeable , and professional- highly recommended ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place reminds me so much of my grandfather with all kinds of cool , old electronics that he would have loved to tinker with . i dropped off some non-functioning electronics as well as some old computer speakers i was n't using , and they were gladly accepted to salvage the working components so i hopefully brought a smile to mother earth 's face in my recycling endeavour . on top of that , some of the stuff they have for sale is a trip : old turntables and cassette players , even an old reel to reel machine . cool stuff and a good place to recycle electronics .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "avoid this service shop . took a tape player on for cleaning and service , the cleaned it mostly , changed 1 of the two belts that both needed replaced , then refused on multiple occasions to align the machine , no , i 'm not kidding , the tech said he does n't like to adjust things , so i spent hundreds on a machine that i had to do a full calibration when i got it back . their service is very bad , they will have your equipment for quite a while ( 3monthes for me ) , and it wo n't work when u get it back . i got very bad feedback about them after the fact from all the hifi stores in the area . their techs also seem very untrained . there are other repair stores in phoenix , use one of them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've taken a lot of my dj gear to this place , and they always provide me with an accurate idea of the problem , as well as a fair price . they 've always had a timely turnaround with my gear , unless a part was needing to be ordered ( the part was discontinued for quite some time ) , and even then the gear was fixed in 2 weeks or less . i continue to return here simply because they 've always charged reasonable rates and fixed my gear to full working order .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very satisfied . they were able to repair a power supply issue with my thirty year old amplifier for a very reasonable price in a timely fashion . i recommend giving them a try for any electronics that you might otherwise `` recycle . '' the $ 25 fee to diagnose is very acceptable and applies to the repair , which is rarely going cost more than buying new equipment if it was quality to begin with .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i took my onkyo tx4500mkii to be repaired and cleaned by the guys at this shop and i must say they did a stellar job . $ 25 diagnosis fee is standard but applied to the balance of your repair . i small price to pay to get your vintage equipment up and running ! no hassles , quick turnaround . perfect !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "martin at dyna-tronics could easily be named the reanimator ! . he brought back to life an old but valued component that ordinary shops could n't or would n't want to bother with . replacement parts had ceased being available for years so martin tore into the original part and replaced bits that were almost microscopic . i ca n't imagine other shops even knowing how to do this , let be willing to spend the time . so my system is whole and working again - hat 's off to martin and dyna-tronics !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chipotle is amazing . you really ca n't go wrong with this place because it 's made to your liking . the guac is good ! i always get the bowl though their steak tacos are good just not the price . you can get a bowl with guac for around $ 8 yet you can get 3 steak tacos for around $ 7 , the bowl is a better deal if you want more food for your dollar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so happy chipotle is now in the mall . now my lunches are much more amazing ! the menu is simple and no matter what you get , it 's delicious ! the employees have been friendly the few times i 've been there which is great because not a lot of places have that anymore .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i waited in line for 8 minutes with one person ahead of me . when the girl asked me what kind of meat i wanted , i gave her my answer and moved on . the staff was very unwelcoming and the place was filthy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great staff , fast service , 1 of the best places to eat in the mall .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am grateful that there is one the mall now since i do n't like any of the other choices there besides maybe paradise bakery . but i know they are still quite new and the few times i 've been there they are a bit slower and prepping the food and have a smaller staff . sometimes the portions i got were very small and had to keep repeating for larger scoops . but overall they its good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "chiptole is refreshing and they provide great customer service . the employee who took my order is an exceptional listener . she is very outgoing . the food is freshly prepared and tasted fantastic . the cashier was fine . he recommended a drink . wonderful atmosphere for anyone ! ate outside and enjoyed a good meal on this beautiful fall evening .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here for my birthday on friday night and it was a-mazing . i love the dark theme , the bodies on the dance floor . i adore that it was n't over packed with a bunch of idiots wanting to fight . the girls are beautiful , the men are stout and we had just a whopping good time . cover was 5 bucks , which most of you will spend more on a cheeseburger than that . well worth it and will absolutely go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best sushi in the area . my co-workers and i come here often . the sushi always tastes fresh and the service is great . i usually get the sushi-sashimi bento or the chirashi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not too much in terms of an update . still a solid sushi place in the area that 's not ayce ! the restaurant was quiet when i visited , just 2.5 occupied tables , so if possible , i wanted to throw some business their way via an updated review . obviously slightly pricier for dinner , so consider sharing the nigiri maki sushi boat options . visit this hidden gem that 's tucked away behind the 7-11 gas station if you 're in the 'hood !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "maybe i am a sushi snob because we have amazing sushi in california but this was just a step above grocery store sushi , if that . the owners were really nice though ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i really like this place . my take out oders are always correct and i got to finally dine in on new years day ! yes they were open ... and busy ! . my husband enjoyed his spicy chicken hot pot served on rice and side of kimchi . i had the tempura udon ... broth was well seasoned . servicing japanese and korean dishes . behind 7 eleven", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time visit was for lunch . excellent meal . not out of the ordinary , but the subtle scents of the entire meal were awesome . nice friendly staff and sushi chef . tempura was done just right , california rolls were good , the sashimi was my favorite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't let the outside fool you , the inside is adorable , quaint and the sushi delicious . great for a go-to sushi place at an affordable price . my fianc\u00e9 found this one lookin for dinner near a friends place ... loved it but wish the service was explained . we waited 15 minutes before finding out you pay up at the sushi bar :", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well since jj japanese was closed ( and i 'm glad it was ) or else i would n't have come across sushi in sushi . this place is a cute clean place . i ordered miso soup , vegetable gyoza , green dragon roll and dynamite roll and it was all amazing . the price is right and the customer service was very friendly . they even have a `` help '' button on the tables , which is so convenient as opposed to trying to make eye contact to perhaps get their attention , like most restaurants . i 'm so happy with this place and i will be returning very soon : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is definitely one of the better sushi places in mississauga . this place has excellent reviews on numerous websites , which is well deserved . firstly , the service was quick and awesome ! the food surprisingly came out quite quickly . i ordered maki rolls , which were quite good . they were fresh and well formed with little to no fillers ( damn tempura ! ) . beware : the spicy mayo is actually quite spicy ! overall , i think if you 're a sushi fan residing in mississauga , you should definitely check this place out . by the way , it 's quite easy to miss , so drive slowly ! : - ) a winner in my books ! i will be back ! bon appetit !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ca n't believe it 's been 4 years since i visited sushi in sushi ! anyways , i decided to grab some sushi for lunch during my lunch break . i decided to give sushi in sushi another chance after reading some good reviews . that day i ordered two orders of their salmon sashimi ( $ 2.50 for 2 slices ) and their $ 7.99 lunch special ( 6 california maki rolls and 6 spicy salmon maki rolls ) . the ladies working there were friendly and pulled out a chair for me so i can sit and wait . it did n't take very long until my order was ready . the salmon sashimi 's were large and tasted good . however , the way it was sliced was ugly . the maki rolls were average but i 've seen better maki rolls elsewhere . i thought the spicy salmon rolls had way too many crisps on them . overall , my lunch was alright . maybe i 'll return after trying out the other sushi joints nearyby .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really good sushi ... for some reason the korean japanese mix works here ... they are actually pretty good at both ... . i had their sushi deluxe combo and was n't disappointed ... had their bulgogi and spicy beef soup ... not bad at all ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "possibly one of the worst korean food restaurant in mississauga . we went there with a party of 10 during company lunch time , arrived around 12:15 and didnt get our food until 1:30 , they did n't give out korean side dishes like all other korean restaurants . i ordered their bulgogi bibimbap and it was just sad , unlike other bulgogi bibimbap i 've had , their version is just beef and plain rice.. cost me $ 12 . will never visit this place again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this restaurant was such a wonderful find . the miso soup was excellent , the tempura was wonderful and the edamame were perfect . the sushi boat we ordered was fantastic ! you get top quality sushi at a very reasonable price point .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sushi here is great . like the spicy salmon and the roll that comes with garlic sauce . i do n't see many reviews about this place even though it 's definitely worth a try . rolls are good quality as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the sushi has always been really quite good . the prices are very reasonable . the people are very friendly . they play tasteful jazz music . just a great place all round ! on wednesday there the volcano roll is on special , which is like a regular roll , but heaped with extra salmon goodness .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great lunch time sushi bar - bento box selection is nice , menu is reasonably priced . smaller restaurant but can handle larger office lunch groups . i 've been here twice with my coworkers and we 've been very satisfied .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hey everyone , did n't get to eat here , but they do not deliver ! just a warning to anyone expecting that they do", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was around the area and was craving sushi so thought to give this place a try . place was in hidden behind 7-11 gas station with plaza with all auto shops.. ( odd.. ) i came for lunch at 1:30 and place was half full and was still serving lunch special . clean nice ambient w jazz music and good service . we ordered salmon teriyaki & tempra bento box was decent with good size of salmon teriyaki . however the 10 pcs assorted sushi dish was disapointment . only had 3-4 types of fish and half of them were salmon sushi . spicy salmon roll was small and rice itself did n't hold , it fell apart . i was n't full after eating it . lol . guess i pay for what i get..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like the look and feel of this place a lot . the staff is super friendly , the d\u00e9cor is nice and the prices are decent . i only had time to order 1 roll because we got there at 9:30 pm but the spicy salmon roll was good , it just had a bit too much sauce on top of it , i 'll know for next time to ask for less . i 'd eat here again to try the korean food , and because the menu has quite the variety . something for everyone and the specials change daily . check their website .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "on the fence about this place , but i did really like it . they have good lunch specials , a list of 20 different combos , from sashimi , to rolls , teriyaki and even kabli . around $ 7.99-9.99 each . i opted for udon because it was cold and rainy , but it was pricey $ 12.99 for tempura udon . it was really good , but realized later due to too much salt or msg . i felt dry and thirsty all day . there was n't enough noodle in my soup either . i finished it quickly . i would come back again and try one of their combos .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent sushi , however the service was lacking . the help buttons on the tables really do nothing . it service was the only reason i gave it a 4 star .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i pulled up on saturday night hoping to see a bunch of parked cars assuming this restaurant was good . not even a cockroach in sight . i was a little nervous to try it but now that i just came back from the place , i can safely say the food is very good . almost as good as sake caf\u00e9 in new orleans . the california roll is excellent . so is the dynamite roll . try it . its good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went for their lunch menu . miso soup and the dressing for garden salad was better than a lot of other places . sushi was okay , tempura too oily . good ambience , nice and clean place . good but not exceptional .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very disappointed in this place . i spent $ 50 worth of food for two and the service was terrible and the food was served warm . i ca n't fathom why the service was so poor when they only had two tables to serve on a wed night . the food quality was mediocre at best .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service and attention to the customer is seriously lacking ; however , the rolls were pretty good . not the greatest al la carte place i 've been too but definitely in the top 5 . i would order take out next time . edit : took them down to one star from three since they charged me $ 1.50 for hot sauce . i feel as though you should n't be charged for a condiment especially if it made your meal to your liking . this is how businesses nickel and dime people ; poor customer care .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my 2nd or 3rd time here . today , while waiting for my take-out with a beer , i was treated to gift from the kitchen . a phenomenal piece of tuna belly , and a morsel of fried tofu . i am a carnivore a heart , but the tofu was the standout of the two . it melted in my mouth like a piece of fried butter ! i am so used to using firm tofu , that this soft form just fell apart among the light crispy tempura batter on my tongue . ca n't wait to get home for the rest of my dinner ! ps everything was delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is very friendly and defitely not a garage that is wanting to do little work and ask for lots of money in return . a garage that is not wanting to rip you off . honest good work with a great attitude .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you wo n't find better or more honest mechanics anywhere . plus they are reasonably priced like they want you to come back and be a customer for life . they have me ! i have called twice for a quick turn around and they fit me in both times on the schedule i needed . they helped me figure out an electric issue on my wife 's minivan and they helped get an extended insurance claim processed to help pay for the covered manufacturers defect ! incredible service above and beyond expectations every time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is friendly but every repair i 've had there i 've had issues with . about 2 years ago i had a clutch replaced on a 2004 toyota corolla and just 1 month ago the clutch started to slip and needed replaced again with less than 25,000 miles on it . just this year i had my 4runner in for exhaust noise and they told me it was my heat shield and then proceeded to up sell a brake repair on the truck . a few days after getting the truck back , the noise started again and i took it to ntb only to find out the entire exhaust system had rusted out . how do you miss something that huge ! ? !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "suchst du noch einen wagen f\u00fcr die modelleisenbahn ? oder ein geschenk f\u00fcr einen autovernarrten dreij\u00e4hrigen ? oder eine alte police-lp ? dann bist du hier genau so richtig , wie wenn noch ein perry-rhodan-heft fehlt . das such & find ist eine schatzgrube f\u00fcr alle arten von sammlerst\u00fccken .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sammler-paradies ! wer hier nichts findet , dem kann man nicht mehr helfen . bei such & find kann man stunden verbringen und die zeit scheind still zu stehen . auf in die mozartstr . 38 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super laden . f\u00fcr die buben", "score": "5"}
{"review": "einer der kuriosesten l\u00e4den in stuttgart \u00fcberhaupt . hier wird der gro\u00dfe mann wieder zum kleinen jungen , erfreut sich an spielzeugautos und modelleisenbahnen und kann in den weitl\u00e4ufigen regalen in den b\u00fcchern seiner jugend und den platten seiner pubert\u00e4tszeit st\u00f6bern . so stell ich mir das vor , was gemeinhin erlebnisshopping hei\u00dft .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great company to consider for your next closet upgrade . very professional and courteous through the process and their technology was awesome . pricing was fair and install crew was second to none . highly recommend this company and plan to use then for other storage upgrades in our home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very professional service and workmanship from start to finish . they really listened to our needs and designed and built a custom cabinets , drawers , and installed a beautiful floor that exceeded our expectations . they were extremely patient and accommodating with us in getting the job done on a short timeline as we wanted it completed before our backyard wedding reception . my husband spends a lot of time in the garage tinkering on his cars and absolutely loves the new space ! they even incorporated his old workbench , which had sentimental value , into the design and it looks amazing ! highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great garage organization system . looks great , they were a joy to work with , and the price was right . we would absolutely use their services again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time coming here ... it was not very fancy . its in the ghetto side of town . place was very busy with kids running around and yelling . ( annoying ) i feel like its very unprofessional ... the employees were loud and used profanity . they talked out loud about there customers in a bad way . ( big turn off ) . im probly not gon na come back to this place again ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very courteous staff . salon seemed well maintained and clean . the woman that did my shellac mani was very nice . she did a great job with my design request . i would come back again for sure . very pleasant experience and happy with my mani .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "majority of staff very kind and overall couteous ... on the other hand there 's only about 3 nail techs who know how to properly apply nail extensions therefore be ready for a wait pretty expensive and not so extravagant for the price", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love the staff.. hate the customers . please leave your kids at home ladies", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fantastic place to go for nail art and other nail related services . yes , it is n't in a `` high-class '' neighborhood , but everyone in the place was very friendly and the services were top-notch at a great price . my friend and i had a great time chatting with other patrons and employees , we will be going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the bets boozers in the city and a cracking pub quiz on a sunday to boot . landlord jamie is a great guy and always very welcoming . highly recommended for a nice few drinks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scottish cup final , both edinburgh teams , hearts vs. hibs , try finding a pub anywhere in edinburgh that is n't full of football supporters ! the wally dug was n't only devoid of football fans , it was entirely devoid of other customers , except the large lady who gave my mate geoff the eye as we were leaving ... of course , this meant that we were served quickly and efficiently . the beer was good , though it is quite hard to make a mess of a pint of lager . the chat from the barman was non existent , but then again , i was in with my mates , so was n't relying on small talk from a paid friend . apparently it is quite popular with students during the week , so if i 'm back again it 'll likely be on a saturday afternoon again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as with julia s , my first experience with the wally dug was a new town real ale pub crawl . or so i thought . apparently i 've been here before but that memory is a bit hazy ... the wally dug is a nice wee pub . the inside is cozy , broken into a couple of different rooms ( formerly a house , i 'm assuming ) which give it a nice warm feel . as is usual with these kinds of places , it has tasty beer and talkative regulars . it 's not a place i frequent terribly often because it is a bit out of my way and i tend to prefer places which are a bit more lively , but it definitely is a great place for a good pint and good craic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a rather lovely little public house in great part of new town . and as all great pubs should do , they make toasties . friendly staff and plenty of regulars . it 's split into two parts , one at the front which is quite open and a cosier area at the back which has more seating and a nintendo wii . i read somewhere that it allows dogs in , which is a rarity and so it should considering what it 's name is ! shame about the annoying yah thing as i know i gone on about but hey , it 's annoying that this trend has n't gone away yet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a small bar on northumberland street in new town edinburgh . worth noting that it allows dogs in the bar . only other pub that does that in this area is the cumberland bar . it also has a wii games system that you can use for free . it serves all the usual beers and other drinks . as the other reviewer notes , there can be a posh student clientel , but i 've never found it too annoying . as it 's a small bar ( approximately 6 tables plus standing area by the bar ) a dozen students can be quite noisy - particularly if they are playing the guitar game on the pub 's wii ! the bar staff are very friendly , and it 's a pub with many regulars . they only serve toasted sandwiches as food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the wally dug is a cosy public house situated in edinburgh 's new town . the pub has one long bar and two separate seating areas - one at the front which is quite open and a cosier area at the back which has more seating . the bar has a good selection of ales and spirits on offer and has several of the wally dug oranments for which it is named on display inside . i have visited this pub several times and usually the crowd is fun loving and pleasant but beware hooray henrys taking the place over and behaving like louts . sadly i have had a couple of visits completely ruined by this behaviour which at the time staff seemed reluctant to deal with . overall however it is a lovely little public house in a particularly pleasant part of the city .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice pub . free wifi", "score": "4"}
{"review": "popped into the wally dug one sunday lunch time after it had been reccommeded by a friend , i just about got to the bar but turned around and retreated as there was an overpowering smell of cleaning products . after noting that here was no real ale on the premised i decided to look elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was another pub on the let's-discover-new-town-pubs crawl . i mainly wanted to go in because i liked the name of the pub . i 'm very partial to good names . when i ca n't decide on a wine to buy , i go by name . or pretty label . the wally dug is a pretty name with a pretty label . so we went in . and inside held pretty decoration ( a la old man pub ) and pretty ale . it 's got two rooms , and we sat in the cozier of the rooms . it was pretty empty at that time , but in a comforting way . because it 's not as big as the cask & barrel , it did n't feel quite empty . we did n't stay for very long , but it was one of the pubs i enjoyed the most on our discovery pub crawl ( partially because it was one of the earlier ones we went to so i could actually remember what it was like inside ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the wally dug is a very well loved pub amongst edinburgh locals , and whenever i 've been in , it always has its faithful regulars propping up the bar and gabbing away , which always gives you that nice sense of stability and comfort when you feel lost in the fickle world of drinking . or maybe i 'm just being melodramatic . anyway , the dug ( people that frequent this pub will probably be displeased by this abbreviation ) is a cosy little basement cubby hole for a quiet pint , or a more excitable one if it 's the weekend . it 's fairly small here , so you can feel like you 're quite squished in either of the two rooms . there 's always a friendly atmosphere though , and the staff were lovely last time i was in . there are other pubs that are probably higher on my list of attendance notches , as i do n't feel i 've totally made friends with the vibe here yet , but i would still absolutely say it 's a very decent pub to sit yourself down in for a beverage .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i found this hair salon through my denny 's waitress , nancy in scottsdale . i moved to mesa 3 years ago and came to hair duz it and found brian . i 've always gotten my hair cut styled just like i want . just because i 'm over 70 brian keeps my hair style young and i always receive compliments from young & old alike . yes , no credit cards accepted and that keeps the price of hair service really low . i like that i see just as many men as women .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming here for 2 years and the stylist i see is very skilled ( 25+ years ) however , does not take credit cards . i have to have an old school check or a wad of cash on me . that 's the only negative . the staff is entertaining and fun without being catty or gossipy . great place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they do an awesome job , wendy in particular is amazing ! i would n't go anywhere else . i am on stage performing on a regular basis so hair needs to be right . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hair duz it is my favorite place to go to have my hair cut and styled . shelly has helped me with age more gracefully . by leaving a portion of my natural color in addition to some beautiful highlights and color weaved in , i can go awhile without having an obvious growth at the roots and my hair and scalp are so much healthier because i 'm not trying to keep up with coloring my hair so often . when i first spoke to shelly about what i wanted for my hair , she really listened and i felt relieved that it was important to her that i was able to achieve the goal of allowing my gray hair to show through without looking dull and faded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is now closed ! : ( very disappointed . there are no signs out front mentioning the closure but a lady that works at a store next to it mentioned it has been closed for a week and she is not sure why it closed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did n't think they had a very good selection of yogurt . there are no sample cups to try the yogurt . a few of the flavors came out as pure liquid . the ones i did try were not very good . they do post the nutrition info which is nice . the person working clearly did n't want to be there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bad , low-quality yogurt and grossly overpriced . what more can one ask for ? hehehe they did a nice job on the interior , though . unfortunately , they cut corners when it comes to yogurt quality . not even sure that stuff is yogurt .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we 've been here before with no real issues , and we stop in periodically for yogurt . the price ounce here seems to be a bit less than at other places near us . the peanut butter yogurt is really good and creamy . oddly enough , the chocolate yogurt is probably the least tasty- it was very chalky and icy . toppings are the usual . fewer sugar free options here than at the place near us , which i consider a good thing since i do n't like artificial sweeteners . this time the girls at the counter could n't figure out what to do when the empty scale was reading .2 ounces . one girl went to get the other girl and they were both confused . hubby pushed the `` zero '' button to reset the scale , and we went on with our day . both of the girls were still puzzled though and i do n't think they ever figured it out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst service ever ! ! people are sooo so so rude ! ! the yogurt is sooo gross ! ! noone go here ! ! ! ! its the worst frozen yogurt place in the valley ! needs to be shut down !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "going to get yogurt here is as easy as 1 2 3 ... ... ... walk in , get a container and pick from several flavors . you are charged forty-five cents an ounce . i tried the vanilla yogurt and mango yogurt . there is also a topping bar , which i chose peanuts and strawberries . it was so yummy and refreshing . the two young girls at the register were so nice . i recommend you try this place , you 'll be hooked !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not the best frozen yogurt . limited flavor choices and limited toppings . frozen yogurt was not cool enough and was very runny . if you are looking to get fruits in your yogurt this is not the place , fruits appeared dry and not fresh . a little to pricey i want to say i paid over 40 cents an ounce .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is my favorite yogurt place in the valley . the staff is friendly , especially our first visit a few months ago . the prices are fair . the yogurt is tasty and there is a good selections of addons . if you are next door looking for ice cream it may be worth stopping in to at least taste some of the yogurt .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very friendly staff . if you are not sure of the flavor they are serving , no problem they will give you a sample . as any other frozen yogurt shops the flavors do change . it is nice to have something different than ice cream .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "giving this place 2 out of 5 stars simply because the yogurt is actually pretty tasty . unfortunately , the service is absolutely terrible . they hire teenage kids who act like they 're at school and that it 's a chore to be there . as others have said , the service is severely lacking and i know for me , no matter how good the food may be at a place , terrible service can make it a bad experience and not worth going . they also have a very small selection , usually only about 5-6 flavors from when i go . i would recommend going to just about any other yogurt shop instead of this one . yogurtini , yogurtology , menchi 's , etc . are all much better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not the greatest frozen yog place around , not the worst either . ok selection , i tried 4 kinds and 3 of them were not very frozen . the usualy 'ok ' selection of toppings , i did see they have crushed kitkats which was unusual and a favorite of mine . good thing is they do groupons every now and then . also 20 % coupon for yelp checkins ! its like hovering between a 2.5-3 for me . barely just 'ok '", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we absolutely love to get yogurt here ! they have a huge selection of both flavors ( including sorbet & sugar free options ) and toppings ( e. everything is so fresh & flavorful . the staff is awesome . the place is spotlessly clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty good place . great owner . a lot of the staff are wonderful : ) selections are changing a lot - so if you like something it may not be there the next month . but it 's good that you always can try something new . store is always clean and fresh . not sure what the theme is though , it 's kind of odd . the toppings are always fresh , and they have like 6+ selections of fresh fruit and 30+ selections of candies , sweets etc . won my heart over when they got huckleberry flavor : ) they run groupons 90 % of the time for $ 5 for $ 10 etc etc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like the cake batter , and cookies and cream . staff could have been more friendly though . not the same as yogurtology .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just had a great experience here . first time here and i asked to sample some flavors . girl was very helpful and polite allowing me and my boyfriend to sample everything we wanted . i ended up with vanilla and thin mint . it really tastes like thin mint cookies ! ! also has a great selection of toppings .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ayc is about average , but could make a few changes to be a four or five star . first , they have only one giant cup available . a normal one serving looks really small in it . this is a simple marketing mistake . i understand that they want you to fill it all the way up , because they sell it by the ounce . but if you do , you end up with a $ 15 snack , a belly ache , and are a disappointed customer . also , the toppings are limited to mainly candy . for a business that is touting a healthy food , you would think that they would offer more fruit and nut options . if i wanted a really good , artery clogging , belt stretching , fat bomb , i would go next door to cold stone creamery . last , for yogurt in a paper cup with some candy , the pricing is on the high side . if you are going to charge a premium price , you must offer a premium product .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the workers at this yogurt shop is the best , they were perfect with no flaws . then the yogurt ... . the yogurt tastes amazing ! ! it 's the best in the valley . so clean and organized . you will not regret going to this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "zuf\u00e4llig vorbei gekommen und spontan auf die terrasse gesetzt . haben nichts erwartet aber wurden total \u00fcberrascht ! pizzen und pizza brot , mit wunderbaren zutaten belegt ! leckerste oliven , tolle luftgetrocknete salami und ordentlich knoblauch . getr\u00e4nke mit eisw\u00fcrfeln ohne nachzufragen ! perfekt die dame im service war etwas ruppig , aber dennoch sehr zuverl\u00e4ssig . top empfehlung !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you to all my friends at goodfellas collision center . have an older hummer h2 , it is great to know a good shop here in las vegas that is honest , fair and will not rip you off . i highly recommend them to all of my friends and family ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome customer service ! great quality in their work & they do all repairs in a timely manner . highly recommend this shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my car after my accident to goodfellas . anthony was just really nice and took care of everything i needed . and when i had to return for a little paint scratch a few months later , both anthony and john fixed it with no questions asked . i highly recommend this place to anyone who needs auto body work . great customer service and awesome work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent customer service ! ! they were great through the whole process . katy was very professional and helpful ! highly recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't say enough about goodfellas , their awesome work and great customer service . i was a little nervous about leaving my 2014 lexus with them since i knew nothing about them or their work ( i live in la ) ; however , all my worries were put to rest when i picked up my car - it looked great ! you would have never known it had been in an accident . no only do they do great work , but their customer service ca n't be beat . everyone i encountered at goodfellas was professional and friendly and they even went the extra mile by giving me a ride to the airport . erika kept me informed and provided updates throughout the repair process and even worked some magic in getting a part that was on back order in time for my car to be ready when promised . in the end , my car was ready a couple days early ! i highly recommend goodfellas to anyone in need of a body shop . not only is their work excellent , but they care about their customers . two thumbs up ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently had a lot of work done at goodfellas . my 2008 jetta was in bad shape . goodfellas hooked me up with a new windshield , new bumper , 4 new tires , a new aux input , new luggage lift strut , and even recharged my ac , polished my headlights and gave me an awesome tint on all my windows plus other miscellaneous additions for a great price ! i had an effortless time communicating with john who is one of the nicest people i have ever had the pleasure of working with . he even kept the car an extra day to fix it from paint blemishes that occurred after the initial fix . john would n't return the car until it looked brand new and it certainly does . my car has n't look this good since before i bought it . i will be recommending goodfellas to all of my family and friends who need work done . 10 10 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been working with anthony and john of goodfellas collision center for some time now . i can say that both are great gentlemen and upstanding businessmen . their service is great ! if you want your car fixed right the first time after an accident , then goodfellas is the body shop to go see . they truly know how to make you feel comfortable at a time when you need all the help you can get . goodfellas is the body repair shop to go see . i highly recommend them and their services !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my 2007 tahoe to goodfellas , they were a referral from a friend . all i can say is wow ! ! ! i love it when someone does what they say they 're gon na do ! ! my truck looks great , john was great to work with , so friendly . they did some little extras , not expected , but totally appreciated ! ! ! i would highly recommend this body shop to anyone - they actually care about their work & their customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my car in after i got a hit n run accident . this place is awesome ! my car was finished & looked better than ever before ! they are so helpful & explained everything i needed to know . i will definitely take my car in when i need a bodywork on my car : ) you can trust their work 100 % .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i arrived to the shop , i was immediately greeted with a smile and invited to go into the lobby for coffee , i like their service very much , they are not only provide their own service , but also they will provide extra service , the staff were all very friendly and professional ! ! ! ! ! good job goodfellas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you for fixing my car ! ! and thank you for the loaner car and all your help ! you guys are amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so grateful that they were preferred providers for my auto insurance . from the moment i walked through there doors they were professional curtious and friendly . they handled all the communications with my provider and kept me informed of everything throughout the entire repair process with text messaging . the work that they did was exceptional and performed in a timely manner , i still ca n't find the area of repair no matter what light or angle i look in . the color matching is perfect ! i will always recommend them to anyone that finds themselves in the unfortunate situation of an auto accident , or any other service they offer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent job ! the job on our bumper was done in a short time and looked great . they even washed our car !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prompt , courteous and informative . worked with us every step of the way . i would take my truck back if needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "goodfellas is one of the best body shop i experienced for customize my new car . they really did a great job for paint my brake calipers . their professional staff even work overtime to make sure they provide the best services and perfect products for me . moreover , they guarantee all their works so if anything goes wrong , just bring the car back to them they will take care of you for sure . after i saw the quality of the work they provided and how patient they are , now i become a loyal customer at goodfellas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is very professional , efficient , and polite . they also provide a shuttle service , which saved a lot of time . i received text messages with updates on my vehicle , which was great because i did n't have to call or wait on hold for any answers on the status of my repair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommended ! was referred by an insurance company when someone hit my vehicle . this shop is a gem ! so lucky to have found this place . kevin , the manager took care of us the entire time . great customer service and very honest people.will def be using goodfellas for all of our automotive needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently went in to get my car fixed after a accident . sadly it was a hit and run and had to be out of pocket but the great thing was that everyone there did as much as they could to help me when it came to that . they estimated a week for the repairs to be finished i was a little worried it would n't be done by that time since it was in a terrible shape . great news is it was done in that exact time and i received my car in great shape . looked even better then expected . i was kept in the loop the whole time my vehicle was there never had to call to check status on it . so much appreciated ! ! ! great shop would recommend to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "anthony , kevin and ernie are great guys to do business with ! they do go the extra mile to help you out ! highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "goodfellas is the place to go for body work . anthony the owner is a wonderful man . ive not been treated so kind in too long . i felt like i was family and anthony and his staff were my big brothers ! thanks anthony for always being such a gentleman ! not to mention they did a beautiful job on my car and really quickly ! love love love these guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what can i say but `` utter perfection '' when it came to repairing my car ! i just could n't believe how beautiful the work was..thank you goodfellas , you turned what was a horrible experience into a glorious ending..my car back in one piece as if the accident had never happened . you guys are the best ! i have added before and after pics to look at..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ernie at goodfellas is fantastic ! he really helped my family out , was kind and professional . the work is good quality and was done quickly . we were going out of town and , if at all possible , needed to have the car back before we left . ernie made it happen ! thank you ernie !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously amazing service here . these people are honest and ready to offer cost effective solutions . anthony , the owner , was prepared to accommodate any situation necessary to ensure i left his shop feeling taken care of . not to mention they do great work . thanks guys ! i will never go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "edvard was an extremely helpful and his customer service is amazing . would recommend this place to other residents . if you have an issue with your car bring it here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "exeletnt job . the people were very professional , they fixed my vw after very bad accident . the car looks and drive like new . thank you goodfellas ! and especially kevin .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great pricing and incredibly friendly staff . my 350z had some gnarly damage on the front bumper fender area . kevin gave me one hell of a price compared to the other shops in town who wanted at least 2x more . if you need to take you vehicle anywhere in vegas for body work or even custom work , i would highly recommend the guys at goodfellas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great experience at this shop . very professional and thorough . ernie is great at his job and takes care of business . thanks ernie ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had them paint a motorcycle for me and they completely fixed every little imperfection , and did the most beautiful 3 stage paint i can imagine ! great service and great people", "score": "5"}
{"review": "anthony was nice when he presented my car . the body looks great , but then i noticed my lights were disconnected , and there was something open under my car . updated brought my car back this morning , and they fixed the issues pretty quick .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i searched yelp and found 3 places that had 5cstar ratings.. i messaged them and anthony was very responsive . he had the best auote . i reached out on a thursday and he got me in the next day . i had a headlight out which i knew about and a back brake light as well . not i it did he give me a car to drive while working on mine , they had everything finished that afternoon . he called and kept me in the loop as things were happening . no surprises . he was very professional and has great customer service . the brakes are great ! i highly recommend this place ! ! ! not only affordable but friendly knowledgeable trustworthy and very professional ! ! thank you anthony ! ! i was very happy . ill be back if anything else is needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grandstand 31 for the formula 1 race 2 years in a row . pros : it 's the closest race to my home and they had an announcer via speakers with a big tv in front of our grandstand . montreal is a nice city . cons : the facilities . the grandstand is temporary and quite literally metal bleachers . i have a 36 inch waist and i take up the entire seat . they are unstable metal benches . there is no where to walk if someone next to you gets up to go take a bathroom break , so you stand and they walk on your seats . there are no bathrooms , just portopotties which are gross . they have no queue line so it 's a shit show to take a shit . verdict : well it can stay subpar as a faculty versus other athletic venues at this per ticket price point and i will keep coming back because there is no ny grand prix anytime soon . i really hope it does happen soon so i can stop going to this crap venue .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i enjoy watching f1 and i 've been to at least 6 races . after getting off the metro station , we had to take a long hike to get to our seats at circuit gilles villeneuve . they could have opened other gates instead of going around through one entrance . we had vip tickets and you would think we 'd have a special entrance but no ! there are no decent bathrooms . you have to use portalets which were totally disgusting . food was average . the only good thing about cgv is the view of the biosphere in parc jean-drapeau .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "must place to visit for f1 or any racing fans ! come when the weather is warmer . nothing to see here in the winter but being a huge f1 fans , we were excited just for being at a home of a canadian grand prix . we took a walk on a small part of circuit . we were planning to walk around the whole circuit but there was too much snow when we were there . the next time we visit this place , it 's definitely gon na be on a grand prix weekend .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for f1 fans it 's a dream come true to be able to actually enter the circuit for free and with total freedom to move around it has a lane reserved for sports , mainly cycling but you can also run or go for a walk there also a beach in the facilities and you can get there by bike easily trough an exclusive road for bikes", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first came here in 2011 and then again in 2015 . the event organizers still maintain a great job at running the grand prix . everything is labeled properly and big signage on where everything is . i really only come here during race day ( sunday ) i do n't normally come during the practice or qualifying . i 'm pretty busy partying at new city gas or heading to the block parties in downtown mtl . this past season ( 2015 ) i wish i stayed a little bit to walk the course and try to get a souvenir like the drs sign or something like that but maybe i 'll do that when i 'm back in another 3-4 years . over all , this place is amazing and i will most definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my second stay here . it is wonderful as always . beautiful city , beautiful house and wonderful hospitality . each room here has something special to offer you . you have to experience it yourself and enjoy the beauty of the bed and breakfast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stayed at stone gables again on saturday , november 9th for one night and it was fantastic . this time i was in the south mini suite -- very comfy and quiet , with lots of space . i was able to partake of richard 's breakfast and it was perfect ! ! ! i had the banana french toast -- amazing ! ! ! ! ! my partner had the eggs benedict and he loved it ... we were served orange juice , hot tea & coffee , fresh fruit ... it was really nice . i received a discount as a return guest , and i really just love this place ! ! every time i am in cleveland , if richard has a room for me -- i will be in it ! do not even consider staying anywhere else if stone gables has availability -- you wo n't regret it : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't rave enough about how much we enjoyed our stay at stone gables ! this is a little gem in ohio city ! richard was a welcoming and attentive host ! i stayed in the `` red room '' which was decorated beautifully and very clean and comfy ! our breakfast was outstanding ! we would stay here again ... also , the b & b is walking distance to the west side market !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "charming , great location ( walking distance to west 25th ) , clean , and so hospitable ... richard is a great host . pretty much everything you want in a b & b . will be back the next time i 'm in the cleve for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service standart , aber hat alllles gepasst . ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tja , ich habe letztes jahr da ganz andere erfahrungen gemacht ! meine patronen funktionierten zu hause erst ganz schmierig , danach sind sie ausgelaufen . es war eine riesige sauerei", "score": "1"}
{"review": "klasse sache . sollte sich jeder einmal \u00fcberlegen der viel zum drucken hat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "also zum kopieren w\u00fcrde ich hier nie gehen , habe mal vor ca . 2 jahren ein dokument vom usb-stick ausdrucken lassen.musste aus angeblichen speichergr\u00fcnden pro seite 1eur zahlen ( insgesamt 3eur gezahlt ) . da ich es eilig hatte , war mir das zuerst egal , hab es aber sp\u00e4ter bereut . seit diesem tag an meide ich diesen laden und gehe auch nur noch in copy shops mit angemessenen preislisten ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super netter und kompetenter service . gute preise , alles top !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "endlich habe ich mich durchgerungen , meinem drucker mal nicht mit original-tinte zu f\u00fcttern . die sind doch echt viel zu teuer . also ab in den n\u00e4chsten druckerpatronennachf\u00fcllladen . der herr machte tats\u00e4chlich einen sehr kompetenten eindruck . es waren noch einige kunden vor mir und er konnte zu jeder ihm vorgstellten druckerpatrone eine ganze geschichte erz\u00e4hlen . bedient wird man mit schwarzen h\u00e4nden , aber das scheint eine berufskrankheit zu sein ; ) das auff\u00fcllen dauerte nur wenige minuten und den chip konnte er auch zur\u00fccksetzten damit mein drucker wieder den richtigen f\u00fcllstand anzeigen kann . hat alles wunderbar geklappt und g\u00fcnstiger ist es auch noch . ich werde jetzt wohl immer meine patronen nachf\u00fcllen lassen . \u00fcberigens , ganze drucker werden hier auch verkauft ( wer h\u00e4tte das gedacht ! ? )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tania is the best eyebrow wizard in town . she knows exactly what looks good on everyone who comes to her , and she 's honest ( almost to a fault . ) she has made my eyebrows look so much better ever since i started going to see her . totally worth the money - she 's miles better than the cheap , painful , unprofessional eyebrow threaders that seem to be popping up everywhere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went all over the place , from spas to cheap $ 4 eyebrow threading at dees , before i found tania . she is exceptional - she is able to contour your eyebrows to be what most compliments your features . she 's the best there is . what i like the most is that she takes her time . other places will get you in and out in a few minutes , but she will sculpt your eyebrows beautifully . she is a sweetheart but is passionate about her work , and like any artist will be upfront with you if your eyebrow 's current style does n't suit you . the one thing i do n't like has nothing to do with her : she does not have her own room within the spa , so there is no privacy . that means some people stop her & chit chat while she 's working . nonetheless , she is the best and worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tania is truly the best at eyebrows ! my brows had been over plucked by other estheticians and she helped me grow them full again and find my best shape . it is an added bonus that she is sweet , funny and great to talk to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible . tania is so rude and unprofessional . i do n't understand why she treats her customers - who are paying her - like filth , but she does . her attitude aside , she made my eyebrows horribly asymmetrical and crooked . do n't waste your time or money here , there are so many other better places in montreal where they 'll actually treat you with respect .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "omg omg omg ! ! ! she is honestly the best ! ! ! i just love my eyebrows so much i ca n't stop looking in the mirror lol i came in with thick bushy eyebrows that have been through war due to bad experiences in the past but tania saved them and by the same time saved my face lol ! she knows what she 's dooing and she 's very good at it . no one is allow to ever touch my eyebrows but tania .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tania came highly recommended by a friend of mine and after having had my eyebrows plucked by aestheticians who were probably not at all qualified to do so for years , i just came back from my first appointment with her . amazing work ! from the very beginning , i knew i was in good hands . looking forward to my next appointment !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't usually get my eyebrows done professionally so i was a bit hesitant , but i had an awesome experience with tania ! she listens carefully to your needs , gives you her honest advice and takes her time when working . tania is an absolute perfectionist ! i will definitely add getting my eyebrows with her regularly to my list of priorities .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tania did an incredible job with my eyebrows after only my first appointment ! for months i had been going to different threading places , and i was never truly happy with the result . tania was the first person who really took the time to ask me what i wanted and to explain me what would look good on my face . and i loved the result ! tania is an artist . i definitely recommend her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tania is just simply purely amazing and professional and caring ! she gently asked my option and operated so well , and she even helped me out with my skin problems , i would definitely go there again and i like so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tania is incredible ! i 've been seeing her for almost two years . i 'm lucky to have quite thick eyebrows naturally , but before i came to her , they were extremely uneven and overplucked . i 've been getting my eyebrows done for years , and i have yet to encounter someone with the same dedication , consistency , and precision as tania . her appointments are long because she takes her time to make sure your eyebrows are perfect . when i go home for the summer i get nervous about my eyebrows because i have n't found someone as great as her in dc . i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tania has been doing my brows for 4 years now ! she is the best in the market she totally transformed my eyebrows ! ! she is passionate and a perfectionist !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "top notch cardiovascular care here ! a wonderful aspect of bbhh is the comfortable and spacious visitor waiting areas with coffee , tv and helpful volunteers . the gift shop on the main level is well stocked and if you are lucky , one of the volunteers will be playing the baby grand piano in the lobby ! the cafe here is not that great , but for a short walk , you can enjoy the amazing cafeteria at bbmc which is adjacent to bbhh . also , dairy queen and starbuck 's are across the street .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been to this hospital so many time i 've lost count . the preop nurses are great . unfortunately i almost know them by name . they are always respectful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just had a surgery at banner heart hospital last week . dr . gang is a wonderful cardiothoracic surgeon . i was really scared being told that i needed surgery and when i when i went for a second opinion to dr gang i thought he was much more confident and knew what he was doing . he was amazing and tried to keep the incision small . the staff at banner heart are amazing ! i was there for 4 days and had some of the most awesome nurses : paula , bonnie , michelle a few more that i ca n't remember their names . but you felt they cared and were very helpful when i was in pain they were there so fast . very friendly , gentle and understanding . if you have to have surgery , this is definitely the hospital to go to . the only thing to make it better would be to have a couch like banner gateway so that my husband could have been easier on my husband who stayed with me during my stay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i pretty much have to give five stars to the place that saved my life ... awesome staff , from the nursing assistants to the administrative folks to the nurses and the doctors . without fail , everyone we came in contact with from the moment i was rushed into the er with a heart attack until i checked out four days later after having two angioplasties and two stents inserted into my aching heat was fabulous . thank you all for the terrific care ! my only gripe would be the gowns that showed my ass as i strolled the halls during the recovery , and the kitchens uncanny ability to remove all flavor from the food . how do they manage to make green beans taste like meat that tastes like oatmeal that tastes like cardboard ? but hey , that 's hospitals and it 's not like they are going to serve up a greasy double bacon cheeseburger to a guy that just had a massive heart attack .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "interesting . the run around continues . my orogibal report clearly states that this laura robertson ceo avoids inportant calls . i saw a reply from a person named dawn in yelp . unless laura robertson changed her name to dawn , beating around the bush is n't going to help . have her read the signs plastered all over the hallways .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lots of old people here , it 's a blue haired invasion in the winter months . but that 's kind of phoenix in general i think . staff is hit or miss .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went to the emergency room here after my brother got bit by a dog . everyone we talked to was fantastic . they were all so nice and explained every process . we were in and out in under an hour and half . i highly recommend this hospital if you ever have an emergency .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hello david , just to let you know that i had 95 % blockage in an artery , which was taken care of at a different hospital . shame on you calling your hospital a heart hospital , that i was thrown out of because you needed my bed in e r. i do n't recommend this hospital if you have any chest pain . they are not a heart hospital , alan s .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was extremely ill and went into the er , the staff was the best . i ended up having to have a triple bypass surgery on 4-20-15 . the doctors , nurses were absolutely the best . i 've been in the heath care field for many years a registered medical assistant , i am pretty picky . they are amazing . i love the nursing staff . i highly recommend this hospital .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this hospital is the best i have ever seen . they are taking such good care of my mother . as well as all patients . the oncology dept is the best , the friendliest ever . thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a heart procedure done . stayed over night , the treatment and the care and compassion i received by the nurses marv and nancy was so needed , also from the med . techs sam and travis , they were very reassuring with their knowledge , also had a sense of humor which is needed in my condition ... ..thanks guys ... ... and thank you marv and nancy for your profesionalism ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i guess if you are in need of cardiothoracic care , this is a pretty good place . my uncle suffered a heart attack and had subsequent surgery . the care is thorough and they are nice to us , as visitors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is really good but the service is beyond rude . i used to go here once a week , but the girl at the cash on her phone with the snarly face , the counter staff playing favourites , and the overall grim neglect of patrons means i wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the first time i visit famous laffa ever since it changed its name and i am glad to report that the food is as good as before although i just had a pita with sabih it was still fresh and tastey and generous . they completely changed the place and i have no idea why but it 's good to see them back in business .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yes dr laffa is famous laffa now franchising the location in dufferin and steeles location closed april and has not reopened yet : for renovations if food is same it is the place to go for hot fresh laffa and anything you 'd put in it ; israeli middle eastern soon to open in the promenade good news circa july 2015 now magnetic drive location under permanent construction oh well . oy vey some day", "score": "5"}
{"review": "authentic israeli food from the family that run sima restaurant in the incredible mahane yehudah market in jerusalem . shawarma , pargiyot ( dark chicken skewers ) , kebab all fantastic . rib steak good . fried eggplant slices also very good . hummus tasty . provide 4 salads to start on the house , nice touch . still waiting for an israeli restaurant that provides unlimited small salads for a fixed fee , like in israel . whole wheat and regular laffa very tasty . food here tastes the closest to israel outside of israel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best shawarmas i 've had in toronto so far . the service is usually really fast but it can get pretty crowded during lunch time . i always order the white laffa with shawarma but they also have a whole wheat version . overall 5 5", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a really nice uso with all the amenities that generally come with an uso . why not 5 stars ? it 's not 24 7 . yeah , i know there 's not a lot of usos that are 24 7 but the ones that are , is to me the pinnacle of 5 stars . i mean , 24 7 . that 's just awesome . but this place is still really nice . a small area just for kids to play for the families . couch -like chairs that are so easy to fall a sleep in . and of course a good amount of food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best uso i 've ever been to . had four hours to kill for my ongoing flight back to san dog and this was the perfect place to kill it . had recliners with electrical outlets for your charging needs . wifi , drinks , food and a play area for kids . staff was very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i saw a sign for the uso and ventured to check it out . i was able to get a sandwich and drink . so it was perfect to find this place at the right time . i live usos because they offer a `` free '' service and a military member or vet can leave a donation . this one had computer access and also drinks and snacks to pick from .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "might be one of the best uso i have been to . it 's inside the terminal so you do n't have to check out between flights . awesome food , tv , computers , coin displays . makes you feel rested . i 'm glad it 's here . was watching tv and feel asleep w o knownig it ! ! ! big fan ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to many usos around the world and this is one of the best . it 's clean , everything is well maintained , and the volunteers are exceptional . it 's centrally located inside security . i highly recommend a stop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best uso centers that i 've been to . super comfy recliners to relax in while you wait for your flight !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly staff and nice facilities . i arrived around 6 am and they served us bojangles sausage biscuits . the woman at the desk also made sure every service member received a travel kit ( the price tag on them read 9.99 , but of course they were free for us ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the volunteers are always so incredibly friendly and welcoming . the food is always stocked and there 's a great variety . the chairs are comfortable and the space is inviting . i ca n't say enough about how much i like stopping into the this uso when i travel through charlotte !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for my active and retired only , but feel free to read and please if you have the ability to look into donating to this amazing organization . so due to an unfortunate an experience with american airlines i was forced to stay at the airport for and extra four hours . the uso provided me with a place to lay my head for the four hour wait , charge my phone , and breakfast in the form of a honey bun ( my choice ) and coffee . it was n't super busy in the uso but it was quite a few families traveling . this place is literally essential for some of us service men and women . there is so many more services provided here but make sure if you have the extra time stop by and at least thank some of the volunteers here that help allow us a place to get away and detox from some of the stress of traveling ( or getting your flight changed more then once ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is good . the customer service sucks bad if you call and tell them were missing food they will fight you and say they have you everything . like why would i lie about it well anyways the ower should really look up and fix his customer service . thank you", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food was absolutely delicious . i had the pupusas and they were very good . i also ate the platanos fritos and they were soooo yummy . defenatly recommend this place . only thing is waitress was rude , but i guess the food makes up for it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the reason i 'm giving this place is because of the service . i do n't blame the girls because i 'm a server as well and i know how overwhelming it can be when you are short staff . the pupusas are so delicious i love them but get them to go . and what bothers me the most is that the owner is just sitting there in the corner watching everything like hello you want your business to do well help out ! or hire an extra server ! i hate to give this place one star but maybe they will fix the issue .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome pupusas ! tasty and cheese was just oozing out of em . got the pork and cheese pupusas . inexpensive and fulfilling . will definitely be coming back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i order here because it 's right by my house . the food is great..but the customer service seems to get worse every time i go there ! be prepared to wait a long time for your order ! this place charges extra for everything ! i wanted an extra side of veggies and they would n't allow me to purchase it because i needed to spend more than 10 dollars on my card , even though i had just bought 20 dollars worth of food ! not sure if i 'll be coming back again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yum this place is very good and very authentic . initially i was upset they were out of the pork tamales , but the chicken tamal was excellent i also had a few bites of a pork chili relleno and nothing could describe it other than amazing . i have returned a few times and it is always good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pupusas for $ 1.50 ... oohh sooo good ... but oohh soo greasy . this resturaunt seems like grandma 's in the kitchen . the pupsas are a salvidorian kinda thingy ... hand made thick corn tortilla filled inside w cheese beans and pork . my one and only complaint is that thier cheese is too greasy , after it melts , out pours the oily mess . but hey , you 'll love it and you 'll never know until you try it . & you have to try it ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tasty pupusas ... nuff said ? cheap and not too greasy . oh yeah , they have orange soda . ok ok ... the restaurant was roomy and clean too . the girls behind the counter were nice . might see ya there !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they did do a remodeling of the inside ! see ? plus the pupusas are the same . but they are less greasy now . they taste awesome ! karaoke still there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place that fuck up the . food without salt and to fucken . cold and . the charger ex for . to go order it 's was my favorite place but now they are so bad", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the first time i ate here was when a friend of mine recommended it to me for their pupusas . that day i was surprised , it was very good . the second time back , months later , it was not good at all . the pupusas were very flat & cheaper out , the flavor was n't there . tasteless slaw & salsa with flat pupusas ? boring . going back to looking for a new pupusas spot y'all !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fiance and family come to this place they been living here for years i found out why a must go to place . try there horchata ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tasty food but initially slow nervous service . we walked in stood at the counter for a touch then grabbed real menus and sat at a booth . it took a minute before my brother and i were waited on even then . though there were only two other tables with guests . we 're black they were hispanic , maybe that had something to do with it . but , once the server came and told us she spoke little english and us a little spanish , service picked up and she began to check on us just as often as the other guests . i ordered the small breakfast . which came with fried plantain , a fried egg , sour cream , creamed beans and a tortilla . the beans were very smooth and pureed . they were super flavorful i recommend you get them . the tortilla was thicker than a traditional tortilla but very tasty as well . my brother had steak tacos . we both enjoyed our food . i 'd recommend this place to all .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "la agua de jamaica large , super ! un poco azucarada pero reditiendo se el hielo , esta bien . las pupusas , deliciosas , y el ambiente esta muy bien tambien , estilo karaoke .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here about once a week , this place is great ! the popusas are one of a kind , bean cheese are really good just bought some today for lunch , and prices are fair also i recommend the prepared beer here , it 's super tasty , they have them like that anywhere else", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there with my hubby and 2 kids on a sunday afternoon . the restaurant does n't look like much from the outside ... i was a little nervous . the inside was pretty clean and tidy ... not much for decor but there was a guy on karoke singing songs in spanish ! we went mainly for the pupusas ... . they were cheap , a lil ' oily and oh so cheesy ! there are 3 types available , plain w cheese , cheese and bean and a pork cheese and bean . we ordered a couple of each and were not disappointed . next time i 'll ask them to make them `` well done '' a couple were kinda doughy ... the slaw they came with was ok.. nothin special ... they had a sign for 12 pupusas for $ 12 mon-fri ... i dont remember what type but it sounded like a good deal ... .. we 'll definately be back !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just came here last night and ate some popusas . i had the chicharon con queso ... freaking bomb ! ! ! i also had queso con loroco not bad but thought they were a bit stingy with the cheese . overall the food was good staff was ok , environment not bad but just had some loud karaoke so could n't really have a conversation with my date .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great please to eat , sit , and relax . the main reason i come here was for the pupusas and they do not disappoint . just customer service sucks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good pupusas , but costumer service is horrible . the first time i went i brushed it off , but when i decided to return it was even worse . i decided to leave before i even ordered .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we ordered combo # 1 , some pupusas revueltas & a shrimp pupusa ! soooo good ! best food ever ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food tasted good . the first time i came here with a friend , it was great . they set chips and salsa on our table without us asking , did n't charge for it , and the wait for our actual food was short . today when my mother 's friend and i came here , the wait was extremely long even though there were only two other tables with people in it . we had to ask for salsa and chips , this time we were charged for it , and the service overall was just not good . i expected a small restaurant that usually only has two tables occupied to be more humble .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love the costa del sol . recommended if you never been their to eat go try it . i love my salvadoran peep 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very authentic pupusas . hand made to order so expect to wait . i had a spinach and cheese one and chicharron with cheese and beans . big and thick and very filling . the rice is good but do n't expect spanish rice . serving staff helpful and nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible service..ruined my family breakfast , i decided to give them another chance months later but i ordered to go because i did n't want to deal with the attitude , only to get home and see the wrong order ! ! $ 18 for a wrong breakfast..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "since it is near my house and i love pupusas , i tried this place and my friend yelp ! this place for their delicious food . the food was amazing ! was big , very tasteful and very friendly customers service !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everytime i come to vegas , i have to come eat here . pupusas are yummy . love the beans with fried bananas & cream . nice staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best pupusas in town . i do n't like pupusas from restaurants bc they do n't taste authentic . this place is a jem in vegas . by far the best pupusas i 've had besides my grandma 's . the girls in there do n't speak english , but they do check up on you all time . this place makes me forget that i 'm actually in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love their authentic salvadorian food . only bad thing is when you order to go they give you a smaller portion than what they would serve you there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a must go if you 're looking for delicious pupusas and other salvadoran or mexican dishes . the bean and cheese pupusas are great plain , no sauce or salsa needed . i always get three carne tacos and 2 bean and cheese pupusas and i am stuffed . i have never been dissatisfied with their food or service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best salvadorean restaurant in the eastside of vegas . i am salvadorean so its pretty hard to find a restaurant that does excellent salvadorean food that tastes as close as home.. its a very small place and it gets busy on a sunday morning but the food is very cheap and delicious . they have karaoke saturday and sunday night so it loud in there and some waitresses are a little rude..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the hot food his the spot on really cold day ! i was drawn in by $ .99 soup offer . so the chili was a great choice . decent amount of ground beef and beans , well seasoned just a bit of a bite . the cup of soup is a little steep at $ 1.79 for about 4-5 oz size . the black angus steak sandwich is well flavored abd cheese had nice brown taste to it ! fresh bread helps too . the portions are a little small for the price . the service was really quick . everything was the way it should have been . both employees worked to get a like of people in and out . this is a good dip but you really want to use a coupon to make it a deal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i prefer quiznos over subway and jimmy johns . subs come out nice and toasted and they have more toppings , sauces , etc . i also like the pickle pepper bar . staff here is really nice . only down side is there is not a lot of dining space and it can get crowded around lunch . sucks there 's only 2 shops in the cleveland area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ca n't complain about this one , is a good alternative to subway . it 's also the only one around brookpark and i hope they do n't forget that and close it down . it is not as cheap as subway but you do get better tasting subs and quality food . people there have always been nice as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they make a really good sandwich , i had a chicken something . the service was fast and the price was fair . this location is tidy and the employees were friendly enough even during a busy lunch rush . it 's a real shame that corporate greed forced so many of the franchisees out of business . ( one poor guy was so distraught he killed himself in his restaurant 's bathroom according to a forbes story . ) it 's a minimum 15 minute drive for me to get to this location and that 's just not gon na be a regular thing for me , but maybe if i 'm in the area again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great subs and service . always a pleasant experience . dining area is smaller than most but accommodating enough if you want to eat-in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my least favorite worldmarks properties in las vegas stay here last night to be close to the strip to avoid driving across town to get home . end up going down town which was 20 mins away from them spencer location . any way the first room we got the heat did n't work , alright cool but we where on the bottom floor and from the time we check in till around 10pm ( when we switch rooms ) it was non stop nose from above us . so we go into 202 no nose above us . however this room is right next to the street so when we get back to the room around 4am until now 9:37 nothing but nose none stop . i did always wanted to check this place out now i know .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "paper thin walls so do n't get first floor . it 's just a renovated apartment building and rooms seemed small . 10 year old 25 '' crt televisions . pool cold for kids . pros : nicest staff of any hotel i 've stayed at .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have stayed here several times and always had a great time . i like this place just as much as the new worldmark on lv blvd . the staff is nice and they never give you the run around . everything works great and parking is no problem . i like the location of this resort better than the newer one . just shoot straight down flamingo road and you 're in the middle of the strip . much better location . also right down the street within walking distance is unlv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not one of the better worldmarks imo , mostly due to i didnt like where they put the toilet , if you are claustrophobic you probably want to let them know , i have a pic of the toilet that is in a closet- that was weird design ! it was one of the smaller ones we 've been to , but i also think it was one of their first properties , and older ones- next time were in vegas probably gon na try one of the other 2 properties they have . this is the 3rd time we have stayed here . that being said , its real close to the strip , they do have a shuttle to the strip as well , but be warned , last one departs at 11:15 so if you messed it , you will have to find another way to your room . they do seem to have a nice pool , and a table so you can play chess on . and of course there are other things to do here then play the slots or table games .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my boyfriend , a his friend and i spent the weekend here for edc ( we are not big party animals we just like the music ) . we arrived thursday and checked out friday . we like that it 's like a mini apartment and it 's close to grocery stores and restaurants and about 10 mins from the strip . there were others that we staying near us that were going to edc and i was surprised that it was n't a bunch of loud noise or anything . we liked going to the grocery store so we would have to keep eating out . we liked the pool and the free shuttle to the harrah 's hotel . they also would give us a call to see how we were doing in our room and if things were going okay . we would definitely stay here again when we come back to vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stayed here for a week during edc . we defin loved the fact it was near the strip but there was tons of things nearby like an albertsons and tons of fast food joints . regular prices like home . the employees were very nice and friendly . the property itself it nice to since theres a pool and bbq area . i had to take one star off since there were some things in our property that was outdated or not working correctly . other than that we would return again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my 4 friends and i used my sister 's timeshare here and it was awesome . it was very spacious , nice , modern , clean . and the receptionist gave us a free 1 night use of wifi . hehe . also , i broke my fibula during a little road trip around nv , utah , and az.. and they accommodated me very last minute in switching to a first floor room rather than an upstairs room . thanks worldmark ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! i like how quiet it is and how friendly everyone is . have been coming here for over 10 years . edna is amazing so friendly and has always treated us like family . i have stayed at the other two locations but by far this is my favorite . if you want a nice quiet place to relax with a home away from home feeling this is your place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend booked me a weekend here and it was great ! much quieter then the other 2 properties ! less kids , so we could actually enjoy the pool and relax . the staff is great and was very helpful ! this would be my # 1 choice of the resorts to visit ! thank you for such a great weekend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice job on the fill for the acrylic nails and very quick . but the tech left for 20 min in the middle of my appointment with no explanation . none of the other techs looked in on me to step in or finish up while she was gone . i could have been finished by the time she got back . the nail art here is not good . if you 're looking for a fill and polish you 'll be fine . but the nail art and service are seriously lacking .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awe , now this bar is what vacay is all about . a circular bar next to the pool with a tiki look and feel . this is the perfect bar when looking for refuge from the sun and heat . they have misters all around and blissful drinks . the bartenders are pretty cool . not too many people here so there is plenty of elbow room . although , there is not much seating here and not good for hanging in groups . they have flat screens too if you are trying to catch a game . but really it 's all about grabbing a big drink and taking back over to the pool .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has to be one of my favorite bars on earth . you are in paradise , with the best tropical pool and relaxing atmosphere in vegas . my go to drinks here are always the mai tais , and the cadillac margarita , yes they are pricey but made to perfection , stiff , and delicious . great atmosphere . i see a lot of people also drinking pina coladas . i love the dolphin bar ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best blended drinks ever ! ! ! ! the strawberry daiquiri and pi\u00f1a colada were the perfect amount of sweet and made just right to give you a nice buzz . the bartenders were really friendly and fun- plus it 's even nicer cause you can take the drinks into the pool .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "poolside service always comes at a price , but $ 54 for two 30oz mixers drinks ? a little crazy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "friendly bartender while we were here over 4th of july weekend . the drinks were top notch ! pina coladas and frozen margaritas , in particular - amazing ! just like being in maui or mexico . the drink prices are extremely expensive , but that is par for the course on the vegas strip . we did n't hang out here ( we just carried the drinks back to our pool chairs ) , but it would be a fun place to hang out , as there are tvs , comfy seating , and the whole bar has a cute , circular , caribbean hut-like atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pricey yes but i have to say the cucumber cooler is worth it ! so tasty and refreshing , it is not super sweet and so different . i tried it with ketel one and had my socks knocked off . the bartenders are super nice and attentive . the chips and guac also hit the spot . ca n't wait to return to paradise , love the mirage pool area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this weekend i stayed at the mirage . we spent our afternoon at the pool on sunday . i got one drink atvthe dolphon bar and ordered chicken fingers and a soda for lunch . when i got home on wednesday i noticed i had two charges on my account that i had no idea what they were . one for $ 54 that was reversed and one for $ 62 that was not reversed . ( both from the bar ) i called the accounting department immediately and asked for a copy of the $ 62 receipt , which she did sent . apparently there were several drinks ( two frozen drinks and 3 beers charged to my card ) none of these drinks i ordered of course as i am not a beer drinker ! someone better rake care of this ! ! ! ! ! ! this is a hotel i will never stay at again or a bar i will never go to again as well . nice customer service ! if i could give zero stars i would ... im disgusted !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these guys wasted two hours of my life i 'll never get back . they call you with high pressure sales tactics and try to sell you $ 1700 mo seo . several times during the call the sales rep excused the noise in the background , `` because the google ceos are here celebrating with us '' . what a load of bull . they kept me on the phone for 45 minutes and when i declined ( since joined a local seo company that is $ 500 mo and more effective ) , they called me over ten times , leaving voicemail and emails . lay off !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "outrank delivers great results for our business . a steady stream of qualified calls , highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm adding to my previous review because i noticed that 70 ! ! ! ! yelper 's landed in the `` not recommended reviews '' pile and mine was one of them . so that means they have 5 or 6 `` recommended reviews '' but 70 of us ca n't be trusted . my hope is that enough people have noticed that and saved themselves time and money but not signing on with this company that essentially scams people . i laughed the other day when the sales rep who had tricked me into signing on with rogers asked for a linkedin connection . she is now working with a rogers outrank competitor and probably thought i had forgotten what a scumbag she is . anyways , my opinion remains the same - if you 're looking for seo adwords management this is not the right company . i learned the hard way that good seo takes time and good content . there are better companies that will help get this done .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "das steak-restaurant montero hat im september 2009 in stuttgart-sch\u00f6nberg er\u00f6ffnet und ist eine echte bereicherung f\u00fcr den s\u00fcden stuttgarts . erstaunlich , was man aus der sportlerkneipe des tsv birkach zaubern konnte ! sch\u00f6ne steakhaus-atmosph\u00e4re , gem\u00fctlich dunkel ( lederst\u00fchle , dunkle tische , z. t. t\u00e4felung ) , aber dennoch modern , fast ein wenig stylish ! service tadellos , zuvorkommend , freundlich . wir haben sogar einen schnaps auf kosten des hauses bekommen . und das essen : sehr gutes fleisch von s\u00fcdamerikanischen rindern , genau richtig gegrillt . dazu leckere kartoffelecken . auch der baked potato am nebentisch sah gut aus , ebenso der gemischte salat und der beilagenspinat . und das erstaunliche : sehr humane preise ( z . b . 180 gr-steak f\u00fcr 11 eur ) . au\u00dferdem auf der speisekarte : fisch und meeresgetier , vegetarisches , sogar maultaschen und ein paar weitere schw\u00e4bische zugest\u00e4ndnisse . gro\u00dfe sonnenterrasse , sch\u00f6ner spielplatz f\u00fcr kinder , ausreichend parkpl\u00e4tze vor dem haus . sogar eine kegelbahn gibt es . f\u00fcr gruppen l\u00e4sst sich ein teil des restaurants abteilen . absolut empfehlenswert ! fr\u00fcher im ramsbachtal , noch fr\u00fcher da franco", "score": "4"}
{"review": "garantiert das beste steakhouse in ganz stuttgart , in passendem ambiente mit argentinischem flair ! mir w\u00e4re bisher auch kein steakhouse bekannt , das dem montero kulinarisch auch nur ann\u00e4hernd das wasser reichen k\u00f6nnte ! das ist argentinische k\u00fcche auf h\u00f6chstniveau ! wie wir bedauerlicherweise erfahren haben , hat der verp\u00e4chter den vertrag mit dem montero nicht mehr verl\u00e4ngert , nachdem sich dessen betreiber zu recht geweigert haben , ihr konzept der argentinischen k\u00fcche \u00fcber den haufen zu werfen , um ab sofort nur noch einfache schw\u00e4bische hausmannskost ( schnitzel und maultaschen ) anzubieten . argentinische k\u00fcche auf h\u00f6chstniveau , pr\u00e4sentiert in wundersch\u00f6nem , stilvollem ambiente , scheint nicht im interesse des verp\u00e4chters gewesen zu sein , dieser will dort angeblich wieder eine sch\u00e4bige clubgastst\u00e4tte auf einfachstem schw\u00e4bischen niveau er\u00f6ffnen . wir bedauern diese entscheidung sehr und werden dort mit sicherheit auch in zukunft nicht essen gehen , sondern stattdessen hin und wieder durchaus den langen weg nach ludwigsburg in die aspergerstr . 12 auf uns nehmen , wo das montero neuer\u00f6ffnet hat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "die qualit\u00e4t des essens ist wirklich hervorragend . der service schnell und freundlich . das preisleistungsverh\u00e4ltnis stimmt . weiter so . ich komme gerne wieder .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "es ist schon eine weile her seit wir im mon tero waren . auch wir hatten einen gutschein von groupon oder dailydeal f\u00fcr steaks mit beilagen . man kann wirklich sagen : vereinsheim von au\u00dfen nicht wirklich einladend , aber innen sehr liebevoll zu einem sch\u00f6nen steakhouse-restaurant umgebaut . leider ist der gastraum sehr ausladend und wirkt schnell ungem\u00fctlich , wenn nicht viele g\u00e4ste da sind das essen war super v.a . f\u00fcr den preis . die regul\u00e4re speisekarte klingt ansprechend und weist saisonbedingte sepzialit\u00e4ten aus . die preise sind f\u00fcr die qualit\u00e4t fair . die bedienung war unaufdringlich , jedoch aufmerksam . das ambiente ist gem\u00fctlich , nicht zu lachs aber auch nicht zu steif . wir kommen bestimmt wieder", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had a tough time finding steak around this area that compares with what i 'm used to having back home . finally found one ! it can be a bit on the pricy side , but that 's to be expected for a place like this . when i 'm looking to go out for steak , i 'll be going here from now on ! fyi - its off the beaten path on the edge of a neighborhood where you would least expect to find a restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wurden durch einen aktions-flyer auf das steakrestaurant montero in stuttgart sch\u00f6nberg aufmerksam . wir nahmen die einladung auf ein glas prosecco am sa. ( 06.11.10 . ) an . hatten einen tollen abend freundliches personal , stimmiges ambiente , frisches argentinisches rindfleisch auf den punkt gegrillt . kleines minus man sollte immer bargeld dabei haben , leider kreditzahlung nicht m\u00f6glich aber daf\u00fcr haben die preise ein dickes plus verdient . wir werden nicht mehr in die stadt fahren . ein echter geheim-tipp .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "war mit einem dailydeal gutrschin rund 50km weit mit meiner frau angereist . muss sagen , es hat sich wirklich gelohnt . argentinisches steak , auf den punkt gegrillt ! so mu\u00df es sein ! beilagenteller sehr vielf\u00e4ltig , mit gem\u00fcse und auch noch einen knackigen salatteller dazu . sehr freundliches personal , hat immer wieder um einen gek\u00fcmmert , aber nicht aufdringlich ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "steak ( englisch ) und steak ( medium ) waren perfekt . die beilagen sind relativ klein vor allem die kr\u00e4uterbutter . das restaurant kann trotz liebevoller gestaltung und ausstattung seine ursprung als vereins-gastst\u00e4tte leider nicht ganz verbergen . daf\u00fcr hat man aber sehr viel platz zwischen den tischen . wichtige info : nur barzahlung m\u00f6glich !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ich wurde durch die seite dailydeal auf dieses restaurant aufmerksam . zum essen gabe es ein argentinisches steak mit salatb\u00fcffet und beilage . da wir zu viert waren , hatte uns der kellner angeboten einen gro\u00dfen beilagenteller zu machen . das war echt eine super idee . viel auswahl und auch vollkommen ausreichen . wir sind definitiv ohne hunger aus dem restaurant rausgegangen und haben einen sch\u00f6nen abend verbracht , mit sehr nettem personal . das essen war echt super und das steak war so wie es sein muss . nur zu empfehlen und auf jeden fall ein besuch wert ; - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bin \u00fcber eine empfehlung auf das restaurant aufmerksam geworden . habe dann im internet einen gutschein f\u00fcr 20eur anstatt 45eur f\u00fcr zwei personen steak mit beilage gefunden und bin dann gestern miit nem kumple da essen gegangen . also muss sagen , war voll auf zufrieden , es gab gute parkm\u00f6glichkeiten , was ich pers\u00f6nlich sehr wichtig finde , da ich echt kein bock hab da ewig zu suchen oder zu laufen . das ambiente was auch angemessen , also sch\u00f6ne dekoration und so im s\u00fcd-amerika stil , neue m\u00f6bel usw . zur vorspeise gab es ein \u00fcppiges salatbuffet , mit vielen salten unter anderen auch rukula und kartoffelsalat . die steaks mit beilage waren rie\u00dfig und wie ich finde perfekt gebraten . sie waren sehr gro\u00df und das fleisch war zart und saftig . meine beilage , ich glaube es waren so dickere pommes , war ok. ich h\u00e4tte sie lieber etwas knuspriger gehabt . die bedienung war sehr freundlich . alles in allem ein sehr sch\u00f6nes und gutes steak restaurant welches auf jeden fall ein geheimtipp hier in der umgebung ist . also wir werden sicherlich noch \u00f6fters hin gehen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wir waren gestern mit einem daily gutschein da und waren sehr positiv \u00fcberrascht.das steak war sehr lecker , auch die beilagen.der service war auch sehr nett.wir werden auf jeden fall wiederkommen . wir waren rundum zufrieden .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wir waren zu viert mit einem daily gutschein zum fleischessen . das huftsteak war sehr gut und perfekt gegrillt ( metro-ware ) . die vorspeisenplatte war variantenreich , reichlich und lecker . freundlicher service - nicht immer der schnellste , aber sehr zuvorkommend . das steakhouse gibt es seit 2009 dort und wir kommen sicher wieder .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "how wonderful to find a plumbing service that is honest , reasonable and completely trustworthy . i will never use anyone else . they arrived on time , had everything that was needed and the hot water heater was installed and up to code in no time . a wonderful experience . this is a no credit card business so cash check will be necessary . you wo n't be disappointed in the work or the service . peg a .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best plumber i 've ever hired . chris is prompt , honest , reasonably priced , and thorough . i had him replace our water heater and not only was he less than one half the price of every other plumber i spoke to , he replaced old water lines at no additional charge . he also told us about the anoid rod inside all water heaters that help protect the metal tank , how they work and a maintenance review schedule base on our water quality . highly recommend him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it can be very hard to find reliable and honest contractors in las vegas . i consider myself so lucky to have found chris halo plumbing . i have called on him many times over the years . he is professional , honest , punctual and his prices are very fair ( really good ) . put this number in your phone for the next time you need a plumber . you will be so glad you did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we thought home water filtration system installed would be a nightmare , it was n't . we called saturday and they came right over gave us a quote and were back on monday for installation . daren and alex were great , they installed the system in less than two hours , and made sure we were satisfied and went over the equipment . we are extremely pleased from start to finish . they confirm appointments and will text you when they are about to come .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chris , the owner of halo plumbing , was wonderful . he was prompt , professional , friendly and patient while dealing with a difficult problem . he stuck with it and finished everything to our complete satisfaction . his prices were very reasonable . we will definitley use halo plumbing in the future and highly recommend him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cynthia did a great job at a fair price . i had several pants hemmed , 1 taken in , and a special request to repair a jacket . the items were ready within 24 hours . the facility was clean and orderly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cynthia is my guardian angel ! it was a last minute decision to go to my company 's holiday party . formal attire is a must for men . i 'm a big dude and people my size know you ca n't just walk into a men 's warehouse and get a suit . cynthia went out of her way to find a store locally that carried my size . she called me and let me know she had found one locally . i purchased it and she did her magic . she did an amazing job tailoring the suit to my body . i had no idea i could look that good lol . even though she had a lot of clients , the time she took on me made me feel like she was really taking care of me . she turned what would 've been a painful experience into a hassle -free and stress-free one . thank you so much cynthia !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is incredible . professional , quick , and well-priced . i lost a lot of weight ( almost 50 pounds ) and chose to have my suits tailored instead of replacing them . cynthia is so knowledgeable it 's like having your own personal tailor . so far , i 've had four suits tailored and plan on having several more done as well . the quality is more than outstanding and i will now only be going to this place to get any tailoring done . do yourself a favor and go here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cynthia was so thoughtful and friendly , and she keeps a very clean shop . she 's personable and does great work . i brought her a surplice for alteration , a complicated job -- which she did perfectly and more promptly than i requested ( by a couple days ) . we 'll definitely be back for all our alteration needs . she also takes cash or plastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cynthia did an amazing job altering my bridesmaid dress for my best friend 's wedding . it was worth my drive from phoenix to mesa . her customer service was great . the quality of her work was exquisite . she was able to take out my dress and hem it beautifully . she was very helpful , reasonably priced and quick turnaround when i was down to the wire . would definitely come back to cynthia if i need alterations in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cynthia was so kind and her work was very good ! i needed a suit tailored quickly for an interview and she finished quickly even though she was very busy . her prices are very fair and i do not have one complaint !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had some buttons sowed on to some pants and shorts and had some pants papers and hemmed it was a good job and a good price i will go back to her", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service . cynthia even gave me her personal cell phone number when i needed a jacket tailored for an interview . she said to call her if i got a call for the interview before the date of pick up and she would rush it . wow ! i got the jacket in time and done very professionally . she took in the shoulder pads and fixed the sleeve length . very reasonably priced . she also hemmed a pair of slacks , which came out just the right length . my husband took his uniform jacket to cynthia and she put on all the patches and replaced the buttons per regulation measurements . excellent work and very professional . cynthia is also very friendly with kids . when i bring my son , she is so nice towards him and asks him questions and laughs with him . i am so happy i found this tailor and i am going to go here for life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cynthia is fantastic ! i brought my dress for a wedding here and it fits perfectly . not only is her work excellent she was so nice and made sure everything was perfect , and a fair price to top it off . this place is a gem ! i 'll recommend her to everyone . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perfect ! i took a blouse in to have it shortened and she had it done the next day . she did a great job and she 's a very nice person . i will definitely go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cynthia does spectacular work ! she altered my mother of the bride dress on short notice . she was able to get my dress done in time for the wedding . she was professional and the dress turned out beautifully ! it was a perfect fit when she was done . i will be taking all my alterations to cynthia from now on . thank you cynthia ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently had several shirts and pants altered by cynthia . these were needed for public performances and had to be done right . i was very impressed that after the work was done i could n't even tell that they were altered and they fit just perfectly . cynthia really made us look great . her service was prompt and professional . i will definitely use her services again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "she made me look like i was supposed to look . i brought in a suit jacket i purchased off the rack . after cynthia , i felt and looked 100 % better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cynthia did a wonderful job on my mother of the bride dress - a very difficult task and it looks gorgeous ! ! cynthia was very helpful and genuinely wanted to do the best job possible . price was truly phenomenal ! ! and highest quality ! love her and will be back with friends and family ! i just left cynthia 's with a perfect alteration for my daughters wedding dress ! last minute perfection at a fair price . bless her heart . we are sending her pics from the wedding !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very happily surprised when she offered to do a simple alteration right away . in and out in about 10 minutes , without having to come back and pick it up . way to go above and beyond when you can .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cynthia 's work is impeccable ! she altered my husbands suit , which included shortening the jacket , shortening the sleeves , taking in the pants , and shortening the pants . she also altered my wedding dress , removing the zipper and replacing it with a corset lace back . the dress is heavily beaded , on a poly fabric with lycra which is horrible to work with if you know anything about sewing . both items were done a day a head of schedule and turned out perfectly . her pricing is extremely reasonable , and as mentioned her workmanship is top notch . i would not hesitate to recommend her to anyone needing alterations from a simple pant hem to complicated suit or wedding dress alterations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cynthia was absolutely phenomenal , i needed my work uniform stitched up the day before i had to be on a plane to new york and not only did she beat out the prices of any tailoring shop within 10 miles she did it with a huge smile on her face and an amazing sense of humor ! to top it all off , my uniform came out better than when i received it brand new ! i will always come here should i need tailoring services and i will always give cynthia an amazing recommendation . great job cynthia , you 've earned a lifetime customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cynthia is amazing ! she 's helped me shorten the sleeves on a work blazer , hem a pair of slacks , and she has taken in several of my husband 's suits ! she was even able to save his favorite suit from a hole that i thought called for a definite retirement . she has reasonable prices and a nice location , but most importantly she does excellent work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have had tailoring done to hem pants -- work was expertly done . she seems to take great pride in doing the work perfectly . my only complaint is that she only takes cash but says she is working on getting set up to take credit cards . her work is top notch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing seamstress ! great work cynthia ! thanks so much for tailoring my uniform to perfection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cynthia does an awesome job ! my husband had six suits and jackets to alter after losing weight and had n't worn them for ages . now they 're all ready to wear again . i highly recommend her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "custom tailoring by cynthia is one of those gems that you rarely find in business today ... great work with excellent customer service at a fair price . cynthia has a passion for tailoring and it shows in her work . i brought in 2 pairs of pants . one pair just needed to be hemmed . the other pair needed to be taken in at the waist , seat , and along the entire length of the leg . i needed the hemmed pants the next day and was planning on heading out of town so we planned to have me pick up the second pair in a week , when i returned . she had them both finished when i came in the next day . i was worried the second pair would n't look good since there was so much material to take in , but they looked like they were made to fit ! i wo n't take my tailoring anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a flight attendant and needed my new uniform pieces altered . i have gone to other alteration businesses but did a search on yelp for someone with a really good rating . i noticed cynthia had all 5 star reviews ! ! ! when i went into her business i realized why . she is soooo personable and accommodating with attention to detail in her work ! ! ! i have referred quite a few people to cynthia and will continue to do so in the future . she has earned my business for good ! ! thank you cynthia ! ! ! you are awesome ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cynthia was very helpful , kind , and made quick and high quality alterations for a bridesmaids dress . i am so happy i found a place close to home with reasonable prices and high quality work . i am a short person , so have many dresses , pants , and jackets i will taking to cynthia .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing customer service , great tailoring had six pair of jeans hemmed and taken in . reasonable pricing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very kind , professional and organized tailor ! i took my suit and shirt here and cynthia had it ready in 3 days . amazing quality work and very quick !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have purchased many suits over the years and have had many tailors as well . i 'm so happy that i found this place ! cynthia did an amazing job altering my suits ! i 'll definitely be returning to her for any other future suits blazers that i purchase . very fast and friendly service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to cynthia 's 4 days before a wedding to have a dress altered . after kindly looking at my dress , same day might i add , she was able to fit me in her schedule . my dress was ready on time and looked amazing . the fit was perfect ! she was so helpful in showing me the best way to alter . her work speaks volumes and the good customer service does n't hurt either ! i will return and recommend her to others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cynthia and the quality of her work are great ! been here several times now , i 've sent family and friends as well and they 've all been impressed by her work . it 's great having this store in mesa for us but it 's also worth the drive from neighboring cities .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not listen to any of the reviews on here . this is the most disgusting dirty and gross place i 've ever eaten at . as soon as i walked in i wanted to walk out . but i was starving so i gave it a shot . the pizza is some of the worst i 've seen ever . if you want decent greasy pizza go to pizza gigi 's or north of brooklyn pizza . took 30 mins to get my food , on top of it being horrible . if i could give it negative stars i would .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is pretty good . as far as those small independent pizza joints go this place ai n't half bad . the pizza is reasonably priced , the wings are pretty good , the delivery is usually nice and quick and you can get stuffed crust , which hey , who does n't want a better way to get fat , amirite ? this is by no means your gourmet pizza that comes from a wood burning stone oven and is topped with exotic ingredients , but when you 're craving some of that good , greasy deliciousness in a pie , delivered and for a reasonable price , i recommend you call these guys", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service ! our driver forgot a can of pop and came back to drop off later in the eve ! the wings were amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is pretty much the only pizza place remotely close to the junction with late-night delivery that gives you your fill for a reasonable price . i 'm not saying the food is excellent or even good- it just does it 's job . for less than 30 bucks you can get enough pizza , wings , garlic bread , wedges and pop to feed 4 grown adults . comparable pizza delivery combos come out to at least 20-25 dollars more for similar options- so this place kills it every time . do n't expect exceptional food , but expect to have your hunger keele 'd", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pro : open late with food . cons : shitty service , counter guy made me feel like i 'm bothering him for ordering pizza . taste gross the next day ( i love pizza leftover the next morning ) . would not go back , i rather starve . it 's too bad , i love to support the independent guys in the neighbour but the grumpiness and lack of service is just too appalling for me to support . gave it two starts for it 's corniness with the name and distance to home . that 's all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after waiting an hour and a half for delivery , i had the opportunity to eat the worst pizza in my lifetime ! the pizza barely had any cheese and toppings on it and was really over cooked . i genuinely would prefer a pizza out of the frozen section from the grocery store than pizza from here . i highly do not recommend !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "surprisingly i have n't been into a schlotzsky 's in over 10 years . i was with my dad in the area and we were looking for something quick for lunch so we stopped in . i can say this , jason was amazing , very friendly and humored my father by laughing at his jokes . we both ordered medium turkey bacon clubs on sourdough . the sandwiches were delicious , and the medium was a huge portion . bottom line , i have to start going into schlotzsky 's more often , not a bad sandwich .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was not impressed with my salad . i should have ordered a sandwich , but i thought a salad sounded healthier . i only took a few bites and ended up skipping lunch . meh is right .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am definitely a fan of schlotzsky 's - the odd , round shaped sourdough bread with a slight toasty crunch , with ham , salami , genoa and a blend of 3 melted cheeses with onions , lettuce and tomato - it 's the classic number 1 `` original '' - my favorite . i have been known to try the chipotle chicken , the rueben and the bbq chicken pizza as well - you ca n't go wrong with a sammy or pizza from this place . get the free vip card and save 10 % . the service at this location is typically good and they bring the food to the table quickly . always crowded at lunch . if you have a hankerin ' for something sweet , they offer cinnabon products as well . yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was not impressed with the sandwich i got from here . the drive-thru lady was snippy when i asked questions about the sandwiches . when i ordered what i thought was a hot turkey sandwich with guac , swiss , and lettuce ... no , that would be too easy . my sandwich had onions , tomatoes , and bacon on it . after taking off the offending extras ( i had since driven off and on the freeway ) , the sandwich was disappointing . soggy , falling apart and flavorless . i have definitely experienced better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been here twice . the first time i got a medium reuben on sourdough . it was very good but seriously so big i could n't finish it . i had also gotten a coffee which was meh . the second time i got a small reuben on rye and the sandwich was still good and very large for a small . the service here has always been quick and kind and if i am ever in the area again will definitely come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has the worst food . especially for what they charge . i ordered a chicken caesar salad , for $ 10 . let me tell you this was in no way a $ 10 salad . for this price , i would expect roasted or grilled chicken . but what i got was rubbery chicken slices - the kind with added water , fillers and preservatives . it was disgusting . i returned the salad , and was offered a replacement . i ordered a turkey sandwich - and yet again - low quality , rubbery , tasteless , thin meat . a totally bland half sandwich with a half plain salad for $ 9.50 . no drink in this combo . this `` deli '' is a ripoff corporate chain who cuts corners and compromises quality . i would not recommend it to anyone . i do love that they offer cinnabon tho , so i 'll add a star .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i like this place . their pastrami sandwich is pretty good . we also had a salad ( chicken walnut , i believe ) , which was delicious . the bread is huge . if you like cinnabon , that is there as well . i would not get pizza at a place called schlotzsky 's deli . just saying . stick to the deli meats .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i havnt been to schlotskys in a while and i have certainly missed out . tasty food with fresh ingredients was to be expected of , but they have truly evolved as a deli and should be called super schlotskys . i ordered a chipotle chicken on flatbread that was as quik as fast food and restaurant quality . before i even made it to the bathroom jyntel saw me walk past and brought the key to me without me having to ask for it . she made sure that she greeted us and bid us farewell while she was helping other customers.her friendly demeanor and allstar service are just a few reasons why i 'll go back and and try some more of their new menu choices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last time i went there , they doubled my order on accident and charged me for it . they ended up correctly it , just annoying . today i asked for a cup of soup , charged me for a bowl and gave me a cup . on top of that , they forgot the au jus with the sandwich . get it together !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "took in a free cinnibon coupon i had received from the cinnibon club . turns out they 're only good for the mall locations ( do those even exist anymore ? ? ) and the coupon says absolutely nothing to that affect . schlotzky 's owner graciously stepped in when i was turned down ( cashier was very pleasant and doing her job ) and honored the coupon ( at fully his expense ) . such a nice change of pace , knowing most places point to corporate protocol with nothing more than a shrug . awesome customer service , not only will i continue to take my business there , i will recommend this location specifically to others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visit this restaurant occasionally and the sandwiches are great but service and cleaniness are subpar . the tables are frequently dirty and trashcans overflowing . the service at times is almost nonexistent , and when extra condiments ( i.e . salt pepper ) are requested , the employees ' demeanor is definitely not friendly but more of an inconvenience . evidently this type of service is acceptable and consistent with corporate policy as complaints service surveys are ignored even when you ask for a representative to contact you .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went to schlotzsky 's in texas ... and in vegas . and it was amazing . what happened ? ! the bread was gross , the sandwich barely had any meat in it and was totally overpriced . i 'm totally confused -- what happened to the amazing bread and the piled high sandwich i had ? not to mention -- once a year i get a cinnabon cinnamon bun . they sell them here . great , right ? no ! it was lukewarm and dry ! i feel guilty putting those calories into my body -- if you 're going to eat something sooooo sooooo bad , at least you should be able to enjoy it . the girl at the counter had like zero personality ... but i would 've given the food a 1 star , anyways . i 'd rather take the hit-or-miss gandalfo 's !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "always quick service and very pleasant employees . the menu has a decent variety of sandwiches and pizza options . great place for lunch or dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "waited 19 minutes for a sandwich for lunch ... ... . lunch ! ! ! ! ! i only have a small time frame available ... i wo n't be returning for a very long time ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i came here for a breakfast stop on the way to the airport . i got the egg and avocado sandwich . it was very mediocre but it did the trick . the staff is n't very friendly early in the morning and did n't have much patience for someone who has n't been there before . if i was in a hurry and needed something quick i 'd come back but not excited about trying anything else .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had n't stopped at a schlotzsky 's in years . we were n't quite sure what to order but stuck with a normal favorite of ours , the french dip on pretzel bread . what 's pretzel bread ? we did n't know but tried it anyway . pretzel bread is good and the sandwich along with the au jus was great . we also ordered a bowl of chicken and dumpling soup . i thought it was a-ok but my husband hated it . he did n't think it tasted like good chicken broth . servers were 50-50 . some were friendly and a couple others were sour . where 's the smile and where 's the attitude ? anyway , we 'd go back and try another sandwich again and maybe a different soup . we will see .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have loved schlotsky 's since first discovering them in bloomington , illinois . this particular location in tempe being connected to a cinnabon is like a wonderful mix of greatness . a little sweet with your sourdough . : ) for a chain restaurant , they are unique and my top choice when really craving a deli sandwich . ( which currently being pregnant , i have craved quite regularly ! ! ! ) subway , jimmy john 's and quizno 's all take a backseat to schlotsky 's , in my humble opinion . i just wish there were more of them . have n't found any where i live now in washington , so it was a must to hit up this schlotsky 's while in tempe on business . today was my second visit in a week and likely not my last as i 'm still here another week . original and smoked turkey breast , both on sourdough , are my go-to 's and never disappointed . also , both visits in tempe were made through drive thru - service was very fast , friendly , and my order was exactly as i expected .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the restaurant itself is really nice , with lots of comfy seating and warm inviting interior , and they have a coca cola freestyle machine . the sandwiches themselves are really tasty . unfortunately , my order was completely wrong when i ordered my sandwich to go . i had ordered the caprese veggie sandwich , but when i got home and opened the wrapping i had gotten something on ciabatta bread , but with some ham and salami instead . good thing i 'm not vegetarian ! unfortunately , by the time we got back home the restaurant was already closed so we could n't call them to address the issue . looking at the receipt , it 's a fault of the kitchen and not the cashier since she rang up the order correctly . so if you eat here , it might be better to eat in so they can get your order right if they do n't make it correctly the first time !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the place looks nice and the food came out pretty quick . looking at the menu , the selection is not much and prices looked comparable to places that had better food and selections . it does n't taste bad and service is ok . if you are looking something convenient , this might be a good place . although there are only a few locations in the valley so it may not be that convenient after all . lol", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went through the drive thru today and when i got to my office my order was all wrong . i called and talked to the manager , alex . i thought , `` they wo n't do anything , they wo n't care '' , however alex blew me away . not only did he apologize , he offered to correct the order and deliver it to me at no additional charge ! when it arrived , he 'd added a cinnabon as a bonus . thank you , alex . thank you schlotzsky 's . in a world where there is a lot of focus on the negative , you gave a big positive to me today . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not sure why this schlotsky 's only scores 3 stars . it was great to me and i 've been to many good ones and a bad one . my pizza was really good and my wife 's sandwich was enjoyed just as much .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolute baffoonery ! the competence of the staff makes me want to reverse my stance in support of a better wage for fast food workers . it took about 15 minutes to get my to go order . then , it was wrong , so it took another 10 of waiting to get the correct order . basically that was the case for the people before and after me . i feel super lame for taking the time to write a bad review for a fast-food joint , when a lot of people are starving to death and much bigger issues face humanity , but holy shit - if i was starving , i would probably rather eat my own baby than go back to this schlotsky 's again . ( fyi , i would never seriously eat my own baby . in fact , i would n't eat anyone 's baby . ) p.s . the food was n't terrible . but i 'll probably need a few months of therapy to restore my faith in humanity 's ability to follow simple instruction .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had lunch here today . the sandwich i ordered was very good . i had the pretzel bun sandwich dipper . since it was my first time , i was having a hard time trying to figure out what i wanted . the lady who took my order was very patient with me , i didnt feel like i was being rushed . they have a coke machine that you can make up your own drink if you like that kinda stuff oh and they have cinnabon yumm ! also , when the guy called out my name for my order he just had a big smile on his face when he handed me my food , it was really nice . the only reason why i didnt give it 5 star is because she up charged me when i requested ham instead of bacon on my sandwich . isnt bacon more expensive than ham ? hmmm oh well ... my sandwich was so good i will definitely be back for more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped for food and it has been tasty so far . but went for the pickle and sad to say but wth ? looks like someone got to it first . so sad for me and lack of a pickle .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cold , dried out cinnamon rolls that definitely did not taste fresh even though i stopped by around 730 am ... maybe i need to go to an actual cinnamon ? not worth the calories .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i just moved here from los angeles so i definitely was in search of some good food and friendly people . i had a great experience here and i am definitely making this a spot for myself . i have n't found too many places to rant about but i loved everything about my experience i had to share .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered 1 large and 4 mediums and a bag of chips . girl at window screwed me out of one medium ( found out when i got home ) thats a $ 10 loss ! ! ! what makes matters worse is she had to be asked three times if she got everything and all three times she brought one more thing out . why the hell i did n't count the items makes me pretty stupid but at least not so stupid because i 'm never going there again ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a craving for schlotzsky 's today so went . jentyl was the cashier and was super friendly and was able to offer suggestions which i ended up getting for the hubby , i always get get the original on sourdough . they got new the new drink machine that makes an exorbitant amount of combinations . the cinnabon looked okay and i was going to get one but they did n't look $ 3.49 appetizing . and the one thing i absolutely hate about this place ... the smell when you walk in . it always smells like the sewer backed up when you first enter , have never been in the bathroom .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down , the best sandwiches in the world . i 've been going here for 20+ years and it never changes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time at schlotzsky 's , not too bad ! service could 've been better , for sure . my order taker cashier did n't know how to run the register , which is bad during the lunch rush . he had to call for help , even tho i ordered a standard item off the menu . i got the bacon beefy smoky cheesy sandwich and a drink . nothing too tough , right ? took about 8 minutes to input it-i nearly walked out . glad i did n't tho cuz the bbsc is tasty ! very juicy roast beef and bacon on your choice of bun with smoked cheddar cheese and chipotle mayo . i got the jalape\u00f1o cheddar bun . i will try it again when i have more time and patience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our cashier was extremely rude she send bother just bye our present . was not friendly at all . she made a mistake witch was no big deal but when i corrected her she tossed thr bag of chips at me and didint bring my whole oder out . a girl like this dose not need to be working customer seviers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here about 20 minutes from closing . the guy who took our order could n't have been nicer . you 'd think we were the first customers in the day ; friendly , made a great sandwich ( love the french bread they use ) the restaurant was spotless , btw . keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had more the 25 minutes left before they close , and right off the top was told to take out instead of sitting , i am posting this , so the owners know what there employees r doing", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went here only for a cinnabon . it 's $ 3.45 for one cinnabon so i expected it to be awesome . it was my first time there and my pregnancy craving was going nuts for a cinnabon . i ordered , the no smile , no welcoming feeling of the server ( completely zombified ) boxed up my cinnabon and i went on home . i was so bummed , i opened the box and it is all dry and was a depressed , pathetic little cinnabon . it was so fun eating it , i almsot had to force it down my throat it was so dry ! next time , i am going to go to ikea to get a cinnamon roll where it is huge , only costs $ 1.. warm , ooey gooey with icing and loaded calories and is like christmas morning in my mouth..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "3 stars to be fair cuz usually 5 stars but once 1star - ill explain . they cut my sandwich in half and right down the middle was a dead fly cut in half . half a fly on either side . then i politely asked for a refund not trying to make a scene , also grossed out a bit . they gave me $ 6 store credit . which isnt enough for anything there . it was funny really . but weird and unlikely", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great customer . michael , our order taker , was very attentive and got our order correct . our food was brought to our table with napkins . excellent service and the food is consistently good . great job and highly recommended . i have gave 4 starts because one order was questioned and the cook was defensive in her response . other than that . good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good food definitely worth checking out . had a pastrami that was best i 've had in the area . if you ca n't go to a traditional deli , check this place out", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food does not taste good ... has a plastic aftertaste , overpriced .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here with a coupon the other day . bogo pizza . the pizza was good . not too many choices , but ca n't go wrong with pepperoni and cheese . the service was good - welcomed with a smile , said thanks for coming when we left . they do have a coke machine and they offer cinnabuns which is cool . i 've heard there sandwiches are n't good , but ca n't confirm ( i did n't take my chances ) . the bread choices seemed odd . biggest downfall was price . i would not go back and pay $ 6.99 for a small , thin crust pizza with one topping . i will also not go back and pay $ 4 for a small cinnamon roll ( although it is tempting ) . without a coupon i can think of a dozen other places i 'd rather go where i 'd get even more for my $ .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the sausage flatbread is horrible . and they ration napkins . disaster .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "impressed that management follows up ! following my previous review , the management went out of their way to understand what the issue with the customer service , and to take corrective action . clearly a company that takes its customers seriously .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just a bad experience . like ... really bad . zero customer service and it was n't even busy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is lotz better then any other sandwich place . maggie makes the best sandwiches ever !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my lunch today was delicious ! the spicy chicken is worth every penny ! jalape\u00f1o bread , thin slices of chicken , black olives , and other bits of yumminess ! i will definitely come here again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to schlozskys for lunch because it was a free sandwich for my birthday ! ! so with that said it was the best sandwich ever ! ! ! haha i had the chipotle chicken on jalapeno bread , it was very delish ! ! i have never had a bad experience with schlotzkys ! i am a fan !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here for the cinnabon because it would appear i can get some of my favorite rolls outside of the mall finally . being a previous cinnabon employee , i know what a real cinnamon roll from cinnabon tastes like and what to expect in the perfect roll . sadly , the rolls here were just par-rated . i guess i expect too much from cinnabon now , but i really wish schlotzsky 's would hire employees solely for the cinnabon side of them so i know for certain they are made with as much love as necessary .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was so grossed out eating here ! the entire place was dirty ... they 're doing some remodeling , but no excuse ! the drink area was gross , most of the tables were dirty , the cashier obviously hates her job ... i very rarely write a bad review but i wanted someone else to be warned before they come to this restaurant ! ! they need someone from corporate to come evaluate it and clean it up ! even the bathroom was worse than a ghetto gas station . i will not be returning to this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "broccoli cheddar soup is to die for ! albuquerque sandwich is the best , clean restaurant and they just upgraded the soda machines", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we eat here a lot because its so close to our house , but we also love the sandwiches and the employees . gita and tim are so friendly and always remember us . you can save money by filling out the survey at the end of your receipt", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what to try ? ? order their signature dishes - curry beef brisket and rice combo , and sweet and sour pork ! ! they are known for their curry beef brisket for being very tasty and juicy . if you 're up for some curry , then give macy 's a try ! their sweet and sour pork is also well known because they 're known to fry their pork fresh and drizzled with the sweet and sour pork . a lot of pineapple and green peppers too ! last tip ? their dishes are generally done well and the price is reasonable . you can come here as late as 10 pm and still expect great service and great food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely one of the consistent performers of cantonese cuisine in mississauga ! even if they 're a couple of dollars more , there 's a reason they 've been one of the longest restaurants in town . you can always trust the service and quality of food here . they 've earned the trust of many locals - and our loyalty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3-3.5 macey 's is an old school canto diner and institution in the city . shutdowns ca n't even keep this place closed . interior , including the well-worn menus , have remained the same . waitresses have been here for decades . food : the free porky soup was flavourful . canto chow mein did not arrive piping hot , but all the ingredients were there . shrimp was a tad bit off , but edible . and portuguese baked rice - more like a very coconut milk-based , mild curry - lacked salt , but was fine . service is no fuss and efficient . food arrives at lightening speed . you 're in and out for a quick meal . show up in your fanciest jogging pants . this place is for people who do n't like change , same old , same old .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i always come here with my family . everything is very cheap and taste ok. my favourites are beef brisket flat rice noodle in soup pan fried turnip cake chinese style chow mien with pork hk style milk tea", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we have been frequenting macey 's for over 10 years . the quality of food is consistent , the waitresses friendly , and it 's generally a good place to go if you want all-around good chinese food . i believe the style of food is akin to that in a typical hong kong restaurant . you wo n't find peking duck or shark 's fin soup here , but you will find congee , noodles , fried rice , and the like . the service is usually prompt and efficient , but i 've been there on friday nights when it 's been really slow . maybe they need to hire more chefs . the place is definitely pretty packed on weekends !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food here is a bit confusing - some days its great , some days it 's off . but the one thing i 've never been to happy with here is how crowded it is . really really crowded . like sardines crowded . like if there 's any emergency , i 'd be fearing for my life and for my baby 's life . the speciality dishes here are the winter melon soup and the sticky rice stuffed in a chicken ( loh mai gae ) - both you need to order in advance when you make a reservation . the first time we had the rice it was delicious - crispy chicken skin with succulent chicken ! the second time it was greasy and the chicken was barely there . the owner mabel is a sweet lady who ensures the guests are happy , but i feel as if this place has grown far too big that the quality has started going downhill . who knows , maybe the next time it 'll be great , but then it 'll just affirm my belief that it 's up and down ! what a predicament !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so maybe my taste has gotten a lot better or a lot worse since i was little but i used to love this place , or it 's possible that the food has gotten worse . maybe it 's because the food has improved in mississauga too . i ordered the egg white with shrimp on rice about two months ago and this was just after they were closed for a while and re-launched ( i think ) . what i did n't like about it was that there were egg shells in the food and since my place is about a 10 minute drive , i did n't bother complaining about it , but shells in the food is not acceptable . i want to give it another try , but the meal was so horrendous and i 'm that scared and i 'm not usually a person who is faint of heart for trying food . i would give it one star , but it gets the additional star because of my past with them . i used to like any of their noodle dishes and their beef ho-fun . ... may give it another try .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was craving for the baked pork chop ( which is a very well known dish in hong kong ) and was wondering where i could go to eat some = ) i just moved to mississauga from scarborough and decided to check out yelp . i ended up going to macey 's . the first think i noticed was that the air conditioning was cranked up . it was freezing in there ! excited , i ordered the baked pork chop from their regular menu . overall it was `` okay '' . the dish looked over cooked , there was only cheese on half the dish and the sauce , which was the more important element of the dish was too salty ( should be sweeter ) . it was n't part of the set lunch menu so the bill came up to about $ 11.00 plus tips . the staff was friendly but the food is just okay . i would n't go back again but at least i tried it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my family has been going to this place for years . it 's not a fancy place but it provides consistent solid lunches at affordable prices . the service and food quality is always the same . fast , cordial , large portions , freshly made , and true authentic hong kong flavours . we often get yeung chow rice , a few noodle dishes , and a big bowl of juhk ( congee ) . it always comes quickly , fresh , and with good amount of meat and vegetables . the snacks ( deep fried bread surrounded by the rice noodle ) are tasty and freshly made . i ca n't complain ! our entire family can be stuffed full for less than $ 30 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visited macey 's with three friends on a friday evening . surprisingly , though the restaurant was packed there was n't a wait . my chinese buddies ordered five dishes , which came out to about $ 15 each with tax & tip . food came quickly , which is always a bonus . quality was good , but nothing special . my favourite dish , noodles w seafood ( kwung tung , but i might be wrong ) was too crispy and lacked the strong flavour it 's known for . definitely a great option for chinese food , but there are better alternatives in the area as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "today we decided for take out lunch on macey 's for beef brisket with veg on rice . today weather is nice to go eating outside to enjoy our lunch but after eating it my tummy starting upset .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after a long search for a restaurant with decent baked rice in portuguese sauce , i am proud to say that this one has the best baked rice ever ! even better than the ones in markham ! other food is very good too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was great . mistake we made was we opted to dine in . i can normally ignore the fact that the dining area was getting dated but there is no excuse for a nasty restroom ,", "score": "3"}
{"review": "comparing prices to other chinese restaurants in the area this place is about 10-15 % higher per dish than the average . but ... ... .portions are massive ! so the value is actually good . really lame looking place but very clean ... everything on the menu has treated me well.. i like the chicken fried rice with the shrimp paste in it . i hear the jook is very good here ... the service is excellent . waiters are very tentative and they actually pack your leftovers . i hate it when some restaurants just throw the boxes and bags on the table for you ... . they been around for long time and you can expect line ups on any give saturday evening .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got take out from here when i was craving hk cafe style food . the portugese chicken rice did n't have much flavour to it and was n't as coconut-y or curry as i 'm used to from other restaurant . the pork chop spaghetti was also underwhelming but ok . the congee was probably the best dish , though lacked the meat seafood . overall it 's a decent place but not fantastic", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good congee and good noodle dishes . alot of people ordered the lemon tea or hk tea . 4 dined for $ 35 , pretty good i say !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my fave noodle house in mississauga . it 's the one noodle house who actually makes quality wontons made of pure shrimp ( no pork ) and are the size of golf balls ! my italian husband even knows how to order in chinese bc he has his absolute favourites here ! dough fritter wrapped in rice noodle ... . unlike other places , the fritter actually remains crunchy within the rice noodle exterior and is accompanied by a nice peanut sauce . the seafood sweet and sour dip for deep fried wonton is delicious ! we 're fans of pretty much every noodle dish . this is a staple for my family ! the last place we eat before going on trips and the first place we go as soon as we get off the plane ! ca n't go wrong for speed and price ! definitely the congee wong of the west side !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got the usual black pepper spaghetti with beef and congee and once again it was great . portions are still pretty good too . service is curt but fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a classic chinese greasy spoon , hk style . my colleague told me about it , and it 's a great place to come for noodles ( i love the xo beef fried noodles ) . the service goes at lightning speed , and i do n't think i 've ever had a bad dish here . prices are n't too expensive either . however , in classic chinese greasy spoon style , beware the heavy usage of msg .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ein kleiner feiner laden , wo man sehr gut speisen kann . wird schnell zubereitet , gut organisiert und schmecken tut es ebenfalls . wer in mississauga was schnell und gut essen m\u00f6chte , einfach in dieses lokal rein ! ist kein vergleich mit ein paar anderen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay overall , nothing special . environment is n't the best , food is decent ( gets the job done ) . it was decently large portions though . split the 2 dishes ( curry beef rice and minced beef vermicelli ) between 3 people . flavour and taste of vermicelli was n't bad - similar to other hk diner places . curry beef rice dish was n't as hot as i preferred , it was served warm ( also be careful , it 's a tad spicy ) . the rice that came along with it was quite big though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "macey 's is definitely one of my favourite chinese restaurants in mississauga ! the food portion for the price you are paying is pretty affordable , especially on weekdays before 3pm , their lunch specials can be a hit for many or a miss for others . the food quality is always consistent and there is always left overs whenever i eat , so i just package it out in a take-out container and take it home for a late snack prepare it for lunch tomorrow ! however , the con side is that everything is written in chinese , so when your bill comes , it 's all in chinese , not even a single english written word . also , you may want to also double check the bill , i was charged extra money on my bill as some prices on my bill were different from the price listed from the menu !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "writing this as a vegetarian : the veggie dishes i had were good , this place is a nice homey neighborhood deal . prices do n't kill you , food is good , and is very accommodating of groups . been coming here for years , food is always good and staff very friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good price , big portion . food is delicious and as good as it can get . love its authenticity . they might not always close at the time advertised though . we have been disappointed to find them closed a couple of times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "used to love going here for the baked chicken on rice in white sauce , but their quality and quantity have both gone down .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "being in the northern part of the charlotte area , it 's great to have lululemon in birkdale . while the space is n't quite as big as south park mall 's location , it still packs in a lot of product & friendly staff . beautiful dark woods & antique looking frames ( name plates on dressing rooms & large , framed mirror by the dressing rooms ) look lovely in the store . there 's a lot of product in neat cubbies & they use the tops of the cubbies for bags & water bottles . the staff there are friendly & welcoming . they 're `` dressed to the nines '' in their lululemon gear & you can tell that they all are into exercising & keeping fit . if you 're aware of the brand , you know they 're pretty pricey . however , their product does wear well & holds up wash after wash . they offer free in-store yoga every saturday & a free running group during the week .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lululemon is perfect for birkdale . i was lucky to catch a yoga session there with april , who rocked . she was n't feeling good but she managed to give a great vinyasa yoga and laugh with everyone . after doing therapeutic and gentle yoga all week , this was a wild card yoga session . the vinyasa flow was for all levels and very energetic . it was nice to go fast and get a little twisted . my favorite part was when april put out the intention that we would all have a joyful yoga workout . what a great way to start yoga . afterwards , she gave me some helpful ideas . overall , i had a fun day shopping and doing yoga at lululemon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "right in the center of town , it is convenient and spacious . we enjoyed ample ale and pub food which was good although service a little slow . i wonder if that is the way it is here in edinburgh ? i tried the haggis balls as an appetizer , was n't quite ready for a whole meal of haggis and they were pretty good : haggis was dipped in batter and fried into little balls . it was odd that they served it with some sweet and sour sauce . i had them plain and they were good that way too ! my friends had the burger and fish and chips and i enjoyed my chicken and mushroom meat pie immensely .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's on high street , so the prices do reflect that , but the food was good quality for what it was ( bar food ) , and the staff were friendly . the bar did have a weird odor to it , but we were able to ignore that and have a quick bite before wandering around in the rain . tables were reasonably clean - but this place is a bar with wooden plank floors so you should expect it to be as is . they sell whiskey flavored condoms in the ladies room , so at least they have a sense of humor about the place , though i do agree the front looks fancier than the inside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been to this place twice , and both experiences were quite good . during week days they offer several meals for only \u00a37 . the first time i went there the place was rather crowded , but still the service was quick . the food was delicious ! my friend and i tried the sausages and the highlands chicken . the second time , we had mac and cheese and haggis . they were very good as well , but this time the service was slower despite the fact that the place was not as full as the first time i went there . if you are on the royal mile looking for a nice , traditional pub to have lunch , this one is definitely worth going . also , they have live music from 9 pm , which i 'm sure is very nice !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you ca n't polish a 2urd ... . this place has recently been refurbished , and i think they have done a good job of making it a prettier bar . logistically the counter is now at the back , so the entrance is more open and welcoming . some nice big tables on either side , and the new d\u00e9cor is what is best described as 'traditional trendy ' random stag 's heads and empty bottles of whisky adorn the walls . it is still a very dark bar as the small windows struggle to get much light in . unfortunately , the service has n't changed , nor have the 'tourist ' based prices . i had a very bland espresso , obviously made from coffee which had been ground prior to the refurbishment as there was absolutely no crema whatsoever . what is the point in having a big fancy espresso machine if you do n't know how to use it ? also had a pint of william 's bros joker from the keg , not cask , which was flat . i do n't want to say anything more", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife were there during the 2015 fringe festival , so everything was really crowded , but we did find a nice table upstairs . we really enjoyed our meal . i had a veggie wellington pie . my wife has the fish and chips . both were really good , and the quantities very large . service was prompt and friendly", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had many pints here during my 9 night stay in edinburgh . bar staff was very friendly and they have great selection of ales . this pub is very popular with locals and tourist . noise level is high , but in good way . everyone was having fun . tried the sea bass for dinner and i would say it was ok. my friends enjoyed their meals more that i did .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went for drinks and appetizers . the service was a little slow , but the waiter was extremely nice . we were given a discount since we are staying at a hostel near by . we got nachos and haggis balls . the nachos had a seasoning on them , which we were n't crazy about , but most people would probably like . our friend liked the haggis balls though . overall it was pretty good , i would go back for a drink- it was pretty low key .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tout simplement le plus vieux pub d'edimbourg ! l'ambiance est absolument canon et \u00e0 faire une fois dans sa vie . les bi\u00e8res sont vraiment top et les prix soutenus . a faire d'urgence !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have to let out a wee lol everytime i look at the royal mile tavern 's webpage . they make it look incredibly fancy , which it is n't really . someone hired a right good photographer that day . these days , you 'll find it nestled underneath some scaffolding , which makes this whole street incredibly unsightly . it 's pretty nice inside , nothing out of the ordinary , but i like it . it is expensive , but then so is everywhere , and this pub seems to have put dibs on the name 'royal mile ' first , so that 's bound to draw in some tourists no bother . the pub has some fine whiskies , wines and ales , as well as a small cocktail menu ( which to be honest , i would steer clear of ... not that great ) i had a lovely glass of red wine , whispering hills i believe it was called , which was really nice . no complaints from me , just another boozer on the mile !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "lunch special for fish and chips and haggis plate was less than \u00a37 for each plate ( bargain by my standards ) . both meals were tasty . the atmosphere was relaxing . would definitely come here again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "t\u00edpico pub ubicado en plena royal mile , donde sirven cenas hasta las 21h y sobre las 22h se puede disfrutar de m\u00fasica en directo todos los d\u00edas de la semana . tienen variedad de cervezas y la comida est\u00e1 muy bien . aqu\u00ed prob\u00e9 por primera vez el famoso haggis y la verdad es que me gust\u00f3 mucho ( el mejor que prob\u00e9 en mi viaje por escocia ) . por lo c\u00e9ntrico de su ubicaci\u00f3n y la calidad de su comida uno podr\u00eda pensar que la cuenta subir\u00eda mucho m\u00e1s de lo que acaba costando . un plato principal ( las raciones son generosas ) y una bebida no supera las \u00a315 . un sitio 100 % recomendable , que adem\u00e1s cuenta con wifi gratis .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best pubs i have gone too ! great people and music , and lots of different ciders and beers to choose from . i wish i could go back for another drink sometime sooner there ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the royal mile tavern fue el elegido para probar en edimburgo los famosos haggis , un plato t\u00edpico escoc\u00e9s de contenido realmente visceral , de aspecto normal , de sabor y textura parecido a la morcilla , pero en general y si haces caso omiso a su contenido , para m\u00ed est\u00e1 buenisimo . este pub esta localizado en una ubicaci\u00f3n excelente , en el centro de la royal mile ; aunque fuimos recomendados , pensamos , sitio tur\u00edstico ... seguro que es caro y su calidad no es para tirar cohetes . nada m\u00e1s all\u00e1 ; su precio , el medio en este tipo de restaurante de la zona , aproximadamente 14 \u20ac un plato principal y una buena pinta . la cantidad y calidad muy buen , hab\u00eda gente local pidiendo el haggis all\u00ed , as\u00ed que eso es buena se\u00f1al . luego pedimos un steak pie , tambi\u00e9n muy bueno , aunque me quedo con el haggis . del local decir que es un pub t\u00edpico escoc\u00e9s , mucha madera y poca luz . la atenci\u00f3n por el personal fue de 10 , explic\u00e1ndonos todas las dudas que nos surg\u00edan .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dieser pub wurde uns von unserer reiseleiterin empfohlen . sehr gute empfehlung ! insbesondere das sehr leckere essen m\u00f6chte ich erw\u00e4hnen . wir hatten den lamm.burger , chicken cesar-salat , haggis und salat mit warmen ziegenk\u00e4se . alles sehr schmackhaft , gute portionen und preislich super . dazu eine erkl\u00e4gliche anzahl lokaler biere und ales . vom ambiente sehr traditionell . alles in dunklem holz , sieht richtig gut aus . ab 22:00 uhr gibt es live-musik , dann ist es sehr voll . positiv : es gibt eine t\u00fcrsteher , der auf den alkoholpegel ankommender g\u00e4ste schaut . es gut , denn wenn man die sachen vollgekotzt bekommt hilft das keinem . und auf der royal mile sind jede menge leute unterwegs , die ihre grenzen nicht kennen . also , dieser pub ist f\u00fcr mich erste wahl auf der royal mile . wir werden wieder kommen , wenn wir wieder kommen . versprochen ! ich hoffe dann jede menge qyper zu treffen , die diesen beitrag gelesen haben !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "want to meet the locals ? the royal mile tavern is your place . definitely number one for friendly bar flys and other regulars , the royal mile also has quite a large area for casual dining . they do good specials like beer and burger ( \u00a35 i think ) . friendly service , plenty of room to move and regular live music make royal mile a good ol ' local .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "large interior that houses : lots of cask ales loquacious bartenders lots of food options drunk scottish old dudes that love barking at me traditional decor fun atmosphere no , i 'm not takin a piss , mate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lots of comments about tourists . i 'm a tourist and enjoyed the place . local flavor and room for everyone . kitchen closes at 2100 like most bars in edinburgh . easy to find and great live music", "score": "4"}
{"review": "exceptional service . they worked very hard to make our experience a good one and you could tell they were very attentive to everyone 's needs . the food was pretty good . we ordered the fried brie cheese as a starter and it was very tasty . the chicken & i mushroom pie was good . pricing is fair and atmosphere is nice . i would probably give this place 3 starts on food alone , but the service earned them the fourth .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the royal mile tavern is a charming pub in edinburgh 's tourist central . while overrun with out of towners , the bar is spacious so it never seems to get too overwhelming . the rmt has an excellent selection of beers . the staff is knowledgeable and friendly . most of all though , it 's housed in a stone building . so the walls are an interesting tapestry of rock interspersed with old brewery signs . the only downside - and this is weird - but it smelled like a stable inside . we were n't sure if horses had once lived in the space , but whatever the source was , it lingered . it took us off guard when we first walked in , but this place was worth sticking around for . after ten minutes we did n't even notice it anymore , and found ourselves fully ensconced in a friendly , charming scottish pub with great beer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very solid food and a convenient location . i loved the haggis parcels appetizer and my goat cheese salad was delicious ! the service was reasonable and we were able to walk in for lunch with a party of eight .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cracking boozer , staff all friendly and prices reasonable for city centre . you especially have to go when acoustic david is playing . guaranteed good banter n tunes", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the shop is extremely clean and never has that chemical smell from doing nails . my stylist is maria g , she rents a chair in the salon . i have . been a customer of hers for over 10 years and followed her from one of the discount hair cut places . she is very good about getting me in and out quickly and always gives me a perfect cut every time . she is a full service stylist but all i get is a normal mans haircut , give her a call at the shop i know she will be one of the best stylists you 've ever had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm writing this for my wife , she went here to get her hair colored as she wanted to get rid of the gray , the stylist that did her hair is named tina , she colored it four days ago i just happen to be looking at it and told her they did n't get all the gray out , she texted tina and her reply was i do n't do redo 's and got very nasty with her saying that i must have a sight impediment , wrong i have 20 20 vision ! ! she also said well you were happy when you left my wife replyed it was blown out and she could n't see under the layer 's with the mirror but now after me telling her she can see with mirror , tina is not a professional and all she does is complain do not have her do your hair ... p.s . and she charged $ 75.00 for this crap ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "new to vegas and needed a place to have my nails done . spirals is in my neighborhood and am so glad i found it . bryan did my nails and they turned out great . he takes his time and does a really good job . price is very reasonable and what i 'm used to paying in other cities . will go back for pedicure with bryan and report back later .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will never come back to this salon ! i got a series done here by one of the stylists and she did a horrible job and than told me that she did n't see anything wrong with it . i asked to speak to manager and she refused to tell me when the manager would be in or let me talk to or leave a message for them . she later talked to me completely disrespectfully after i had repeatively asked to please just speak to a manager ! i was angried and completely in shock of how this business could let someone work here with that skill level and disrespect !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've had the asian guy brian i think his name is do my nails and he does a good job ! ! the aesthetician maxine is really sweet and does great waxing ! ! 2 lady 's here have done my hair but i can remember who ! they both did a great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mary ann has moved on to the luxe salon near simmons and ann road thank god . mary ann was the only reason to be going to spirals salon . mary ann is worth the drive and again you get a professional haricut , styling , coloring , etc . at a very reasonable cost . call mary ann directly today at 650-269-1291 !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a great salon with great people . it 's not high end or fancy but they do n't charge overcharge . i 've been getting my hair done by pam for many years . when you find someone that does your hair the way you like , why go anywhere else ? the clientele is mostly elderly but pam has clients of all ages . as long as pam is there , i 'll keep going back ! thanks", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my partner and i found nicholas through a reference from a friend in town as we were relocating from oh and did not know any realtors . i ca n't say enough about how completely satisfied we were with his expertise and professional manner . he knows the area and was easy to work with in coordinating our several visits coming into town to search for our house . in addition to his positive get it done attitude , he is very proficient at his job and has great contacts . we have used his references both prior to and after our house closure and all of them have been terrific . i would highly recommend nicholas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing realtor ! extremely knowledgeable regarding the phoenix metro region . i 've used him twice and i highly recommend . very dependable , professional , and down right good at his job ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have many friends that are agents , but we wanted an expert . nicholas yale lives up to his motto . his knowledge of the industry and market helped us get multiple full price offers within 48 hours when we sold our house . his professional team guided us step by step and made the process simple and enjoyable . these are are reasons that he is recognized , respected and recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been working with nicholas yale and his team for years . nicholas by far is one of the best realtors out there and for many reasons . he is experienced ( well over 18 years ) , full time and knows this market in and out . anytime we hit a bump in the process , he does n't buckle . he is a problem solver and amazing negotiator . ego never goes to his head and his work ethic is extraordinary . you want a honest , up front , customer service oriented realtor , look no further .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome experience . i brought in a used car i was looking to buy . for $ 25 he did a very thorough check , removing all tires and looking under the entire car . we found a lot wrong and i 'm glad i did not buy the car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are honest and very nice . had them do my total engine in my saleen and they did it right . honest and i refer everyone to them to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i drove from scottsdale az to las vegas nevada and when i arrived in las vegas i first blew a flat tire . luckily it was right next to the shop ! they patched my tire in 5 minutes even though all their mechanics were already working on their projects . they were very nice . they even took the time to bring my car on the lift and check it out for free . couldnt ask for a better mechanic shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "driving through las vegas and my truck broke down ! i got super fast , friendly and reliable service ! got it fixed and i was on my way ! definitely would recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here for my son 's birthday . service was slow as `` they prepare food from scratch when you order '' . but food was amazing . delicious . fresh and frankly the best i 've had in mississauga . every dish had been prepared in an authentic manner and bbq was just out of this world . highly recommend . will visit again . hoping for better service next time but the food was worth it . they recommended that we call ahead so they can prep in advance . i still gave tip for amazing food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant fails on delivering on common courtesies - water , cleanliness ( grease and dried chicken on my seat ) , place settings , kindness . they act as though they are doing you a favour even though you are paying a premium for inferior service and food . severely disappointed with the poor service from the establishment but did n't leave simply due to the fact that we were meeting family here . i wo n't return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "garbage food . small portions . the only good thing was the parathas . everything is over priced and you barely get any food . i wouldnt return and i wouldnt recommend it . waste of money so save it and go else where .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bumping the rating to 5 stars . my brother recently came from pakistan , karachi , and i took him to this restuarant . he is a bigger foodie than i and even he said this is the real stuff . their specialty is their bbq stuff . best bihari kabab you can possibly have outside pakistan , chicken tikka is properly marinated and very rich in flavour ( it just does n't look spicy , it actually is ) , paratha is as good as ever . one thing i forgot to mention in my previous review , their chutney ( sauce ) is really good , and they will gladly give you more if you need more . their service has improved , we went on a busy night and they had three servers instead of two . our server promptly came at our table and took our order , followed up with us during our meal and in general had a nice attitude . definitely recommended for all pakistani food lovers , it does n't get any better than this .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food ! ! seriously the best pakistani food in the gta . ordered the chicken and beef seekh kebab . came out fresh and soft . also got the palak paneer which was delicious . must try for anyone who loves pakistani cuisine . would encourage the service to be a bit better as we kept on having to get the waiter 's attention .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has the taste of home . tikka , bihari kabab , nan , chutney and salad . quick and courteous service an close to the highway .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was one of the worst meals i have had , we waited over an hour for the meal to even come . they placed fewer glasses of water then ppl at the table . we asked for a pitcher of water and the remaining glasses , it took 20 mins just to get them . when the food came it was cold , when we started eating there was a hair in my food , and we found a bone in the boneless chicken tikka . this is the second time eating here and the food is par at best . the only good part of this meal was leaving . i will not be returning to the resturant again , even if they somehow remain open . this meal costed $ 200 . not impressed . there is no flavour to the food . the last time i was there the only thing worth eating was the bihari kabab . it was $ 140 bill last time . so all in all a waste of $ 340 . should have been well worth if it went to charity .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this restaurant was close to my hotel in mississauga and i went their for lunch . i ordered their combo # 5 and my friend ordered combo # 3 and we both loved it . i am originally from india and i have had pakistani food before in california and these guys make legit awesome food . quality , quantity and price are highly decent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "never ever go here . i came with family for iftaar and it 's been 25 minutes no food . we pre-ordered so do n't have to wait for very long . nothing . lady who took the order said there will be khajoors dates with juice , the waiter said no khajoors..finally he brought some stale from inside after asking repeatedly or else would have brought from home . the worst worst customer services with no sorry and all the excuses in the world..seems like eating for free . never coming here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great food great service . the paratha 's and behari kebab 's are the best . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down best bihari kababs i 've ever had in my life . kudos to the chef and the management team . there was a random uncle who was creating a massive scene about how he was charged for something he never ordered ( but still ate ! ) . they handled him like a pro , guy and his wife walked out with mango milkshakes , despite screaming like a maniac .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best parathas and bihari kababs in the gta ! chicken tikkas are great too and decent prices love this place ! really good customer service as well which is hard to find at a desi restaurant overall 5 5", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last night i was at cafe with my family . place is much nicer then brittania location , food portions are more generous and quality of food is define tlx better then previous experiences . i would definetly give it a better rating . it 's also pick up and delivery . i do n't know if they have wi-fi .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i got a new job in mississauga so i have been food ranging . i 've been somewhat disappointed in the food selection in sauga . but cdk stands out as a gem . it 's quite similar to indian food . lots of spices , comes with naan , and can be quite saucy . i 've tried a variety of dishes here . the lunch specials are great deals . but at regular prices i would think the food is a bit pricey . the food is absolutely delicious . lunch specials come with rice , naan , butter chicken , kebobs , and some kind of bean sauce . this is among my top choices for lunch due to reasonable lunch special prices and great taste .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've only been here once and we were in a big rush to get in and out . i let the waiter know of this right at the start and they were very accommodating in getting us in and out right away . the food was good , decent portions and the chicken we ordered was moist . the naan had a great taste too even though it was n't buttered . i will go here again when i am in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best pakistani restaurant for tika , paratha , behari . their chutni was to die for . food reminded me of lahore bundho khan food . specifically chutni , behari and paratha . staff was extremely efficient and friendly . restaurant had decent interior designing . do visit for bbq .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this place out last weekend . they moved from their previous location to a bigger and nicer spot . the ambiance was nice staff was helpful . we ordered the chicken tikka legs and peshwari kabobs . the food was good a little too oily for my liking and a bit on the pricier side . if the prices were better i would come more often . best item : peshwari kabob and fried parathas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "behari kebabs and karachi style puri parathas.. the only two items i will spend on , as they bring the original taste all the way from back home . asked for the owner one day to complement , but never showed up . it was a week day , and not very busy either.. this was a put off , otherwise the best of the best bihari kebabs in canada .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "enjoyed a quick meal here . liked the fast service . the chicken kababs were moist and tasty , the palak paneer and butter chicken were delicious too . hot naan was fresh and fluffy but dripping in butter ( ugh ! i always forget to mention to skip the butter ) . enjoyed this place overall which has flavourful food without the spiciness .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best bihari kebab in town . visiting from california and loved the food . good service and good food . definitely worth a stop on every visit", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has ok food but for the price u are paying there are so many other options . they need to step up their game for service as it takes forever to get food once u order it . like it should not take 45 mins for you to serve chicken biryani , dont even think of ordering a take out because they will make you wait forever even after u have arrived . what i liked : 1.peshawari kabobs 2.variety of naans and parathas 3.wraps are really good ( better with parathas ) overall for the price and food there are plenty of better options . cafe de khan needs to live up to its reputation by being organized and streamlined .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "all bbq items here are good but only the bbq . the rest of the staff , i would definitely avoid . their speciality is only bbq . great bihari , chicken tikka , malai boti , parathas , kababs , . the combo deals are great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love kebab wraps and rolls . and i 've had my share of different variety of wraps and rolls in canada and india , from indian and pakistani restaurants . now this location offered the kebab roll with option to get it in paratha or naan . the kebab was however rolled in a puri bhatura , which is a deep fried flat bread . it is ok to try a different approach to food and make it unique but this was the worst kebab roll i 've ever had . on top of that it 's served with a tamarind chutney . the bread was extremely oily , enough that if i squeezed it i 'd get a quarter cup oil out of it . i 'm not exaggerating . worst kebab roll ever . keep it simple chef . use an actual paratha , roll it tight , and use green mint coriander chutney .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here last minute because the other restaurant did n't work out . very much worth it . the menu was very nice and i ordered my favourite malai tikka with naan . the order came in under 20 minutes which was very nice . the environment itself was very peaceful with music playing lightly all around the restaurant . the staff was very helpful and available in a few seconds . the prices were good and not as expensive as i thought and even if it seems a bit expensive , it 's very much worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a traveling consultant i go all around the world and try different food . i found cafe de khan here on yelp and based on the reviews i visited this restaurant and was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food and the service i received from the restaurant . i went with the recommendation of the waiter cashier and the food was fresh , hot , and very flavorful . since my first visit i have gone there every time i am in the brampton area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very bad exp , they microwaved frozen food and cause all small pieces in container.. very bad", "score": "1"}
{"review": "an absolute treat ! ! ! went to cafe de khan last night with 7 of my friends . we walked in and noticed the restaurant was very busy but were still greeted with a warm welcome . the manager taher was extremely attentive and quickly helped find seating for us and had a table ready within 5 minutes . we sat down and ordered a large amount of food which included chicken tikka , chicken karahi , lamb karahi , butter chicken , chicken and lamb biryani , naan , tandoori paratha , fried paratha . all i have to say was everything was on point ! ! ! food was rich with flavour and served fresh and hot . the portions may be a little bit small for the pricing but is definitely worth a shot if you are looking for a taste of authentic pakistani food . the restaurant had a very nice ambiance and was clean . i will definitely be going again and again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "crispy parathas and best seekh kabab do n't order lot of items and stick with basic mango lassi was sour", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their bihari kababs are awesome . other than that tikkas were average . they got my order wrong and i had to go back and pick up the order a second time . do n't recommend their service and recommend that you double check the order when you pick it up .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went there on the month of ramadan..the place was full and had a huge line up..nothing uncommon for halal places in ramadan..the food was good and the stuff very friendly..had behari kabob , chicken karai with naan..decent place good food okay price..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went there for the first time after hearing a lot about the place . ordered bbq ( malai chicken tikka , behari beef , peshawari kabob , seekh kabob ) and one boneless chicken karahi . along with naan and parathas . liked the bbq items , they were all very fresh and tender . i liked the fact the the good was n't spicy , but was tasteful . as for the karahi , it was a disappointment . basically they just put some grilled white chicken pieces in a gravy . in the middle of our food , we ordered some naan and kabob ... believe it that they took 30 minutes to bring out these items . we had to stop eating and sit there while waiting for our naans to we could continue eating . when asked the menu items , the manager told me that all they had was kulfi but later the waitress told us about 4 different dessert choices . it was too late by then to order them . so while the bbq items was good , the service and gravy items were a disappointment hope this is helpful .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the best authentic pakistani food ever in north america and the service is impeccable . very reasonable prices for quality food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the yummiest pakistani indian food in toronto ! ! they have the best bihari kebabs and peraatha ! ! naans r good too ! ! usually the food is quick but last time we were there i think they were short staffed and it took them around half an hr to bring the food", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i grew up eating cafe d khan in pakistan , so brings back a lot of childhood memories . went for lunch at this location and they were offer i g lunch thalis . i love options so thalis and buffets are my absolute favourites ! had the lunch thali which included kababs , rice , nan and spinach ( saag paneer ) . price was very reasonable . very satisfying portions as well . my only wish is ... .hope they had a broader menu and not just grilled kebabs . i would love it if they included nihari , paya and haleem ; that would do the cafe d khan name tag some justice ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is good ! service is pathetic ! ! ! make sure you visit there at least one and a half hour before their closing time because after that they give damn about how you feel about their service or food , their only concern would be reaching home on time ! also , can not believe that they do not accept american express card in these days ! even a small hawker accepts it !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so we had heard a lot about this place since it 's a famous place from pakistan ! it was good but not great ! the ambience is good , seating is ok as well , can be cramped over the weekends . between the two of us we ordered the 2 chicken quarter legs with salad and paratha . the service time was real quick and our food came in no time , just looking at the parathas there was a hair on one , so we called the waitress , she apologized and got another one right away . the parathas were really delicious , we ordered an additional one . even the chicken was cooked extremely well and could be said that they were among the best in town . the quantity of the salad was next to minimal . the place for the overall value that it provides is expensive and on the pricier side . with a bigger group , the bill could be a huge one ! all in all , food is delicious but just more on the pocket .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious food , however it is extremely oily . good for the days you feel like slacking .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the best part about moulinsart is the beer list and how knowledgeable the staff is about their beer . they were out of stock of the beer i ordered , and the waiter recommended another option . i asked him if he knew the alcohol content of the beer , and he did . off the top of his head . also , really , really good mussels . i have had the chef 's special with garlic , mushrooms and tomatoes and the gascogne with armangac and orange . both are delicious . the salad with poached eggs , bacon , potatoes , green beans and basalmic vinegar was both really unique and exceptionally fresh-tasting . on the other hand , the service was slow , especially at the beginning and end . it took maybe 15 minutes before we were even able to place a drink order and and equally long time before we got the check after we were finished .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great beer selection . mussels are not my favorite thing in general , but i 've always enjoyed them at belgian restaurants . these ones were mediocre though . the shrimp stuffed with goat cheese came with spaghetti for some reason , and was ok . the frozen nougat was probably authentic and interesting ( first time i 'd tried it ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was amazing i thought the food was absolutly amazing , the tintin idea was creative and fun and my dad did a funny thing with his wine whcih made everyone laugh even the workers and chefs , this place brings back amazing memories and the foosd again is just amazing : d trust me its worth it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bonne table . c'est le restaurant du fils de jacques brel . il y a une terrasse \u00e0 l'interieur qui est tr\u00e8s agr\u00e9able les beaux jours . a essayer : les riz de veaux poil\u00e9s .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "suis all\u00e9 avec un groupe de travail pour souper un jeudi soir , une premi\u00e8re fois . belle s\u00e9lection de bi\u00e8res belges et de moules appr\u00eat\u00e9es diff\u00e9remment ; j'ai choisi celles `` lotus bleue '' aux soya et gingembre . l'entr\u00e9e de ch\u00e8vre chaud aux tomates et basilic avait malheureusement prise un peu trop de place et je n'ai donc pas pu essayer la cr\u00e8me brul\u00e9e qui devra attendre une prochaine fois ! personnel et service tr\u00e8s avenant avec le sens de l'humour , ambiance europ\u00e9enne comme on trouve souvent \u00e0 montr\u00e9al . j'y retournerai . p.s . c'est pas moi qui payait ... aucune id\u00e9e du prix de la facture !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really good ! nice staff , lovely mussels and fries ; great beer and wine . only one high chair , but that 's one more than all their neighbors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tasty belgian food with a tintin theme . a bit on the expensive side , but i really like the mussels and frites . this place is right in the middle of touristy old montreal , so you probably would not want to try to drive here and find parking .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered the linguine with scallops in a basil oil . the basil oil was light and not overpowering and the scallops were nice and tender ( not rubbery like some places ) . the terrace is the place to sit if you want a nice romantic spot . overall a nice evening .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best gym ever ! love the classes and the trainers ! such a great atmosphere and you are treated like family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "man , these guys and girls here are awesome , there are a few places like this but you cant get people like this just anywhere . john and cameron are excellent trainers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to la fitness for years . ultimately most people just go through the motions there . at bbfitness you are pushed to your max each and every session . i 'm always exhausted but excited after every workout . i would highly recommend you try them out . you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ... tasty.. tasty.. delicious.. original . dollar for value makes this place a 9 10 . the chicken tikka fries ... after years of gross gravy poutine .. why did n't anyone think about this before ? ? ! ? ! ? ok so the downside is atmosphere is a tad cold ... but service was outstanding ... and the churros super yum yum", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is pretty awesome . the service tries hard , but likely the weakest area of the restaurant . the menu is awesome . indian fusion was at least new to me . it 's hard not to order way too much food , everthing looks interesting and none of the plates are actually small .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not impressed . weird smell - more like from dishwasher then from food . dirty tables at bar area . food is ok . very welcoming staff .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was fantastic , very imaginative , fun and fresh . as it was burns weekend tony was doing haggis pies also ! only negative was the service . one poor lad running around doing my everything while two female members of staff just stood at the desk doing paperwork during main lunch time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did jazzercise back in the early 90 's during the leg warmer and leotard era . seven years ago i rejoined through a groupon , and have been going to madison jazzercise ever since . i was happy to find jazzercise has kept up with the times and features the latest music as well as old favorites . it is an important part of my well being and a whole lot of fun . madison jazzercise offers classes 7 days a week at times to fit anyone 's schedule . the instructors are fantastic and inspiring , and fellow students are always welcoming and supportive . i 've met many wonderful friends . the rates are incredibly reasonable , currently $ 45 per month for unlimited classes ( with a one year commitment , there is also a 6-month rate ) . i highly recommend jazzercise and the madison studio to anyone looking to get fit and have fun . well , that 's it for now , got ta go get ready for my friday morning jazzercise !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing customers and instructors . i live in madison only for the summers but i am always made welcome . been doing jazzercise for over 10 years and could n't live in a town without one . check them out , you wo n't be sorry .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been a jazzercise customer for about six years now , and i 've called madison jazzercise `` home '' for the past year and a half . i ca n't say enough good things about jazzercise , and this location is as wonderful as any i 've attended . i 'll admit i miss the more varied class offerings of other centers i 've belonged to ( more early morning and late afternoon options ) , but i know i 'm in for a good workout regardless of the time of day ! the customers are also a wonderful group and are so welcoming to new faces .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "affordable , full-body workout among down-to-earth people . current music , engaging dance moves and supportive instructors make the time fly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to jazzercise since 2009 . it 's an amazing workout that is truly an hour of `` me '' time . i forget about everything as i focus on getting an awesome workout . the variety of music , moves , and instructors keeps it fresh . my favorite party is the camaraderie , the welcoming feeling from the members and instructors , and the daily encouragement . give it a shot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am highly satisfied with joe and his company ! ! ! joe is friendly , professional , timely and efficient ! i would recommend this company to everyone ! my carpet looks amazing and the price is right ! well done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will never use another carpet cleaner again ! ! ! i set up service with joe the owner and he squeezed me in last minute ! he did an incredible job on my carpets ! ! i ca n't enough about this company . my floors look amazing ... the prices are unbeatable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i waited until the last minute to get my carpets cleaned before i moved stuff into my new house so i assumed getting someone out the same day would be impossible . it must have been fate because joe had a cancellation and was able to squeeze me in ! joe was very professional and spent a lot of time making my carpet look beautiful ! he even showed me the dirt he removed - awesome ! ! i will definitely use him regularly to keep my carpets looking spiffy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called joe and he answered all my questions i had , set up a time for him to come . he was on time and did an amazing job ! ! ! ! ! ! we had all of the carpet clean . the carpet looks brand new ! ! ! joe is a super nice guy and very knowledgable ! ! ! we would recommend him to anyone ! ! we will be using him the future", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joe did an amazing job on our carpets that were in bad shape thanks to a new puppy . carpets look and smell fantastic ! ca n't wait to have all of our tile cleaned !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this boulangerie has the best baguette that i 've ever had in montreal , and therefor north america . the boulangerie patisserie is owned by a couple from france so you 're getting authentically prepared goods from people who really know what they 're doing . the campgnette may be even better than their baguette and my other favourites include : their pizza ( yes the french make an excellent pizza ) and meringues . i 've yet to try anything that has n't been terrific . if you 're out in the west island it is definitely worth the trip over to ile bizard to enjoy the tasty treats this place has to offer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simplement le meilleur pain . les meilleurs croissants , pains au chocolat , etc . et le chocolat ! wow ! il y a un peu de tout , charcuterie , fromages , pizzas maisons . j'ach\u00e8te souvent des boules de p\u00e2te \u00e0 pizza fra\u00eeche , \u00e7a fait de la d\u00e9licieuse pizza \u00e0 la maison . bien sur les proprios , philippe et isabelle sont super sympa et chaleureux . \u00e7a vaut le d\u00e9tour \u00e0 l'\u00eele bizard .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tout simplement renversant . histoire de pain , il n'y a pas de quoi rire ! roger la super star mondiale . p.s . n'oubliez pas que je suis encore un b\u00e9b\u00e9 . so long , je m'en vais fumer un petit p\u00e9tard et un big cigare .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i grew up on the far west side , and have lived my entire adult life away from cleveland . i lived 30 years in pizza meccas - chicago , new york and new jersey . while pizza purists may suggest that it is not classic pizza , it is ambrosia . i have not tasted anything in the category that matches it in my travels ( 50 states and 17 countries ) . amazingly there are clevelanders who have not tried the pizza . this pizza ranks highly among the signature dishes of america ; chicago hot dogs , new orleans gumbo and jambalaya , new england clam chowder , philly cheese steaks , new york bagels , cincinnati chili , kentucky burgoo , and barbecue by region . at any rate , do yourself a favor and try it . i have never met anyone who did not love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been eating their pizza for almost 60 years and it 's still among the very best i 've had anywhere in the country , including ny , sfo , boston , la , wherever ! i think the city should proclaim this place a cleveland historical landmark because when it comes to pizza , this place has earned it . their other products are all very good , from cookies to bread , to donuts ( yum ) to , well , everything . long live mazzone 's ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a staple of all of my childhood 's family celebrations was mazzone pizza . i love it , and it is one of the things i miss about cleveland . i now live in the western us and have traveled the world -- including italia itself . but mazzone 's thick crust and unbelievable cheese and tomato sauce -- it is heaven on earth ! i am glad this cold pizza is still around . cleveland colorado gal", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best pizza in cleveland , hands down ! there is nothing like a trip down `` nostalgia '' lane like room temp cold , delicious , savory , pizza pie . i know it sounds crazy , but it really is the tastiest , and you got ta try it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i grew up in cleveland but now live in la . a coworker just asked me what cleveland was famous for in the category of food and my mouth instantly started watering as i now dream of mazzone 's cold sheet pizza . thick soft bread , piled high with sauce and crisp cheese , served cold . when will i be home for christmas ? dear dad , please drive out of our suburb and into cleveland the morning i arrive so i can devour 12 pieces of this as soon as i get home . if you live in cleveland and have never been to mazzone 's , we can no longer be friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i drive by mazzones a lot . it 's close to where i live and where i work . everytime i drive by i think ... hmmm it 's time to stop back in and when i do force myself to pull up , i always leave wondering why i do n't come back more often . the pizza , in my opinion , is ok . the lady in charge actually referred to it as a pizza bread rather than pizza because it is quite thick . i liked it better after putting it in the toaster oven . the kolachkes ( sp ? ) were really good . they were buttery and had a little spice in them . i would order them again . everything there looks so tempting it 's hard not to order a ton . however , their cash only policy helps . also for a small neighborhood bakery , their prices are a little higher than expected . overall though , it 's a pretty great place with some really tempting items .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice family-run bakery on clark in cleveland . they have a nice selection of bread , cakes and other treats , and they make everything in-house . it seems like a great place to order a cake from for a party , and their bread was great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was in cleveland for easter and wanted to get some yummy desserts i went to mazzone and saw what i thought would be perfect a . carrot cake , which had the most disturbing cream cheese frosting , i think it was made with canned shortening the taste was awful . kolaches they looked great but were drier than the mohave desert . poppy seed and nut roll danishes moderate taste . grand total $ 62.00 . all said bad experience . stick with the pizza and leave the desserts to silly folks from out of town .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what 's not to like about this great neighborhood bakery . always friendly and the smells of oven fresh goodness hit you smack dab in your olfactory system when you walk in the door . try one of everything but my favorite is the cannoli and my husband 's is the pizza .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this pizza . growing up in an italian family , this reminds me so much of the pizza my mom used to make on saturday nights . thick and bready , it 's smothered in a tangy tomato sauce and a layer of crusty melted parmesan cheese . eat it cold or at room temp-i do n't think heating it will improve it at all , it 's already perfection . it 's nothing like the pizza most people are used to- no stretchy mozzarella , no fancy toppings , just simple bready goodness . mmmmmmm ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the cheesecake squares are great . i have yet to try their famous pizzas . some of the other sweets are hit or miss . i would n't buy their cookies , russian tea biscuits or brownies again but i do stop here with some frequency for the cheesecake squares . the texture and sweetness are perfect . the portion is also pretty generous .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been to this bakery 2 times in 5 years . both times , ive been waited on by un-friendly staff . seems like they could be a little nicer . the pizza is really good and the french bread was yummy . just sad that i spend good money at a place that treats you like `` what did you come in here for ? ''", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a gift certificate and decided to finally use it . the place only had parking for two cars , and while parking my car set off their automatic door . the lady at the counter was very nice and friendly . i got a strudel ( tasty but not much filling ) , seeded rye bread ( it was good ) 2 little individual cheesecake squares ( those were so good ) a pizza bread ( tasty , but too much sauce for me , but friends liked it like that and finished my part ) , and that came to a little over $ 25 . for the cheesecake , i 'll definitely come back here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place ! i have been a patient for over a year and appreciate the good customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a tom who answered our phone call was just plain rude . we will look elsewhere . apparently they have enough patients it seemed like", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am in my mid-50 's and was having hot flashes , night sweats and lacked energy . after a blood test and consultation with dr. cafaro , i opted to have pellets inserted . in less than two weeks , my hot flashes stopped and i am sleeping like a baby with no more night sweats . my energy is back and i 'm exercising daily . this is the best thing i have ever done for myself . i highly recommend balance hormone center !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my 79 year old mother in and we both had pellets inserted , this was her first time , i had received them years ago . not only did my mother see a major improvement in her energy we have seen an increase in her cognitive skills . this was much more affordable than when i got them years ago costing $ 600 less i 'd recommend anyone considering pellets to go to balance hormones center you wo n't regret it . there was no consultation fee and pellets were inserted within 15 minutes very easy , excellent scheduling for the busy person !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a 53 year old woman who suffered from insomnia , no energy , weight gain and looked very fatigued ! balance hormone center has turned by life around ! i look and feel so much better ... and have great energy ! dr. cafaro , along with staff ( tom & stephanie ) have been excellent by providing informative information , medical care and guidance to being healthy and happy again ! my husband is now a patient and we are amazed at our results ! we completely trust and recommend balance hormone center !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "casual , friendly staff and atmosphere . michelle and dr. cafaro addressed all of my needs and have helped me tremendously . great value and , i 've had no issues with my insurance using them.my hormone levels are great for the first time in decades . a big thanks !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome clinic and staff ! very professional and personable team that changed my life ! i am 55 years old and i was rapidly slipping into a slump ... could n't sleep at night for more than a couple hours , wake up in a panic with nightmares . i was slowly getting large , mostly in the gut and my energy level was at a point that i was giving up on the idea that i could ever recover . i was accepting the fact that i have reached the point in my life of getting old . this all changed after my evaluation and treatment at balance hormone center . my life is restored . i sleep like when i was a kid , lots of energy , extra confidence and i had to buy a new belt ! if you are having the same symptoms as me , go get a very low cost evaluation and treatment that will surprise you with the unbelievable results .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean , professional office with knowledgeable and caring providers . i 've been a patient here for almost 1 year and highly recommend it to friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff was friendly and i felt like i could openly talk about my concerns . the front desk guy who drew my blood did a great job and had a good sense of humor . his blood draw did n't hurt at all . i had such an informed and helpful visit i told my husband about it and they were able to get him in the same day . a special shout out to michelle who addressed all of my hormonal needs with insight and care .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not only are my visits in and out . but the staff is truly professional and actually care and do all they can to help . i 'm back to my old self with energy and enjoying the things i love to do most . what ever the issue is , they can help . and for a whole lot less than your regular doctor . been going there for over a year and tell all my friends they should go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "psycho jock has done all the embroidery and silk screening for our retail items . the quality of the clothes they can get are great . lily will also give you her opinion on all the merchandise and she is super knowledgeable about all of the items they can order . i would definitely recommend them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down the best embroidery shop . we were doing a total revamp of our existing logo and looking for a fresh new look for our apparel . dan and the crew spent countless hours reworking our artwork so that it would translate from drawn lines to stitching . i could n't be happier with the outcome and i 'm looking forward to our next project together . i would highly recommend psycho jock for all your embroidery and screen printing needs . thanks again ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love psycho jock . my company was having a hard time finding someone who could embroider one of our logos and still make it look classy . not only did psycho jock pull it off , they did it in a very short time frame . john , one of the owners , actually came all the way down to our office ( a 45-60 minute drive ) on a saturday to bring us samples . then , one of the employees met me half way to deliver the shirts . great customer service plus high quality work . i 'm a fan .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience with psycho jock on my low volume order . they make good on the customer service claim that they service `` needs as small as 1 hat , to 5,000 shirts '' , as i only wanted two shirts done , and they treated me as if i was getting 200 hundred . neal is awesome . he listened to what i was looking for and his communication was fast and professional . the whole thing , from first communication to finish was done in around a week , which met our extremely tight deadlines . i had never had embroidery of our logo done , and neal created sew-outs in two sizes so i could pick the best one for my project . we selected the one that met our needs , and the final product turned out great . very proud of the shirts that psycho jock created for us . ca n't wait for our next trade show when i can show them off . hoping we can find some more stuff to do and come back to psycho jock .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently placed a decent size order for my company . neal was professional throughout the entire process and was able deliver exactly what we asked for . he emailed me sample before and when i asked to see other designs he was quick to respond . the 5 star comes from how he handled an issue we had . somewhere there was a breakdown in communication and quite honestly it most likely on my end . neal rectified the issue with professional courtesy and got us everything we asked for . because of this i will be back , and of course they do great work . thank you ! .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered some company shirts and hats from psycho jock . we wanted to change up our logo and have it embroidered on the shirts instead of silk screen , the owner came to our business with a couple sample ideas and different color schemes and was very helpful . the shipping is fast and the order was correct . prices are very fair and have a lot to choose from .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thea guys rock ! they are all so nice ! the job was quick and looks great ! check them out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent and quality service ! did me a rush job to put my logo on shirts ( should have got my shirts there ) , and it looks amazing ! ( they are in suit 109 )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't thank neal and the staff of psycho jock enough for helping me in a time crunch . i desperately needed to get a lab coat embroidered for an upcoming photoshoot in less than 36 hours and neal told me to come on in and he would get it done ! i 'm so grateful for the rush order and outstanding work . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dona took great care of us ! we simply mentioned we were looking for something to place at a gravesite while visiting from out of state and she gave suggestions and even went above and beyond to pot it for us . could n't have made the experience any better . we appreciate her skillfulness and kindness !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful store . beautiful plants . thank you for your help . it was much appreciated by this long time customer", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is hard to find , hidden behind the honda dealership down connected to the collision center . unfortunately , i 've had to use their services 3 times in the last 9 months due to other people causing car accidents . luckily , these guys were pretty good at getting me into a car quickly . one morning i had to wait an hour while they went and got more cars , but i was there without a reservation , so i ca n't really hold that against them . make sure you get a car with a backup camera , because they charge a high fee to fix the tiniest scratches that you would never fix on your own car .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "2 stars because they gave me a honda civic . nice car . convenient location at the hendrick collision center . otherwise 1 star . the trunk was dirty with mud clots . after promising me twice that they 'd take care of it , enterprise screwed up billing my insurance company directly . then after charging my credit card , basically told me it was my problem . ps- hey enterprise , suggest you check to see if the customer is happy before sending out email soliciting my opinion ! if you had n't reminded me , i would n't be posting this .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the customer service at this location is impeccable ! i have rented from this location several times just for that reason . upon arrival i had a reservation booked for an economy car . unfortunately they did n't have one available when i arrived , so they gave me a free upgrade- which was awesome ! ! kelly called a couple days after i returned just to make sure i was completely happy with the car . that 's above and beyond ! thank you kelly and ryan for all of your help !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service was great , they did not have the car available that i requested so instead sending me away empty handed they gave me an upgrade at no additional cost to me . the service was amazing . will use them again . great customer service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't blink , or you may pass this enterprise rent-a-car location while driving down south blvd . it is located across the street from the cadillac dealership in a small strip mall . the parking lot is tight , i 'm not sure how many cars this location supports , but apparently they partner with other rental places or nearby enterprises to get you hooked up . i was only getting a loaner from the dealer while my car got a new protective finish on it , so i had the rental for half the day ... no problems . they came and picked me up from the dealership and were helpful and friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when it came time to put down my fur baby , i knew an at home euthanasia would be worth it . she 's a kitty that is mindful of her space so it was a comfort thing . the procedure was ideal because i did n't have to see her suffer or respond . it was as peaceful as a situation like that can be . the vet was great energy that was needed during this time and very compassionate . she also made me feel much better about my cat 's health situation , helping to make me feel less guilt and confident that there was absolutely nothing else i could possibly do . icing on the cake is that it was much cheaper than i expected .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred to dr pierce by bonanza pet hospital . i left her a message around 7:30am and she called back within 20 mins . was at our house in 2 hours . she was so caring and concerned about our cat and my and my adult children 's feelings for our beloved kitty of 17 years . she gave us some options after examining our cat . so much empathy and compassion . i am grateful to her . she made this heartbreaking decision we had to make feel less scary . i would recommend her services to anyone , especially with cats . cats , in my experience hate the car and the vet among many other things . so a house call was the best decision we could have made . thank you dr. pierce .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. pierce came to us in an emergency situation . our 15 year old rottie was suffering and dr. pierce dropped everything and came to our house . our dog got a good snack , fell asleep and then her heart slowed . she was in peace and looked relieved and happy . thank you doctor !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. pierce is the best vet i have come across in years . i definitely trust her , and do n't feel like she is just trying to make a buck like some of the vets i 've seen . my cat , jack , was very ill , and i had him put down . i opted to do it in my home . dr. pierce was so caring and helpful , even the day before when i was having trouble making the painful decision to euthanize my boy . she did n't pressure me , gave me advice and did n't seem to mind that i called several times . when she came over , she treated jack like her own pet . you can tell she really loves animals , and does what she does because she cares . i will definitely call her again if i ever need veterinary service in the future for my other two cats . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is n't the kind of review that i wanted to write , not because of the service , but because of the circumstances . my dog suddenly became ill this week , our regular vet 's evaluation was either he had a stroke or a brain tumor . we saw the writing on the wall and knew it was time . my girlfriend absolutely did not want to take him to the vet to be euthanized , because the vet has always stressed him out . i called waggin wheels and explained the situation to her and i immediately could tell she cared and wanted to help . she showed up to my house within 2 hours and was amazing . she examined rudy and came to the same conclusion we did . she made everything quick and painless and rudy was n't stressed out at all , up until the very end . i would highly recommend this to anyone in a similar situation , it was worth the extra money , which was totally reasonable by the way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our jrt mr. cheng was very close to his last days here . we were doing some research on crematorium services and in checking out la paloma pet crematorium we came across a pointer to dr. pierce of waggin wheels . we quickly connected and set things in motion . dr pierce was wonderful and gave some great advise on preparing for the sad moment when she would send mr. cheng to chase rabbits in the sky . she administers an anesthetic..not a sedative.. prior to giving the final medication so absolutely no pet trauma wahtsoever . mr cheng went for his initial sleep while finishing a plate of roast chicken , roast ham and a creamy cheese . sad but comforting thanks to dr pierce . paul from la paloma was in place 15 mins after to collect his body and prepare for the cremation . thank you dr pierce for de-traumatising a traumatic event", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. pierce is blessed with a very special gift . she made the difficult process better than `` bearable '' while putting down my `` kiki '' which was about 10 years ago and recently my precious `` noodles '' . her compassion and warm bedside manner for both my pets and myself was amazing . i thank god for her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. pierce is so professional , kind and respectful . our wonderful dog got cancer and it was time . we 're new to las vegas and found dr. pierce through yelp - she deserves every one of those 5 stars and more . the last moments were so peaceful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are not enough words in the world to thank dr. pierce for her service . she responded to an early morning call because we needed to put down our baxter and we wanted him to be at home and comfortable . she squeezed us in and was incredibly professional and kind and reassured us that we were doing the right thing . she suggested that we have baxter 's favorite food available and because of it , he died eating pancakes surrounded with love . dr pierce made a painful day slightly easier to cope with and we will be eternally grateful . her services cost a little more than other providers , but it is worth every single penny . while we could n't save our baxter , we were able to make sure that his last moments were so peaceful and serene .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you , dr. pierce . your compassion with zeke is more appreciated than you will ever know !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 13 1 2 year old dog was nearing then end . we did not want to take her to the vet , something she did not like , and then have her need to be catheterized . we decided to have in home euthanasia , and found dr. pierce here on yelp . she was so kind , took her time , and our precious dog went out of this life eating chocolate and peanut butter in her favorite spot on our patio . dr. pierce first anesthetized her so she was in a deep sleep first . dr. pierce took her time , was loving to our dog and explained everything to us . i recommend her highly . thank you , dr. pierce .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. pierce is a first class veterinarian and a very kind person . i am so glad i chose to use her services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , screens your calls , screens your needs , asks me , what do you want ? really ? i said a routine check up , and to fill a precrip , said no thats outside what i do , wonder if she even has a lic ? i would stay away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr. pierce is as good as it gets ! she truly cares about the animals and has no qualms about giving her honest opinion . she is straight forward and has a great touch with the animals . i ca n't recommend her highly enough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. pierce is an angel here on earth . i can not thank her enough for what she did to enable our trinity to move on beyond her pain and to simply fall asleep peacefully . it was very important to me that trinity go peacefully in the home she loved , where she played and had so much fun . i did not want her last moments to be afraid in the vets office after a stressful car ride . i am truly grateful for what you did for us and most of all for trinity . i am sure she 's enjoying even more tuna juice where she is now . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a very good experience despite a very difficult time . professional and reassuring . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr pierce was amazing for us . we had to put our 13yr old dog down due to lung cancer . she came to our house and was very kind and courteous . she made sure our sweet ginger felt nothing when it was time . she was n't in a rush and took her time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a pet sitter and one of my clients recommended dr. blanche pierce ( a mobile vet practicing for 25 years ) to me . at the time i did n't need her but i knew at some point i would as i had an aging cat who i wanted to be able to provide a peaceful passing for at home when the right time came . unfortunately , that day came too soon and a very difficult decision was made with her assistance yesterday morning . dr. pierce was such a blessing to myself and my beloved chase . she was so kind and compassionate with my baby . she assisted his passing in the most peaceful and loving way . it was exactly what i was hoping for as he had been my best friend for 19 years and it was the least i could do for him . i ca n't ever thank dr. pierce enough for the incredible service she provides . thank you for making my dear sweet chase 's passing painless , peaceful and loving . exactly what he deserved ! i highly recommend dr. pierce for mobile vet services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is amazing at westside . the prices may be a bit high , but i feel secure and safe when i need them to take care of my puppy . i never feel rushed in the appointments and my dog is never upset to go back , which is a big deal to me . they also gave me a referral to one of the best trainers in the city . my puppy became very aggressive and because of their recommendation , i have a very obedient little girl . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been taking my cats here from what seems like the dawn of time ( since they were located along eglinton w ) . always great service and caring individuals both veterinarians , techs and front desk . price wise the thing i 've come to realize is animals are not covered under ohip ; so of course its going to be pricey depending on the situation your pets in . i just really wish they did exotics ! i own a ferret , hint hint .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice place , great friendly and knowledgeable staff , glad we chose this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "accommodated my schedule when oliver had the need took care of him expertly diagnosing and getting him back on track first class service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the westside animal hospital is amazing . their staff are welcoming and pleasant . the veterinarians are knowledgeable and my animals are always well taken care of .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hidden gem of italian experience hiding in la prairie . decorated with wine bottles , this restaurant feels almost like a home . this is a bit pricey , but you are getting your money 's worth . i started with a delicious caesar salad , then for entree had their house made gnocchi . the gnocchi is served in a wine sauce with gorgonzola cheese . fantastic . coffee was good . five star service , wonderful staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "je fr\u00e9quente le resto depuis un certains temps et il s agit d'une des meilleures tables de la rive sud . la carte des vins est sublime et le service hors pairs . la salle a l'arri\u00e8re est tout simplement a couper le souffle . tous sont sympathiques ! attention : les prix \u00e9lev\u00e9s , les portions qui ont r\u00e9tr\u00e9cit dans certains cas . ne pas laisser le serveur choisir votre vin en lui donnant un prix .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "surprise to have such a nice italian restaurant hidden in la prairie . great wine selection , very homey decor . the tomato sauce almost as good as my italian wife 's cooking and very friendly service from our waiter . a bit pricy but definitely worth to return for special occasions .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fabulous food amazing cocktails nice and reasonable prices that 's why i 'm a fan ! never really cared for sushi until i tried it here . so fresh and prepared in a way that is pleasing to the eye and palate ! the cocktails and drinks are made with love : - ) and they are always coming out with new ideas . once you have dined at twiisted , you will become a fan , too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent place to eat . i have been there twice now so i decided i would give a review . sushi was fresh and amazing . portions are big and the prices are great . burgers at a sushi place ? trust me it just works ! there burger selection is hands down one of the best i have ever had to choose from . defiantly try the brenner burger it is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you should be able to give 0 stars when you barely make the 15 min drive home before your throwing up . nothing else to say , i will never eat sushi or anything here ever again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went here a couple of weeks ago for dinner and while it can get noisy because it 's wide open , you can sit on the other side or go outside , weather permitting . i had the rib steak with marinated mushrooms and potato salad . everything came out just the way i asked , the potato salad was different with a little zing to it ! i loved everything as did my dinner companions . kudos to the chef and all at twisted . the wait staff was courteous without hovering , and very accommodating . i definitely will be going there again and recommending to my friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried the twisted nachos with siracha chicken . can you say king awesome . wow , this has become my husband 's and my favorite restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really great sushi and cocktails , but only gave them four stars because ; a ) they still do n't have any low sodium soy sauce even though they 've said for weeks that they are `` getting it in . '' just go to gfs or giant eagle and buy some . b ) if you are going to their food truck for your lunch hour , do n't . as tempting as $ 2 shushi rolls are , i waited for 45 minutes for one veggie roll . i almost had to leave and had no time to eat it . and still no low sodium soy sauce .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really good food . miso spicy burger was delicious . lots of options on the menu ranging from sushi , clever burgers ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great time today , somewhat new to sushi and the methods of preparation we asked for some help . the chef came to the table and explained thoroughly what and how the sushi and sashimi were prepared . great big eye tuna , calamari was fresh and the fried cake dessert was over the top . this was a recon mission for some guests we have coming , can not wait to get back . oh yeah ... .very reasonably proced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family and i went here for an early dinner on a thursday night . food and service were impeccable . it was our first time here and i was so impressed . we got the california roll and duck wings for appetizers . the wings are as good as everyone says . my husband and i got the chickity china and the twisted classic sandwiches . they were both excellent . the kid 's food were great as well . big portions for everyone . only thing that was slightly off was the ambiance ... we were the only table in there almost the entire time we were there . it was a little awkward , but it would n't stop me from going back . the food is really excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious ! i love sushi and i love burgers ... but together ? weird concept but nothing short of delicious . both were done very well and ca n't wait to try some of their other sushi rolls on my next visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this restaurant through yelp . nice find ! i 'd never even heard of this place before . went for lunch.first , adina and ashley were our servers . such nice people ! i felt no pressure to order or leave . they were very personable and we had a couple of nice chats that did n't delay our service ( or anyone else 's ) one bit . big smiles too . now , the food ! i was n't super hungry so i ordered two appetizers and no meal . the serious sampler and the poke salad . wow , lots of food ! more than enough as a meal . the sampler items were all quite good . nice to try a bunch of things and not spend too much . the poke salad was delicious and fresh . my wife had the rainbow roll . also delicious . we shared just about everything so we could try as many items as we possible . all were good . well worth a visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i never thought i 'd be writing a bad review about this place . this was my favorite place to eat until today . after waiting nearly 15 minutes to be able to put in our order , my wife and i were left for 45 minutes without a return visit to our table . no one came back to refill our drinks or to explain why our food was taking so long to be brought out . when we were finally able to flag someone down , who then went to find our waitress , we were told that there was some sort of mixup in the kitchen , but at that point we did n't care . this is unacceptably poor communication and poor service for a thursday , in the early evening , with the place less than half full . it makes me sad that i had to walk out of my favorite restaurant without being served and that now i will have to think twice about going there again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went here for the first time this weekend . it was 7pm on a friday night . we were able to walk in and grab a table for 4 in the bar . i was surprised it was n't nearly as busy as i thought it would be for a friday night . we started off with a drink and an order of the goon dip & fried mozzarella appetizers . the fried mozzarella appetizer came out with 3 huge fried mozzarella patties ( think big hamburger patty size ) and marinara dipping sauce . everyone who tried them loved them ! the goon dip was great . it was cool when it came out , we had to ask for it to be warmed up , which was n't a problem . the fried wontons used to dip with were great . from there , we ordered spicy tuna roll , it 's a mia mario burger & a classic burger . we all were supper impressed with the food . we will definitely be back . ca n't wait to try so many more menu items !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here , came with the family . nice atmosphere and large menu . but the food did n't taste very good and actually made both me and my mother sick .. we both got large sandwiches and did n't even take more than 2 bites . service was lacking as well . will not be back", "score": "2"}
{"review": "awesome sushi and great burgers . the menu selections are very creative , i had the peking duck burger and a order of the cali sushi roll . both were excellent", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered take out from here a couple of times now and have not been disappointed . the twiisted roll is by far my favorite followed by the california dreamin . my wife and i also had the opportunity to fine in here and had a great time . the entire restraint is clean , new , and has a perfect amount of excitement . tv are all around the huge bar . sushi bar is well layed out and away from the noise of the bar so it feels like it 's its own place . we had multiple sushi rolls and the appetizer sampler . the sampler gave us a great idea of everything twiisted has to offer . the bbq duck wings were delicious . anyone who enjoys sushi , and a few good drinks should come here if they have the chance . check on their facebook for daily specials ! endless sushi every monday night !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a group of chefs created this fusion of american comfort food and traditional japanese cuisine . inspired , delicious meals including an extensive list of specialty sushi rolls and gourmet burger combinations . there is something for everyone with a discerning palate . i eat here frequently . favorites include the california dream roll , vive la burger and slamon blt . bread puddings are my favorites desserts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! loved this place ! great , modern , well-designed interior . inventive menu with ingredients that are not on an average menu and priced fairly . sweet potato waffle fries were the best i have ever had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very interesting menu ... my husband and i split the sandwiches we ordered ... they both came with chips homemade , , i ordered sweet potato fries awesome ..our son had sushi that he liked and a side of panko breaded onion rings ... very good , ,we will go back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic ! ! lauren was phenomenal with a big party of 14.. , , , ,definately will be back ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! ! come for happy hour ! ! ! we had the super sonic gin and tonic , stonewall , maple bacon bourbon sour and the s'mores martini to drink . the maple bacon bourbon sour is out of this world ! apps goon dip ( awesome and enough for 4 ) , sushi - chaz and spicy tuna . both great ! and the mean korean to split for an entree . wow ! great service and cheap ! it 's worth the trip . this place is awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff was beyond friendly and knowledgeable , even making several recommendations . the sushi was phenomenal ! great prices , great choices ( both traditional and outside the box ) , & phenomenal quality . the entrees and sandwiches arrived piping hot . its not too often you see that at a restaurant . the flavors and quality of ingredients was absolutely amazing . we have been wanting to try twiisted for the longest times , and after this experience , we will most definitely be back . prices were most definitely reasonable . 3 sushi rolls , 2 entrees , & dessert for less than $ 75 . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really liked their food . i thought it was fresh and imaginative . i 'll definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my fianc\u00e9 and i are constantly arguing over where to have dinner . he is more of a burger guy where i like to opt for asian . and here we have it , the perfect marriage of american asian fusion with twiisted . the place is huge , dawning modern decor with a laid back feel . we started with the 'goon dip , which was excellent . shredded crab in an creamy sauce topped with tempura flakes and a sriracha based sauced for a little kick and served with wonton chips . one of my favorite appetizers anywhere to date . my fianc\u00e9 got a burger with crab and wonton chips while i opted to try the sushi , the zombie roll and the crab rangoon roll , both excellent choices . we went at a time when they were n't crowded but i have heard things get pretty busy ( and for good reason ) . we will certainly be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been her several times and have never had a bad meal . service is always spot on and very friendly and knowledgeable . we love the `` twist '' they put on everything and it 's not the same old bar food . will go back again without a doubt . one thing about the person complaining about the parking and decor . i really do n't think it 's a big deal to park at the bank across the street and walk a few extra feet . and the decor is fine , what are you an interior decorator ? sometimes people have to make their reviews sound like they are a professional reviewer and love to comment on every single aspect they can think of . some of the best places we have ever ate at are dive bars with parking on the street away from the restaurant . get over it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for a quick bite and was not disappointed ! american style sushi with some good options . pretty interior and was n't too busy on a saturday early evening .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been coming here for almost a year and they always have excellent top grade sushi , best in medina and surrounding area . burgers are also very good ! service is top notch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great variety on the menu & everything we 've tried has been very tasty . servers have mostly been very good , a couple have been a little lacking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here a couple of times , very eclectic menu choices . i tried the duck burger and the duck bacon , it was good but i prefer a real burger and the bacon was more like jerky than bacon . the sushi is good here , and i love the spicy edemame beans instead of bread and butter . with the talk ceilings it was very loud , the manager said they were going to install curtains to help absorb some of the echoes . i really think they need to install some sound absorbing foam tiles on the ceiling .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good place to get s mix of sushi and other foods . decent prices . definitely worth the trip if you 're in the area and have a taste for sushi but others have other palate choices as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ate here for the first time last night and tried the sushi and calamari . the calamari was straight out of the fryer when it hit the table . it was hot and delicious . next came the sushi . the quality of the ingredients in the rolls was top notch . everybody at our table raved how good the sushi was . i tried some of the other rolls and they were good . but my roll had jalape\u00f1os in it . i knew this when j ordered it , but i expected that they would be cleaned and without seeds . i can handle spicy foods but these were hot hot hot ! i ended up having to take the jalape\u00f1o out of the roll since there were seeds throughout the chopped jalape\u00f1o . i have to say the service was great and the staff was really attentive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went on a thursday ... decent selection of sushi rolls for $ 5 during happy hour . i had the `` crazy cali '' and `` philadelphia '' ... . both were excellent ! i was n't in the mood for shrimp , so they substituted the shrimp for crab in the philadelphia at no extra charge . also had the `` goon '' appetizer ... i think the chips were better than the dip ! overall , the food was amazing , but i rate it a 4star because our server nice but not very personable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yummy ! ! ! ! love the sushi nights ! ! ! it 's a great way to try all the different sushi they have ! they give you complementary edamame ! the staff is friendly and the place is really clean !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . the food is so unique and it 's some of the best creations we 've ever had . it should be packed in there at all times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently had dinner at twiisted for the first time . it was a monday night and we were seated immediately . complementary edamame was a nice touch . my entire table ordered sushi and we were all very pleased . the crazy cali roll was a table favorite and i personally enjoyed the volcano roll . i eat sushi frequently and this was a clear cut above the rest . our server was also excellent in explaining the menu , making suggestions , and keeping our drinks full . i will be going back to twiisted soon . the burger selection on the menu looked amazing and i will be sampling one of those in my next visit . i live almost an hour from the restaurant but it was completely worth the drive ! if you have n't been there , you really should check this place out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the embassy are what dreams are made of ! ! ! so incredibly good ! ! ! my new favorite place ! ! and it 's cool that if your spouse does n't like sushi they have great burgers to get ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first visit last night and started out with a sushi roll . it was quite generous in size and extremely fresh . next we ate salad entrees with tuna added . the cobb and wedge salads were each served well-chilled with fresh toppings . homemade dressings made them even tastier . very pleased with the quality of food served . looking forward to returning to try their burgers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after eating pizza and salad across the street 2 times a week i decided to give this place a try . all i can say is omg ! delicious ! amazing ! it 's hard to believe this place was sitting right under my nose this whole time ! simply put.. `` its the hidden treasure of medina ! '' it 's just off north court st behind 1st merit bank . after eating plain food across the street twice every week my taste buds thanked me ! try it ! your taste buds with thank you to !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far so good the egg roll of the month corned beef and cabbage delicious ! just wish there was thousand island dressing to dip them in ! decent beer selection ! nice atmosphere ! i will be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here multiple times and i love how unique their food is . the staff is awesome and professional . i 've gotten complementary food even when i felt i did n't really need it to be complementary- they will take care of you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best happy hour menu 7 days a week ! i just moved from california , an was worried i would n't be able to have sushi here . i love that i have it right down the street !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't have any complaints about my experience when visiting twiisted for my birthday back january . the menu is definitely creative and unique . service was good . we had the `` not yo average nachos '' and they were a good `` twiist '' on regular nachos . i ordered the `` chickity china '' sandwich and it was very tasty . i really hope to make it to their happy hour sometime as they have some exceptional deals . nonetheless , i plan on returning very soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the atmosphere . have not tried the sushi ( not a sushi person at all ! ) but their burgers are excellent ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for fish friday specials crabby patties and perch poboy excellent drinks a little on the weak side but good", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sushi rolls were great , cocktails were fantastic ! like the edamame to start the meal . highly recommend to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went tonight i think it 's about our fifth time . what can i say , everything is beyond what you would expect from the description . had a burger for the first time and the house made wheat brioche bun was amazing . maple bacon and truffle mayo sent it right over the top . the burger itself was like butter . if u have n't been yet do yourself a favor and go asap . weekdays 3-6 drink and food specials .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has the best appetizers in medina ! the 'goon dip is amazing . my sister and i split the sandwich `` sammy the angry crab '' and we both loved it . they have a great happy hour too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food and atmosphere are fine . not family friendly in the sense that they do n't have a baby changing station in the restaurant . this was definitely a disappointment to a mother of young children .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "twisted is one of the best restaurants in town , they get extra points for creating a delicious and inventive semi-fusion menu , which is rather courageous in the somewhat sleepy town of medina . they have a great drink menu which changes frequently . one of my favorites was a `` ghost '' drink they had around halloween , i wo n't tell you how many of them i had , just know that i went stumbling home . i only knocked off a point due to not quite getting the spice level right . my spouse 's sushi was off the charts hot , to the point where it was almost unenjoyable . meanwhile , i ordered a spicy burger and was disappointed that the heat level was barely mild .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "started with the fried provolone cheese and marinara and it was pretty dog gone good . needed to have a little more marinara for the size of the app . marinara sauce was fresh and definitely not from a jar , it was amazing ! i got the shroomin burger and my cohort got the mac attack . our cheeseburgers were amazing the shroomin had a fried egg on it cooked perfectly over easy and the twisted mac was as good of mac and cheese as i have had at any restaurant and worth the money . bro had an awesome burger too and had the waffle cut sweet potato fries that were really good too . i 'll be back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there selection of food is amazing . they have american to japanese . overall the food was good and the service was amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good unique food . lots of choices . i 'm not a fan of raw fish but there are many other options . the duck wings were great and they have many choices in sauces . service was really good as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mio was a delight . the flavors were unique and rich , but the food was refreshing and not too heavy . the wine list is extensive and sommelier is available at the drop of a hat to advise you about each and every possible combination of wine and food mio offers . the decor is dim and soothing . it was quiet and peaceful when we arrived , but got louder as the later reservations arrived -- although it was never too loud . my one complaint would be that there is an extremely limited number of options for vegetarians . in fact , there is nothing on the entree menu . however , when we asked we discovered that there is an off-menu vegetarian plate that proved to be quite delicious according to my boyfriend . i enjoyed an amazing mesculan salad , delicious monkfish ( which i 've never tried before ) and finished off with a petit lemon tart -- yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "drinks overpriced . crowd was somewhat geriatric , except for us , of course ! we did n't have dinner , so ca n't comment on that . will probably go back to give it one more try .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had a scheduled morning appointment for some tree work . stayed home from work to wait for them . they never showed up or called . after 2 hours of waiting , i finally called the office to find out if they were coming . lady in office was nice and everything but she informed me that they could n't make it to my scheduled appointment . i do n't understand that at all . i had a scheduled appointment and they could n't make it ? i went with another company who actually showed up when they said they would .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "outstanding job . responded quickly and the job was completed within 2 days ! i was satisfied with the work he did and it was done at a fair price ! i will hire him again in the future for any tree needs that arise !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "disregard the canned response to my review . clearly it is a copy paste job 8 months after the fact . unbalancing the tree ? we requested the entire tree be trimmed , and thinned . not one limb . our tree ended up looking like someone cut 1 3 of the tree off vertically . you really want to start spouting nonsense about an unbalanced tree ? in the past 8 months not once has anyone reached out regarding the `` offered '' refund and there 's still absolutely no excuse for a customer being blamed for poor service when you decline twice to send someone out to run over the work wanted . had that actually happened we never would have had the wrong tree worked on and and the right tree become an eyesore .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am super happy with the service i received . i called and spoke with jerry - he came out the same day and gave me an estimate - which was very fair . they scheduled my tree trimming for the next day ! alex was great . he introduced himself right from the start and made sure we were on the same page . he and his crew did a great job ! they even cleaned everything up and left it looking nicer than before they came . i highly recommend them ! ! ! and i will use them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called and spoke to office in regards to a trimming estimate . the office said they would be out the next week . after not hearing back from them , i sent an email requesting an estimate . again , no reply .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "third time out used this company to trim our trees . only had them cut a palo verde this time . called in and they were out the next day to trim the tree . they are really fast and clean up is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "don came out and gave us an estimate . he was on time and very knowledgeable . we had 3 sissoos and one shamel ash removed from our yard in preparation for a pool . they had a cancellation and asked if they could come out 3 days sooner . that worked for us . a crew of 4 guys came and cut down the trees and cleaned up the mess . wow ! were these guys fast ! shortly after they left , another guy came and did the stump grinding . i want to say that everything was done within an hour time frame . when they pulled the big truck and the wood chipper into my backyard , a little oil leaked on our concrete pad . they were quick to clean it all up . their prices are very competitive . and the service was topnotch . joyce was wonderful to work with as well . we are very pleased with services and would definitely use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the team showed up at 7 am ready to go ! great service , fast and very affordable . we had a somewhat complicated pine trees that needed removed and they accepted the challenge . no hesitation and the job was completed within just a few hours . the team was very polite , and cleaned up everything from our yard and the neighbors . i would highly recommend this company for any tree removal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jerry came out the day i called him and beat all of the quotes that i had . they came back the following day and removed a 50+ foot eucalyptus tree and six stumps . i got home to a clean yard , no damage , no branch or leaf debris , no signs that they were working in my yard allday . his price was 1 3 of the highest bid , and that bid did n't include the stump grinding . i did alot of shopping around , they were insured , professional , and inexpensive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! ! ! called for an estimator to come out , he came out as scheduled , we accepted the quote , scheduled the tree trimming and the crew came out just as expected . they did a great job trimming , cleaned-up promptly and left nothing behind . i will use them in the future and highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they gave me an estimate the same day and fit me into the schedule quickly . the work was beautiful and they were very affordable . i got several quotes and no one could beat them . so happy with the work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when you have 31 trees and many of them overgrown and monsoon season fast approaching you best get them thinned out . after calling 3 other tree service co 's and getting quotes the company i went with after a month still had n't come out ... harris and sons quoted on a wednesday , had the whole crew out on a friday and were done and cleaned up by the end of the day . very happy and will use their service again as soon as needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , i 've added a star although it was not as quick of a response as i would have hoped for , they did come back out and finish the stump grinding in my front yard , in time for my yard to look nice for the holiday weekend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the initial set up was a little confusing but they held to their promise and showed up plenty early . the crew themselves were amazing . we have a monster of a tree in back and they were n't even here an hour and did everything as requested and left it cleaner than they found it . money well spent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a great price and they were finished in less than one hour . they brought the right equipment and several guys to trim my palm tree , which must have been the worst and most neglected palm tree in all of phoenix . now it is trimmed and clean . go harris and sons !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been looking for someone to take out my large pine tree against our bedroom wall , tree is huge so i called and they had gave me a price that was 700.00 cheaper than the 2 other companys and had recieved estimates from , they did a great job ... ... would recomend them to anyone ... .verry professional with great equipment was a verry dangerous tree they did in 2 hours with a crane great 5 star service guys thanks , lyn", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an excellent company with great service and pricing . jerry came out and looked at our property when i could n't even be there and spoke with me over the phone . they came when they said they would and did everything he said they would do . joyce called the next day to take my payment over the phone . their crew included extra guys because we had two giant sissoo trees removed - five men , 8 hours , in 100+ degrees , they were impressive . zach was incredibly helpful in addition to grinding down both of the stumps . see my three photos , before , during , and after . they cleaned up so thoroughly afterward it was `` backyard spotless ! '' i will definitely be recommending them over and over again . five stars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great company ! two trees removed and two trees trimmed quickly and affordably . beat my first estimate by $ 150 and i now have my `` go to '' tree specialists .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pricing was very competitive compared to 5 other companies . great work and clean- up . it took them two days instead of 1 day as estimated to remove two 40 ' high pine trees . i would use them again if the need arises .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very pleased with the company . they showed up on tme , had both trees cut down in approximately 1 hour . they were courteous and professional . the man that came out and gave us our qute was friendly professional and explained what would be done . i would gladly recommend them to anyone , plus the prices are very reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when making arrangements for the appointment joyce accommodated me by changing a later appointment to an early morning one so that my tenant could be there at the time of the tree trimming . the crew communicated with me by phone prior to their early arrival . they performed an excellent job removing all dead branches and removing the 2 large limbs and several over hanging branches from the roof and block fence area which i had discussed during their initial visit for the purpose of a quote . the charge for their services was very fair . i would not hesitate to recommend them and will call upon their services in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had three trees removed recently from a property we purchased . we received many bids and decided to go with harris & sons , as our local nursery also recommended them to me . they were competitive in their prices , and their representative , jason , was very knowledgeable and helpful . he showed up for his appointment and spent time answering all our questions . they performed a very involved removal requiring a crane and stump grinder . harris and sons was extremely timely on their arrival and they left the premises as clean as they found it . i was shocked how quickly and efficiently they removed three very old trees with no damage to our house or property . i highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "noticed that i had n't reviewed harris and sons for the work they did in 2016 . from the initial contact to completion , we were very happy with the removal of the trees ( 3 pines - one at least 40 foot tall ) . if it was n't for the missing tress , we would n't have known they were there - we were amazed how clean the yard look after removing these 3 large trees . highly recommend harris and sons .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have a gianormous tree to be trimmed , these are the guys to do it . friendly , low cost , and did a fantastic job . i had a large palo verde and eucalyptus tree ( 2 stories high ) to trim and they have the right knowledge and tools to get the job done . they even picked up some extra debris in my yard ! thanks h & s !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had harris and sons trim a large ficus tree in my yard . they were quick to respond and did excellent work . they left my back yard very clean given the amount they took off . i 'll use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prompt and courteous service on top of great affordable work ! i was very impressed with my entire interaction with harris & sons . upon calling for a quote they were able to come out and assess my trees within a few hours . we scheduled a date to remove my two juniper trees and grind the stumps and they completed the job within a few days of the initial contact . i was not home when the work was completed , but everything was cleaned up afterwards so that i would have never known they were there ( except for two missing trees ) . everyone i spoke to at harris and sons was extremely helpful , i would absolutely use them again and recommend them to others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very happy with the service i got . removed a tree promptly and effectively , and another person came along to do the same with the stump . much less expensive than another quote that i got and they arrived on time and were ready to go ! would recommend to others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am very pleased with this company . they did a fantastic job trimming up the trees on our property ; they spent approximately 5 hours cleaning up almost every tree in our yard . they asked for specific guidance on where to trim before starting , and then they carried out out in full . they did a good job in meeting my expectations ... they trimmed just the right amount . the prices were very reasonable , much more affordable than some of the other companies that i received quotes from . they were easy to deal with , aa setting up everything on the phone was a breeze . they arrived on time for the actual trimming and worked hard while they were on the property . i will definitely recommend this company and be sure to call them again when my trees need another trim !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "harris & sons did an amazing job today . it was a big job of 3 gigantic dying trees removal & grind stump , pruning of tall palms and other clean up . we ended up getting a crane to make the job safe . all this was done in less then 3 hours . jason met up with me for a quote the next day . joyce at the office is very friendly . i called other places they where days ahead for just an initial quote . i would highly recommend this company . they are fully insured and licensed which gave me peace of mind . by far the best price also . i highly recommend this company for any tree removal or trimming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a huge tree in the front yard that needed to be removed . we called other tree trimming services for estimates . harris and sons had the best estimate by far . the guys came out when they said they would , did an amazing job and left my yard spotless . i would definitely use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called to have a palm tree removed that was growing into power lines , cable and internet lines etc . i also needed some smaller trees , stumps and scrubs removed . wow , these guys are fast , friendly , efficient and the customer service was a+ . i have called other services and know how flaky they can be but these guys returned my call promptly , came out and gave me the estimate quickly and the crew hit it out of the ball park . if you need a tree service i recommend harris & sons .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their professionalism when it comes to scheduling for service is a joke . harris and sons team phoned and rescheduled 5 times in the of course of 3 weeks.. that is comical and unacceptable and a waste of time for all parties involved..very rude and dis-honest and not reliable.. no thanks harris and sons", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had 4 giant oleanders removed from our pool area , as well as trimming our queen palms and lime tree . they were very accommodating to our schedule and would recommend them to anyone looking for the offered services.they left the area as clean as it was and with the exception of a bigger area for us to use you would never know they were here . i also shopped around and had several quotes for the exact project and in this case harris and sons were less than the other quotes and were also much more professional than the others . thank you to everyone who came out to our home today !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a smaller version if some of the other ribfests . they only had four rib vendors and none of the well known american ones . i was there at night and the lighting was bad , very dark all around , even two of the rib vendors were n't up .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm , so tasty ! had the gluten free sauce ribs from tasty bbq , looking forward to seeing them at the next one !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rain rain goes away ... all these rain made the 6th annual woodbridge ribfest such a muddy one . i should have wore my rain boots ! this is one of the smallest ribfest i been to with only 5 ribbers . but what makes this ribfest different from others are the local craft beers from smaller breweries , a pizza vendors that make wood oven pizza on site and a taco vendor that roasting a pig on site for pork taco ! tons of other vendors promoting their services from photography studio , insurances and home improvement . woodbridge ribfest is a-ok if you are in the area and want to have some ribs , but definitely not worth a special trip for the event !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had the pleasure of working with susan for a maternity photo shoot which was an amazing experience ! she came up with so many great , unique picture ideas that i would have never thought of , but she made sure that she captured all of my ideas & turned them into beautiful images ! the photos turned out better than i could have ever hoped for ! a couple months later i got to work with her again to do my daughter emma 's newborn pictures . any thing involving a newborn is a little more difficult than normal so i was a little nervous for the shoot . luckily susan is wonderful to work with and was so patient with the many prop position changes , diaper changes , spitting up & crying moments . i can not wait for many many more photo sessions to come & am sure she will be my family 's photographer for years and years to come .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough great things about susan and beautiful edge photography . she did my newborn photos and i was blown away . not only is she the most patient person i have ever met ( we had to wait two hours for my baby to fall asleep ) she was so kind , sweet and beautiful . i could not be happier with my photos . if you are looking for the best , , it 's susan ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! this was unlike any other head shot experience i 've ever had . susan took the time to understand my brand and simply did a fantastic job of getting that perfect shot . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we cant say enough good things about susan and beautiful edge photography . she did a fabulous job photographing our newborn . the entire session took several hours , and she was very patient and pleasant , while waiting for our baby to get comfortable , so she could get the right shots . she was affordable , on time , flexible with scheduling , and the photos turned put amazing . well be calling her for sure the next time we get family photos done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i scheduled my appointment with susan to update my headshot , i must admit that i was a little nervous . i am not a fan of posing for pictures and getting a good head shot feels awkward at best . however , the minute i met with susan , she completely changed my mind . before the photo shoot , susan asked me about my business , demographic , and what type of clientele i was looking to attract with my head shot . the attention to detail , thoughtfulness , and professionalism made me feel very comfortable and that i had a photographer on my team working to propel my business . i will be using beautiful edge for all updates and work events in the future . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , this place is ok. definitely not my type . first , i had limited choices on the menu . they had a lot of pork or bacon options and i do n't eat pig ... . so my choice was limited and i picked the alaskan cod with mushroom and dinner other veggies ... first it took quite a bit to get the food , and then when the food came the portion was literally a baby portion of food . a 10 yrs old kid eats more than that ... check the pic . will not go waste my money at another earnest restaurant ever again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been to the earnest a few times since it opened . we have always been very pleased with the food quality . menu is somewhat limited . however , it tends to change frequently , which provides variety . the restaurant 's decor is warm and modern . the only reason i do not give it five stars is due to the timeliness of the kitchen . we have been there both on the weekend and during the week and i always feel like our entr\u00e9es take a very long time to come out . otherwise the service is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wish i could post `` 0 '' stars ! ! ! ! we walked in at 6:00pm ordered dinner at 6:30 it 's 8:15pm and we are still waiting for our food to arrive ! the restaurant is not busy but it seems the service is extremely poor ! our waiter disappears for 10 to 15 minutes and we ca n't get a water refill . not sure what is going on - but we are never coming back here again ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we never did try cork but made it to earnest recently . we loved the atmosphere , the interior decor is minimalist , modern and beautiful . the food is imaginative and very well prepared . servers were very knowledgable and well trained . all in all , it is a scottsdale type dining experience in south chandler . you will pay a little more but it is worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , train wreck of a business dinner for 10 colleagues tonight . sat at the table for 2 hours with no dinner ( wait , 1 out of 10 entrees did show up ... .say what ? ) manager should have been at the table after 30 minutes . he she was n't there then or after we asked for him her . inexcusable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i highly recommend giving earnest a try . everything is made from scratch and locally sourced . the food was delicious and in a great atmosphere too . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we enjoyed a nice dinner here recently . we had the pork belly appetizer and chicken with brussels sprouts ( which were amazing ) and a great dessert . my only critique was that the pork belly was dry- i 'm used to a braised pork belly . the service was great ! the chef came out and was smiley and nice , scott and jessica were both pleasant and knowledgable as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "exceptional experience ! beautiful interior and patio , nicely crafted kids meals and outstanding dishes . tried pretzel appetizer , delicious ! had the pork rib chop for entree , perfectly executed . juicy , tender , a modern interpretation of a creamy potato casserole , terrific . nicely done ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "earnest is a little drop of sunshine in south chandler . if earnest is n't the best restaurant in chandler , i 'd love to hear from you . in my opninion earnest can compete with some of the top restaurants in any major city . i feel really lucky to have spot like this so close to home . for picky eaters ( or us vegetarians ) , everything is made from scratch , so if you want to make a modification , the answer is yes . who does n't love hearing yes ! - the zucchini cakes and champagne hollandaise are amazing ! - the wait staff is absurdly attentive and incredible . - the fried brussels sprouts , lets just say tremendous . not to mention any of the melt in your mouth delicious desserts . seriously try them all . bottom line . great food , amazing atmosphere , and located in south chandler ! i love earnest .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was good , service was fair . server seemed annoyed with serving us . when asked about bread service , he mentioned we could purchase bread . really ? ? ? i did n't feel compelled to buy their wine or look at their dessert menu at that point . take care of your guests ! probably wo n't be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm not really sure what the fuss us all about here . the food is good but a little over the top . it 's nice option to not have to go to scottsdale for this type of food but i do n't really want to pay scottsdale prices for a restaurant in a strip mall . the decor is really nice but the ipad drink menu was more annoying than helpful . everything we ordered was good and i liked having two options for sparkling wine by the glass .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really wanted to like earnest ... a local spot , just down the street . found the service painfully slow . the expertly prepared pork chop made up for a salty chickpea appetizer . make sure you have time for an extended dinner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we arrived at seven p.m. and did n't finish until eight thirty . most of our time was waiting for everything we ordered from drinks , to olives , to the main meal . the wait staff was pleasant and helpful . we had the short ribs and the pork chops . the latter was the better of the two . the short ribs were tender but not very flavorful , nor was the pasta under the meat . the air conditioner fans were so powerful and cold , the food was cold before we could finish eating . for two glasses of wine , one appetizer and two main course meals , the $ 100 tab was not worth it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hands down the best restaurant in chandler . earnest can compete with some of the top restaurants in nyc . everything is made from scratch ... ... as zagat would say food 29 , service 28 , decor 27 . enjoy ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there for happy hour last night . amazing ! we had the pork belly grilled cheese , parmesan fries and roasted brussel sprouts . everything was delicious . i have always hated brussel sprouts but i am now a convert . i would go back just for those alone . happy hour is a great deal . drinks are a little limited but we mostly went for the food so we did not mind . definitely recommend for anyone who likes interesting food . best bar food i have ever had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i have lived in seattle and minneapolis and eaten in wonderful restaurants all over the country and earnest rivals some of the finest cuisine we have experienced . it has a relaxed atmosphere and do n't let the location scare you ... it is amazing and the homemade desserts are out of this world ... danielle 's candy and banana cream pie are my favorites and for entrees the pork ham chop is awesome ! the staff is super friendly and honest with recommendations . we ca n't say enough good things about this restaurant and staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute place , but $ 25 for cod and $ 15 for a burger is excessive in the far burbs . well , interesting to see that the place closed . guess others agreed that $ 15 is a bit pricey for a burger in south chandler . i paid less than that in new york .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a great place . my wife and my default date night restaurant . upscale , good service with full bar and above average wine selection . we always leave happy . the short ribs are always good but so is everything else . the banana desert is by far our favorite . to find this gem in chandler is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , excellent food . this was formerly cork , and recently re-opened as earnest . i never went to cork , but may come back here again . we had three appetizers - lamb meatballs , prosciutto ( was n't on the menu , was a special that night ) , and mac and cheese . all three were great . my wife had the salmon , i had the buffalo brisket , both were great as well . good wines too , i definitely recommend visiting here and trying for yourself .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have been 3 times since it opened and have been happy when i left . in the past week they have introduced a new happy hour menu which was needed . many new choices at reasonable prices . food is excellent and service at the bar is great . give it a try you will be happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the atmosphere . especially outside by the fireplace . the food is also excellent . try their mac and cheese with the pork belly and portabella mushrooms . to die for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love earnest ! we feel like we have a 4-star restaurant within just a few miles of our home . we get nothing but excellent service and food here . my husband 's boss wanted to take us to dinner and we got the pick of any phoenix restaurant and we chose earnest . they have a great atmosphere too . if you go , you must get the soft boiled eggs . amazing ! i hated having to share them ! go and enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we left right after they poured the water . service was flat , and non-energetic . saturday night before christmas - no wonder we did n't have a hard time getting a short notice reservation .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the lamb meatballs are amazing ! the house made snickers bar is to die for and i do n't think i can ever have banana cream pie without an oreo crust from now on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my rating went down after this visit . i thought we were in time for happy hour . the waitress gave us happy hour menus . she said to take our time . happy hour ends at 6:30 she said . i ordered wine and dessert . the table next to me had a sandwich brought out and it looked delish so i ordered one . i was drooling over how good the ham looked . a few minutes later at 6:06 the waitress comes back and says that it 's after happy hour so i ca n't get that price and asked if i still wanted it . i said yes . then she came back and said that they do n't even make them after happy hour . i was so disappointed . the guy next to me was loovviinngg his sandwich . then moments later the woman on the other side of me then got the same damn sandwich brought out to her . come on ! ! ! ! you just told me they stopped making them ! ! ! ! i 'm super disappointed in you earnest . i just wanted some ham .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the sign out front has had me intrigued for weeks : pumpkin cream cheese doughnuts . what ! ? i finally picked some up this morning for the office , and they were delicious ! they tasted like a pumpkin roll ! this shop is on my way home from my current love interest 's house , so i felt pretty scummy walking in at 7 a.m. with last night 's hair and makeup . but i also really wanted doughnuts . great news ! turns out they have a drive-through , so no more walks of shame to procure the best doughnuts ever ( well , maybe a close second to jack frost ) ! the employees were so nice , and i was pleasantly surprised that it is not cash only , and they accept credit cards .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a dozen donuts for less than $ 9 ? that 's worthy of a star all by itself ! these are not mass produced `` ok '' donuts ; these are the real deal . full of flavor , fresh , and tasty . staff is very nice and the run down about to fall apart building is as clean as it can be .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there 's a dunkin ' donuts just east of here on snow road . it seems like it makes sense to compare them . at royal donut you get better prices , worse coffee and better donuts . sometimes they do n't seem as fresh but if you get up early you 'll be fine . at dunkin ' donuts , you payt more , get better coffee and all the dounts taste the same . they sell a bunch of yucky microwaved egg sandwich things too but do n't bother . royal donut sells donuts and coffee . i like this place but it might seem a bitt ratty to some people . it seems like it has been there since the sixties .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i gave this place two shots . the pumpkin cream cheese doughnuts were awful . went back a year later and got a chocolate eclair equally as bad not to mention expensive . you can go to a gas station and get a krispy kreme donut that tastes better than this place !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it really stinks that this store is so close to my house and the employees there are so horrible . i have had issues with the butcher who was extremely rude to me and did n't want to give me chicken ( he wanted me to get it from the case.. which it is cheaper by the pound at the counter ! ) . also the lady on the bakery was rude and inconsiderate when i was trying to plan a cake for my sons first and they refused to give me a smash cake because apparently you have to apply 2 weeks in advance . i was so angry i cancelled my cake and got one from publix with no problem ! it 's such a shame bc i really like ht but the employees at this location are absolutely horrible ! avoid if possible ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "eh . harris teeter is n't my favorite grocery chain ... but it is okay . produce is okay . there is no salad bar unlike the harris teeter close to my house . there are a lot of lunchtime options which include sushi , sandwiches that are made to order , and pre-made salads . prices seem higher to me than other options .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "harris teeter is extremely overpriced . their produce department is quite bad considering their prices . i unfortunately have to go to ht because it appears they have a monopoly on some items . you have to use coupons & be a vic member to get prices down to reasonable . as others have said the people in this location are n't as friendly as ht prides themselves . it 's because of convenience that i go here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the organize raspberries did n't last a day and i was only able to eat less than half of the container . the rest were spoiled . the following day i went to food lion and bought a container of raspberries , which cost less , and was able to eat almost all of the raspberries from the container .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this harris teeter is ok at best if comparing to some of the finer teeter 's in charlotte . however , the customer service at the indian trail location is top notch . everyone is super helpful and extremely friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a dump this place is becoming . all these renovations and a complete breakdown in service . no one ever answers the phones . associates blame others on problems rather than trying to help . pizza bar lost our order after receiving notification . cashiers are slow and lazy . publix ; when you coming", "score": "1"}
{"review": "being from florida , i prefer publix but this place is not too bad . fresh deli , bakery , huge wine aisle and all the other essentials one might find at a large grocery store . service is good from what i saw . good selection of locally crafted beers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love harris teeter but not this location due to the customer service ! the staff is very unfriendly to say the least . the overall layout of the store is pretty nice but the staff ruin that aspect . i will drive out of my way to go to another location . the management staff needs to learn how to deal with the public and teach their employees the same . i will never go to this location again ! i would n't even give it one star .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do you think when they build the pubix across the street they will fix the lights in the parking lot ? looks kinda sketchy with the parking lot lights out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "standard supermarket ! prices okay , but the customer service lacks hospitality . no one greets you or asked if you need any assistance . the guys from the produce dept . are a + . the ladies at the deli dept . just stand there looking at you as if you want something ! ! ! ! yeah ! ! ! i do want something behind the counter . no interpersonal attitude . i almost fell by the frozen food dept . on an open box that a worker was emptying . he looked at me and continued what he was doing . not even moving the box or even saying `` hey are you okay '' nothing . then you continue to the check out again no interpersonal activity . i know go to the self check out . unfortunately i only go there in an emergency because its steps away from my house .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would give the store itself 3 stars but the customer service is so lacking that its hard to do . i had a return and i did not have my receipt , steve treated me as though i stole it and refused to return it for me . it was a harris teeter brand so its not like i bought it somewhere else . but because he could not find it on my vic card , he not only refused , he rudely refused . before this incident i shopped here still but i would try to avoid customer service . i think there is an unwritten rule somewhere that smiles are not allowed . when it first opened it was a happy , vibrant place , not it is a sad depressing place . i have not shopped here since being treated as a thief . i guess in a way steve did me a favor by being so rude , i am now saving a lot of money at food lion ! i am shocked at the price differences and now go out of my way to shop only at food lion . thanks steve !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rachel is amazing ! this was seriously one of the most pain free brazilians i 've ever experienced . her wax was the perfect temperature and never felt too hot . everything was very sanitary . her room is decorated so adorably ! i would highly recommend going to see rachel . she is much more personal and attentive than one of those quick wax chain places . great experience ! will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , so this was my first brazilian wax experience ... it was way better than anticipated . i was so nervous and rachel made me feel so comfortable . she was so sweet and knowledgable . before i knew it we were finished . i love my results and loved the center . i will defiantly be back on a regular basis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from my very first visit rachel was amazing . she made me feel right at ease and made sure i was educated about everything . she is very easy to talk to and you almost forget that you are getting body hairs pulled out of their roots . this is one of the best choices i have made from reading yelp reviews . i will never see anyone else ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in need of a back wax and rachel fit me into her extremely busy schedule the very next day after calling her . the hard wax she uses was the best wax i 've had used on me and i 've been through a lot of spas . no mess and i did n't break out and it was surprisingly less painless than those other waxes . i will be definitely returning for her services again . the business is a little hard to find since there is no street signage but rest assured it 's right in there tucked away in the back . her office was extremely clean and nicely decorated too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to see rachel for my waxing needs for years . i followed her from one place to another , and i have to say , she is the best at what she does . she knows what she is doing , and is simply incredible . if i could give her more than five stars i would . i am a larger woman and have had some very unpleasant interactions with other waxers . rachel has never been anything but amazing and accommodating . i trust her with every bit of my skin and refer anyone who asks about waxing to her . wherever you are going to get waxed now ( if it is not waxetera ) you are missing out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just moved to the valley from sedona , az where i would regularly get my brazilian and eye brow waxes . i was skeptical about finding someone new due to the fact that i had gone through several bad experiences before i found my regular esthetician . when i found rachel she was the only one i could find who would see me at the times that i needed to be seen due to my busy schedule and she was very sweet , so i went for it ! i have already been back once and will continue to use her for my regular appointments from now on.i drive thirty minutes one way to get my waxes done and could n't be happier . also this is the least painful brazilian i have ever had hands down ! great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to see rachel and she is such a cool girl that does a great wax job ! love her studio space , very clean and inviting . she does both wax and sugaring which is nice , but i always prefer my hard wax . see her , you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just went in to see rachel for the first time today and i 'll definitely be back ! ! service was great , rachel was super nice and her set up is super clean and cute ! ! definitely loved that she educated me on all my hair removal options !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend and i called yesterday and she got us in this morning . this is the first time we have been to her , we both got a brazilian wax . she is very nice , professional and made the experience very comfortable . which is a really big thing anyone who has ever had a brazilian wax knows it 's an uncomfortable situation to begin with . her studio is very relaxing and welcoming . she did an awesome job we are very happy with our results . we will be regular customers and i will recommend anyone who 's looking to be waxed to go to her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love that i have a place to come to when i visit my brother ! thank you for the amazing customer service and services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so in love with this place ! rachel was so attentive to the way i wanted my brows and made sure they were perfect before i left ! her skills with lash extensions are unmatched as she was very efficient and knowledgeable about the entire process including aftercare . her adorable studio made me feel right at home and her wax was the perfect temperature . if you 're looking for someone to take care of your waxing extension needs i definitely recommend rachel !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "she did a great job ! very friendly and cute space . i highly recommend her and will be back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best brazilian wax in mesa ! rachel is so nice , and excellent at what she does ! i also love the skincare line she carries , i will be booking a facial very soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought a groupon and decided to try . so glad i did ! ! rachel was very laid back . easy to book an appointment with . quick access off the 202 freeway . clean studio with cute decor . made me feel comfortable throughout process . will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rachel at waxetera is very professional , her shop is very nice and comfortable . i had the lift and tint done and the results are amazing ... so nice to wake up looking like i have mascara on ! ! i will be going back for more of her other services and would highly recommend rachel at waxetera to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rachel recently did a brow tint and wax and it was great ! lovely place with personal , friendly service at a good price . i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rachel was so great , the spa facial she gave me made a huge difference in my acne prone skin . she 's easy to get along with and is so knowledgeable about the products she uses ! her body sugaring was so quick and painless , the best i 've ever seen ! her shop in mesa , az is absolutely adorble .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if there were more stars , i would give them to rachel , owner and operator extraordinaire at waxetera ( pronounced like etcetera but with 'wax'instead ) . i spent months `` researching '' if and where i should go for my first brazilion , and each time i looked at reviews for waxetera , there were more and more , all stating how great and comfortable the experience was . so i finally decided to contact rachel and make an appointment , and i found out for myself that everything positive that has been said about her is undisputably true . i would not hesitate for one second having rachel perform any of her services . probably the main reason that rachel is so great at what she does is because she loves what she does . it is clearly not just a job to her , but rather is a calling . you ca n't fake that , and that is what makes such a difference . run , do n't walk , to see rachel . you will not be sorry .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rachel is an amazing ! her skills in brazilian waxing and eyebrow shaping are unparalleled . she is the best brazilian wax in mesa , az . the products she uses are healthy for the skin non-toxic . her facial is heavenly and she educates you on what to use at home which i love . i highly recommend her for skincare , an esthetician that is always educating herself is the one i want to see . i hear she is beginning sugaring i will try that for my brows and brazilian next !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rachel is an amazing waxer ! she is very knowledgeable , experienced , quick , professional and pleasant . she makes a brazilian wax bearable . i highly recommend her and wo n't be going to anyone else for my waxing needs . also , her waxing room is spotless ! , which is super important . and not to mention it is serenely decorated making the experience a relaxing one . i ca n't wait to get my next brazilian !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when looking for waxing in mesa , look no further ! i went in for a simple brow wax , but decided to do a little more ... . rachel was so amazingly quick with my brazilian that i did n't even have time to flinch . she was knowledgeable and her studio is very relaxing and welcoming . her prices are reasonable and her kindness is priceless !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rachel is the best ! her studio is always clean and so welcoming . great conversation and an awesome job every time , so painless . plus , there 's not many places in this part of town that offer sugaring services . so happy i found her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rachel is incredible ! ! this was my first wax and it wo n't be my last . i 'm 7 months pregnant and although your skin is more sensitive , this was not too painful at all . i highly recommend waxetera .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tracy is very knowledgable and can get any baby sleeping in no time . i highly recommend her . great customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can honestly say that tracy changed my life and probably saved my marriage ! we used her gentle techniques on our very spirited and high needs 13 month old and he now sleeps 12 hours straight . i thought he would be impossible to sleep coach , but tracy 's technique made it possible and dare i say , easy ? ! very little crying ! we are all so much happier and well rested . thanks tracy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best money i have ever spent was on tracy 's services . i was exhausted and a total wreck after 7 months of very little sleep . i had trouble working due to the extreme sleep deprivation . by night 5 of tracy 's plan , our baby was soothing himself to sleep at the start of the night and could get himself back to sleep when he woke during the night . now he sleeps through the night each and every night ! ( 12.5 hours last night ! ) i get to enjoy time to myself and with my husband in the evenings . i 'm getting 8+ hours of sleep myself and am a rested , happier mama . by son is well-rested and such a happy little guy . tracy seems to have all the answers ; every tweak she had us make to our routine seemed to be just what our son needed . i will always be grateful and will refer all of my friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i call tracy the `` baby whisperer '' because she knows every little thing that needs to be done in order to get my baby sleeping . my 6-month-old successfully transitioned from co-sleeping and waking all night to his crib and sleeping almost through the night in the first three nights of her plan . we are currently on night 9 , and guess who slept from 7:30 p.m. to 7:30 a.m. last night ? ! ? all of us ! but perhaps the most important aspect of tracy 's recommendations are that it teaches the babies the skill of self-soothing without being left alone to cry and panic . i feel confident and empowered as a mother with tracy 's plan , because i know it is good for him . i can not say this about the other sleep coaches i interviewed . i sincerely appreciate tracy and her expertise . she is a true professional who knows sleep and babies like no other !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tracy saved us ! our sweet baby boy would only sleep for a half hour or so at a time and then would scream and cry his head off ! this went on for months . i do n't mean to sound like some late night infomercial , but we tried everything . books , special schedules , diet ... everything ! tracy was recommended to us by friends . after one week of her instruction my baby boy was sleeping through the night and now , nearly a year later he still does with extreme consistency . furthermore , on the rare occasions when he does n't , he has learned to soothe himself ! thanks , tracy ! we ca n't recommend you enough ! the circles under our eyes are gone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this-is-the-spot ! skip redbox and come here and buy a $ 1 2 $ dvd and own it . get pretty much any dvd , cd , game or piece of media through this store or any one of their locations . the employees are the type of employees i wish existed in every store . nice , aware and most importantly knowledgable of the stuff they are selling . pop culture savants . eclectic tastes and interesting personalities . you can get throwback handheld games , classic vinyl , little collectible limited edition items and even all the new material released . i highly recommend this and or all the exchanges . go for the thrill of finding something you never knew existed and never knew you wanted and buy it . you could also probably find an amazing gift for someone here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a nostalgic collector 's store of pop culture , toys , music , video games and movies . you can buy or sell new and used hard to find movies , dvd 's , cd 's , video games and toys . a fun place to browse for inexpensive entertainment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to come here all the time but now i walk past more than actually going in . i can usually always find a movie in the $ 5 or below parts but if i 'm looking for a newer film i 've found better prices from amazon . the $ 1 cds are nice for exploring new genres and finding those old '90s artist and recently they started organizing it so it 's much easier . my biggest complaint is the amount of staff . although they are all very friendly , they 're are so many roaming around that every 5 minutes or so i 'm asked if i need help . it makes you feel as if you are doing something wrong . a few years ago my brother and i attempted to sell a bunch of cds to them , all in good condition , but almost none were taken so i am unsure on how it is decided what is bought and i 'd not .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the exchange has the biggest inventory of used cds and movies in the city , so even if one location does n't have what you 're looking for , another location might . i bought a bunch of cds here before i started downloading everything , and i still occasionally purchase a ps2 game or dvd here . the prices could stand to be a couple bucks cheaper , but otherwise it 's all good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the most complete collection that i 've seen in a music store in a long time ! the only thing i did n't find was a separate electronica section , but overall still a great place . multiple copies of albums that i had n't seen before in any other store , old consoles and video games , and reasonable prices ( maybe a touch above what you 'd pay elsewhere ) . high points : huge selection , responsive staff . low points : no vinyl ( that i could see.. maybe i was n't looking hard enough ) . parking may be difficult in the evening , because it 's in a popular location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just found uptown online and have used them about five times to and from the airport . the cars and suvs are spotless and the drivers are very professional . it 's not much more than a cab fare for us from north scottsdale and an infinitely better experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience . easy reservation , price was reasonable . text for pick up was waiting when i landed . driver was very courteous & friendly ! will definitely use uptown again soon . thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed service to sky harbor for 3 adults & 2 children . they supplied car seats that were immaculate . sasha was there early and called my cell to let me know she was outside . she is an excellent driver and extremely pleasant and professional . i highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i heard about uptown car service from a colleague who swears by them - so when i needed transportation one particularly important night , i gave them a call . what separates uptown from every one of their competitors is their professionalism and service . absolutely top notch in every way : courteous , helpful , friendly , knowledgeable and most importantly , trustworthy . after all , a driver has my life and the lives of my loved ones in their hands . this is not a simple ride to from the airport . every single detail is meticulously perfected . let me put it this way : if you just need to get somewhere , take the bus . if you want a cheap ride in a filthy car , call a cab . but if you want to feel safe , appreciated and even pampered by true professionals who obviously recognize the importance of service , call uptown .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little new age gift shop in historic downtown oregon wi . huge selection of gem and mineral specimens . 3 plus cases of gorgeous sterling and gemstone pendants . candles , incense , essential oils , books and affordable gifts . check this place out if you are in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely adore this store ! i make it in once every couple of months for incense and a new crystal . it is a cute little shop with lots of different kinds of gifts ranging from spiritual , scents , books , decorations , jewelry and lots of crystals . the employees are very helpful and friendly . each crystal has a property card with the name so you can remember each individually . it does n't feel cluttered inside and it 's well decorated . love peaceful heart . feels good when you walk in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "warm & lovely environment , helpful , friendly staff . great selection of what you 'd expect . plus , classes and readings . i 'll be back soon , for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place makes very authentic ny bagels . i grew up on this stuff living in the nyc suburbs - and they definitely satisfy my craving for a taste of home . they have a great chewy crust on the outside and are super soft but dense on the inside . i have been to a number of well rated places in to and this is absolutely the most authentic ny style bagel . i went in the morning on a sunday and everything was still piping hot which was the best . the storefront is little but i was only there to grab a few and go . service was prompt and very cordial . i 'll definitely be back up there for a re-supply .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a new years brunch and bubby 's bagels provided the food . delicious bagels and really great dairy platters ( cream cheese , egg , and tuna scoops ) . food was fresh and beautifully presented . service was great and excellent communication .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good bagels . lots of options . pleasant staff . terrible muffins ... skip those . but the bagels are good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bagels are alright , just a different style than the one we like from nu bugel in kensington .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i agree with the other reviewer . these people call me , tell me they have worked on my vehicle ( even had the make and model which they obviously have gotten off some list as they have never worked on my vehicle before ) and then went to tell me that they are n't selling anything and then proceeded to try to sell me something . unbelievable . scam ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when you installed my windshield you broke my chromatic mirror . my receipt shows you as ultimate glassworks novus with same address . i have spoken with you ( owner is nasty ) and will pursue with all measures at my disposal . the date of the install was 5 17 2011 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there is n't a location on yelp for novus at cobblestone on germann and alma school . but that is where i went . i was approached by their glass repair person . i filled out the information and called my insurance company . they required me to have a separate validation that i had chips in my window . i got the call to validate and never went back to novus because of time constraints . i was contacted by another company that does mobile and i allowed them to take over the job . they informed me that novus had already charged for it . i feel like this is a bad practice and do n't appreciate companies taking advantage of my insurance . usaa is going to take the money back from novus and pay the new company . now my insurance company tells me that novus might contact me and ask for payment . ha right . let them try .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was the asolute worst service i have ever used in my entire life . this will now be the fifth time they are coming to fix my windshield and i doubt they will even show up . the first time , they brought the wrong windshield . the second time there was holes in the seal so there was squealing every time i drove . the third time the holes in the seal got worse ! then the fourth time they never showed up , and that was after the manager promised me it would be ready by noon . i feel terribly sorry for any person that chooses them in the future . this place needs to be shut down .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they just called me again too . they keep calling and i have told the guy of the bad experience that i had . i went to the old indian school location for a windshield replacement . they have since moved to cave creek road . not only did they not hook up my windshield washer line , but i later found that a molding piece was missing . they either did not re-install it or did it improperly and it blew off . i was assured a couple of times that they would order the part and call me ... ..never happened . i also have been in and spoke to the owner who gave me the same assurances ... still sol . poor customer service , yet they still keep calling soliciting my business . the last call reminded me that i should write a yelp review", "score": "1"}
{"review": "phoenix , az . rush hour traffic . speed limit 65 . one of your jackwagon drivers decided to slam on his brakes so he could roll down his window and have a chat with another novus glass truck driving in the center lane . very unsafe and your driver did not care that he was holding traffic up behind him . way to promote your company , jackass !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after my new windshield was installed it cracked a week later . the manager jason said they would send a tech out to replace it under warranty but he lied and they wont send anyone out ! ! now they dont answer or return my calls . ! ! this company is shady and dishonest i will never use them again ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as a native montrealer , this is one of my fav restaurants . this is saying a lot , since there are a ton of good restaurants in montreal . food is terrific - while the menu does n't change often , they always manage to do each dish slightly differently . the warm goat cheese salad is to die for , and the duck is always delicious . my boyfriend is obsessed with the smoked fish entree . the service is also good - the head waiter now remembers us , and always makes a point to say hello . it is always packed in there , so sometimes the service can be a bit slow . the fact that it is byob is perfect . love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice little byob ( beer & wine ) restaurant in the bistro style . the chef obviously has a sweet tooth , everything was sweet , including the salad . yes , even the salad was sweet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "are you listening , les infideles satisfies with class and fervour ! evan b. is right on with his byob details , a total win win . we also dined on the escargot , freakin ' holy moly taste ! i had the goat cheese brie crostini , never have i tasted such wonderful cheese than this summer in montreal ! merci ! and the greens were dressed with , possibly , a champagne vinagrette ? a truly refreshing dish . a pork tenderloin in a balsamic reduction was heavenly and the cravettes were cooked to perfection . we too walked through parc lafontaine and rue rachel is lovely . a great location for a pre- and post dinner stroll . the entire evening was a delightful date night . make a reservation and see for yourself .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only gave this two stars because the food was good . other than that , there only negative things to say . i will keep this short and sweet , i have never been to a restaurant with such poor service . it 's actually quite embarrassing . there are way better restaurants with the same quality of food that offer a better experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a byow restaurant , so that 's always a plus . saying that , i found the restaurant a bit over priced , the food is ok , do n't give me wrong , but nothing special in my opinion . it is good if you want to try something new but i doubt it can become your favourite restaurant . no parking in the area , so you better go by metro or cab .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of the best byow in the area . the food is always good and the service is friendly . if you 're familiar with o'thym , this should give you a clue as to what you can expect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "menu laissant \u00e0 d\u00e9sirer tout comme le service . d'abord le potage au brocoli laisse un arri\u00e8re go\u00fbt d\u00e9sagr\u00e9able en bouche . l'entr\u00e9e de ch\u00e8vre chaud a \u00e9t\u00e9 servie alors que le ch\u00e8vre n'\u00e9tait pas chaud , au contraire , on sentait le froid du frigo . le plat principal j'ai pris le filet de porc . aucune harmonie entre les saveurs . l'assiette est dress\u00e9e de fa\u00e7on peu app\u00e9tissante . consid\u00e9rant ce qui pr\u00e9c\u00e8de je n'ai pas voulu prendre ( risquer de prendre ) un dessert . je suis surpris que ce restaurant soit ouvert depuis aussi longtemps . je n'y retournerai pas . la majorit\u00e9 des 15 autres personnes de notre groupe sont du m\u00eame avis . trop cher pour ce que c'\u00e9tait .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "another chain i have visited recently . good place to catch red sox games if you do n't have an mlb package with your cable or direct tv . if you need to take proactive steps in order to consume a food is that good ? i really like the habanero mango sauce . on thursdays they have .60 chicken fingers ( boneless wings ) and i have gone a couple times and had them with the habanero sauce . problem is the sauce is very hot . spicy hot . when you eat it . as it works it 's way through your system . as it works it 's way out of your system . spicy . if you order wings ask for them crispy . they will cook them a little more and give them the nice crunchiness just like at home . other than wings and boneless and beer buffalo wild wings is probably a two star joint .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we met some friends here for wings and drinks . my first margarita was pretty good , good flavor and kinda strong . the gf and i shared wings , half sweet bbq , half spicy garlic ? . i thought the bbq were ok but i did n't like the garlic wings at all . they were served with the usual ranch ( or blue cheese ) dressing , and carrots and celery ( or fries ) . i just thought they were way over cooked . they were dry inside , and the only thing saving them was the sauce on the exterior . my second drink was a joke . i sent it back and it was still terrible . it tasted like stale mix . gross . the waitress must have been on her rag cuz she was a b . she didnt even say sorry about the drink , she just kinda grabbed it out of my hand before i even finished my sentence . her tip matched her attitude . : o ) i wo n't be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "grumble . i would hate to be measured by my worst day at work , but come on `` b-dubs '' i had a horrible lunch , errrr , almost lunch . i arrived at 11:45am , before the rush , placed a simple order , only to have you forget it and not even realize it . i walked out after 35 minutes waiting for a chicken sandwich . give me a break . the only reason i would come back is that i 've had good happy hour experiences with y'all . $ 2.00 drafts .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my 2nd time there tonight . pluses : our server from the first time remembered us - very nice guy . i like the tasting samplers you can get , the free trivia game and the tue thu specials . btw , there is no blue cheese in the extra-charge dressing . the food sounds better than it actually is - not bad , just not great . all in all i guess this is damning with faint praise . i like to look forward to restaurants . lots of tvs and neon beer signs - i get a nagging premonition that loud sports bars like this will be featured in the smithsonian some day as an example of our 21st century consumerism ... oh well , it 's close to home and my husband likes it ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the kids the sliders and french fries . we loved the appetizers and drinks !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they ran out of boneless wings . so we asked them to substitute the boneless wings in the sampler with chicken tenders . manager , brandon said no ... ... we ended up staying , only because the kids were hungry . otherwise , we were prepared to walk out.. of course the food we did end up ordering tasted good . but we were n't happy with the experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do n't come in for lunch ! ! ! ! came in on our lunch break because we work around the corner . after waiting 10 minutes for drinks . we finally got our order in and food did n't come for another 30 minutes . 45 minutes later , the manager tells us to call ahead next time . they did discount our meal but that was after i complained to the manager , who told us to call in ahead of time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went there last night and really had fun . i 'm not the biggest fan of tons of televisions playing sports games , but if that 's your thing , you 'll give it a five star review . we got the asian wings , which were delish . there 's nothing over the top or extravagant here , but then again , that 's what you should be expecting when you walk in the door . i got a flavored mojito , and it hit the spot . our server was really helpful , and handled our table of 15 well . my friend played the game where you try to catch stuffed animals with a claw , and he actually got one , woohoo !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you . this place is full of enthusiastic sports fans and there are tv 's everywhere ! it 's a sports bar on steroids.. the food is ok . typical bar fare . the waitresses are very pretty and also attentive enough so that you 're not waiting around for a refill .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hit bww last night to watch the ufc fight with a pretty large group . the restaurant bar was super flexible with us and took good care of us . we had a barage of drink and food . i tossed back a few cold ones and had a solid burger . did n't try any of the wings but many people at our table did and seemed pleased . overall it was a good atmosphere and well priced . i 'd go back if i was in the area", "score": "4"}
{"review": "from the moment we walked in the hostess was very friendly and welcoming . we asked for the wings extra crispy and when they came out they were n't as crispy we had hoped . so the manager came over and suggested we ask for them extra crispy and grilled ... so we did and they were amazing ! completely enhanced the flavor : ) everyone there was extremely friendly , welcoming and definitely made our experience wonderful . food was also delicious ... ca n't wait to go back ! : ) thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lets start with the good ... ... ..their wings are really good and large in size . tv 's everywhere ... ... .. the bad ... ... this location has a few antiquated projection screen tv 's that make what you 're watching look like a 1975 tv . please upgrade ! ! wings are now 1.10 each ... ..man oh man ... .when did wings get so crazy expensive ? ? a dozen wings ... . 13.00 ? ? ? 15 wings 16.00 ? they have so many specials that the waiter could n't even figure them out ... .. special calendars , drink specials , happy hour only at the bar ... ... .we were frazzled just trying to get past the rules . again , loved the asian wings , my jerk chicken sandwich was ok ... ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my wife insisted we try this place because she 's really into hot wings . got ta ' tell you ... . very , very mediocre . extremely average . it was a nice atmosphere- it was the last day of the regular hockey season with some important ( playoff implication ) games going on . service was really good too ... but , food was really lacking and it was barely ok. to top that , i ca n't stand when my food is served in a plastic basket ! if i 'm paying nine bucks for a hamburger , at least give me a frickin ' plate ! ! ! ! ! way overpriced as well .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "visited this location after an atrocious experience with service at the location on gilbert road ( a location i will never visit again ) . my groups server , paige , was incredibly friendly and efficient and maintained good table presence without being over bearing . the food was good , as expected from bww ( my favorite place to get wings ) . overall it was an pleasant experience and i have already returned once , and i will continue to do so .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bww has good food for a chain.. great place for a lunch beer and wings . there is a hidden gem in their traditional wings , get the traditional buffalo dry rub love them . the only way to go with wings !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my boys and i love coming here . my son is special needs and all the girls fuss over him and he loves it . great service . good food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "too many ticky tack changes . wings on special but you have to pay for ranch dressing ! service was n't that good . not coming back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place to watch any sporting event or ufc . the food always comes out fast and hot ! they have a very friendly staff and always make you feel welcome ! great job bdubs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sound system inside at bar is woefully inadequate - impossible to hear . there are no speakers above the bar area - all are behind and very high in the ceiling . the vertical fluorescent lights in the beer coolers are extremely annoying distracting as they are visible from all bar seats .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife and i go to this buffalo wild wings often , we find the beer selection is excellent and cold . the bartenders are friendly and fast . the manager that we like makes a long drive to run this location , he shows he really cares . he always has a smile . since we are regulars , we see the interaction between the staff and the customers , i will say it is unequaled . great tv 's all over the place and they will put something on for you if you ask . very up to date and a great atmosphere . i find the onion rings are some of the best you will find . the wings are large and really done well . just an all around great place to go . i would highly recommend this location . it is run very well and is very clean . update : it appears the owners of this location which i thought was doing great are planning to close this location down and move the franchise to casa grande . what a shame this is a great location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for happy hour with my best friend to grab some wings and beers . we were greeted and seated right away near the bar and had a big high top table all to ourselves . the server was really nice and attentive and got our drinks and food order . she saw my friend 's id first and then she asked for mine and looked at mine for a really long time , made a face , looked at my friend and back at my id as if i had her id even though she just looked at my friend 's id , and that was really annoying but whatever . i 'm way over 21 so i do n't know what her problem was . the wings were good and nicely sauced , the fried pickles were delicious too . overall experience was really good except the server we had needs to be a bit more professional with the whole id checking thing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this review is about this particular bww ... i love b-dubs ! i eat at b-dubs all over the country as my job requires that i travel a lot ! this bww is low on my list . the atmosphere is dark and drab probably because of the outdated giant projection screen over the bar ... they are extremely conservative with the sauce on the wings . i even asked for extra because of some of the other posts here but still ... almost dry . i did have a good experience with the staff . they were all very nice to me and made sure my drink stayed full . food came out quickly and was still hot ... if not for those 2 things i would have given this rating 1 star . this bww just needs to brighten the place up and not be so stingy with the sauce ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best bww in the area . the staff at this location is great ! this is always a busy place . they offer seating outdoors or indoors on the restaurant side or at the bar . i always sat at the bar or outdoors . they have tvs both indoors and out for you to watch the sporting events . the are reasonably priced both in regards to food and alcohol . the wings are the best ! anytime i am in the area i always stop here to grab a bite to eat and have a drink . the restaurant side seems to be kid friendly , they have games on both sides . the service is always quick and the food is always hot and prepared as requested .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite bww . great set up for watching football games . super friendly staff ! buffalo has the best wings , boneless and traditional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location isnt cooperate owned , service was bad they sat us at our table it took ten minutes before we were visited by a server about drinks . the restaurant wasn t even that busy and our waitress was rude and impatient when asking about sauce selections . i asked for extra sides of ranch and they charge for every side even though its not tuesday or thursday . i also filled out a survey that gives $ 5 off and when i went to redem it at this location they said since they are not cooperate they only offer $ 4 off . on top of that they changed the wing prices to snack , small , medium , and large portions . me and my son used to split 24 wings for $ 19.99 which is already alot but now the large portion is 21 wings for $ 19.99 . while this isn t a big deal just feels like they make up there own rules .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the interior is like a sports bar , except they specialize in wings with a million different favors ! ! ! we 've got a really good deal as well : ended up paying less than 50 cents per wing ! last but not least , did i mention all the waitresses there are super cute and or hot blonde girls ? i heart this this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped by for a quick couple of wings and some ice tea . the waitress took our order and sent it off to the kitchen . when the server came out with our order it was completely wrong . the manager came out and did an excellent job of making everything correct and even took 15 % off the bill . i like buffalo wild wing , and i was pleased to see that the manager has the ability to correct things . we are a loyal customer and will continue to go to buffalo wild wing at mcqueen and elliot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well i do n't typically drag my buddy places with me since he is not of legal drinking age yet , however , i wanted wings and a beer . we went on an off time hour and the staff was more than friendly and quite easy on the eyes . ; ) needless to say , the wings were great as usual , tons of tvs and no need of bumping into others . our server was n't very attentive and the drinks were a little on the polite side . i guess it pays to befriend the bartender !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my fav spot to chill and drink . all the waitress ' are awesome . 1 thing though . women ... .you do n't know what sports are ... .please stop ruining the games for men . stay home . and keep your children at home too . thhhaaannkkksss !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent place to watch football . great food , good prices , great service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bww has by far the best boneless wings ever . i hate wings most of the time because of fighting your way into bones . i actually never really liked them until i tried bww . the sports scene is great because you have multiple games going on from different sports . we went on boneless wings thursdays where i think each wing is 69 cents . what a wonderful number , eh ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place . i go to this one and the gilbert rd location frequently . love the beer , especially at happy hour or thirsty thursday . love the boneless wings especially the caribbean jerk and the asian zing . they make an awesome burger too . do n't forget to get a basket of buffalo chips with that burger .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love going to bww . $ 2 stella on thursdays and wings that are actually spicy . definitively worth the price . this place has a great view of a tv from almost every seat , and there are a lot of places to sit . i 've taken clients here for lunch and i 've never had a bad experience with a server . they may not always be fast , but i 've never thought they were slow .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bacon cheeseburger was the typical bar bacon cheeseburger . i have discovered , though , as i get older , that i do n't really like bars anymore . do n't like the atmosphere , do n't like the other patrons ... .kinda makes me sad . so even though the food was ok , i 'm sure i wo n't be back ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just waited 50 min for a kids mini corn dog plate and a lunch special of traditional wings and never got them ... i told them to pull the plug , cash me out ... one poor manager was kind enough to comp the tab for my beer as she was out cleaning tables and helping the servers while the other manager was wandering around aimlessly occasionally licking a window or two ... ..there was barely anyone there ... .never again and as a previous review stated dont come in for lunch ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this used to be a great spot for a quick meal or dinner with the kids . unfortunately everything that our family liked , they changed and ruined it . first the salad went to gross . then they got rid of the grill that made the chicken wings special beyond just wings . asking for the wings grilled gave them a nice extra flavor . then they added too much salt to almost everything . yuk , we have n't been back since .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have to urge everyone to check them out on thursdays . every thursday nite from 8pm to 1am ( when they close ) , everything in the bar is $ 3 . it was amazing , and this is every week . i do n't know how they get away with it , but it has to be one of the best deals right now for people with limited income with the economy . i would recommend checking them out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bww has always been one of my favorite places but this visit was a bust . the drinks came out quick but then it took forever to get our order taken . then the onion rings came they were very good hot and fresh however when the wings got there they were barely room temp . after we ate we were going to have a couple drinks but the waiter brought the check before we were done eating ! oh well we will go have drinks were we are wanted . granted we did get a good portion of the bill comped so i will give them another chance but this visit is a 2 at best", "score": "2"}
{"review": "owners also own location on gilbert road which seems to get more attention . service at bar area is good , but table service is hit or miss . not sure why you ca n't order a dozen wings anymore - when did it become 10 ? rumours that they are closing this location .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food ! jessica is the best she always remembers i want oranges instead of lemons with my agave wheat beer ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "met some friends at this location to watch the cardinals game . it was about the same as any other buffalo wild wings . the wings are good , and the beer is cheap . i really liked how big this buffalo wild wings is . it has a very open set up and a lot space . when i got up to go the restroom i never felt like i was blocking anyone 's view . there also were enough tv 's around so i had a view of the game from where ever i sat .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good place to eat . hate getting charged for extra ranch and sauce .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had cataract surgery and b & l lenses put in . after surgery my left eye was 20 80 , bad enough i could not read the big green signs on the interstate . after many visits and them telling me my vision was almost 20 20 they scheduled me for laser and no charge , that helped . my new doctor told me that was probably caused by using the wrong lens . the high priced lenses were supposed to give me near and far vision . dr. monson told me they were the latest and best thing available . i still wear glasses . the near vision promise was not fulfilled . these are the high points , long waits , not having the correct lens and having to reschedule surgery after arriving at their office . just got a bill ( they never sent me ) from a collection agency , two years after my surgery , insult to injury .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "upon walking into the office i was a bit perplexed . i thought i was entering a free clinic . i 'm still not sure . my appointment was for 1pm . i was n't seen until 1:50pm . had i been that late they would have cancelled my appointment . nonetheless i saw bryan monson , at least i think it was bryan monson , perhaps it was ( silver surfer : can enter hyperspace . tied nova he can enter hyperspace as well . tied green lantern ) the whole appointment lasted 1 minute 35 seconds . he referred me to dr. garcia in the office for surgery . explained it for about 15 seconds to my daughter . i guess i 'm too old to understand and was out like a shot . yeah , errr wo n't be going back . no thanks for the botox .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like dr. garcia and her assistant , i am not at all impressed with the billing office staff that work out of corporate ! i 've been trying to pay my bill for 3 months now ( yes , pay it ! ) and can not get anyone to call me back ! ! ! highly disorganized team ... .again , no concerns or issues with my doctor , she is great - its the administrative team that simply do not have it together !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the staff kept forwarding me around when all i wanted was to schedule a consultation . i was eventually forwarded to someone 's voicemail and i left a message . i was called back 6 hours later . i decided to go ahead and make an appt against my better judgement and spent a good 10 min answering questions . at the conclusion of this conversation i was informed i would have to pay $ 110 . for a consultation ? i have been to barnet delaney and all consultations are free , which makes sense because if you do go ahead with lasik or other procedures you are paying thousands usually out of pocket . and you may not even be a candidate for surgery in which case you would have just handed over $ 110 for what ? no thank you southwestern eye . honestly , how do you make make money with such poor policies and customer service ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so now im convinced that this place is a total waste of time . we 've had multiple visits and every visit is the same . they check my moms vision then her pressure then the doctor tells us to buy eye drops . she has macular degeneration and can barely see . the onl6 thing they 've done is send us a bill .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i come here all the time . the doctors are great an so are the back end medical assistants but the young lady 's the do the scheduling an referrals are so rude the argue with you on the phone when i hung up an called back to ask to speak to management they would hand the phone off to the same girl that was arguing with me an never transferred me think these lady 's need a couple hours of customer service training ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do not go here . wish i could give less than 1 star . just pain terrible . from the main office to the individuals working at several locations i have visited.billed my insurance in correctly . one office would n't let my pay with my hsa because she didnt know how . they screwed up my prescription glasses had to have them redone by another doctor within 2 months . rarely answer the phone in the home office . they never updated my address and after 2 years put me into collections for 10 dollars . all they had to do was call me they have my number . worst health care facility i have ever been to . go anywhere else", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing doctors and staff ! i worked with several doctors ( dr. monson and dr. owens ) , who all were very knowledgeable and friendly . mollie is with the staff , and she was extremely helpful with all procedures and questions . i had visian icl surgery performed by dr. monson . he has excellent bedside manner and was extremely knowledgeable . he performed the procedure with great care and precision . recovery from the surgery has been phenomenal , and i was back to work the next day ! within the first day i was seeing 20 20 , and my vision is continuing to improve through the recovery period . ca n't say enough about how amazing this surgery is !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing staff ! gave up their saturday to serve the community..providing free eye exams . samantha , valerie amd dr. patel went above and beyond to make us feel comfortable and answered all questions & provided free glasses ! thank you all for serving the community . may god bless you hundred fold for your time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. adelberg is excellent . he brought me successfully through a retina problem in one eye which developed after cataract surgery . he is supremely courteous and professional . i have been his patient for three years and was dismissed as stable in november 2016 with recommended regular annual check ups for the future . i have complete confidence in dr. adelberg 's competence and judgement .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had exceptional care . got me right in on an emergency basis and were very thorough . dr. sinek explained everything completely and set my mind at ease .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "southwestern eye care is the best . dr. adelberg is the best retinal surgeon . he saved me from going blind . i would recommend dr. adelberg to anyone needing eye surgery .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great staff . short wait . very close to appointment time . thorough examine . would like to have known a could n't get a prescription for new glasses in one visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when my doctor referred me to sw eye clinic ( stapley dr. ) i looked at all the negative yelp comments and almost ran away . i decided to give it a try but was prepared to march out if i did n't like what i saw . i needed minor surgery to remove a cyst on an eyelid . i saw dr. garcia and her assistant . i thought the waiting time for both the first ( exam ) and second visit ( surgery ) were reasonable and the office staff pleasant enough . the waiting room was almost full but they seem to move folks in and out quite efficiency . i was very impressed with dr. garcia and highly recommend you give her a try . she has a very impressive resume and gets right to the tasks . nobody likes surgery but if i ever have to have it done again i 'm going back to her . i ca n't comment about the back office as i have yet to receive any billing . if it is bad , i 'll say so .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i saw dr. owens . she 's great . very nice , knows her stuff , and i left there knowing exactly what i need to do for my eyes . so i do not have any complaints about the physician i saw . i have edited this review . the first time i wrote about sw eye , it was after receiving a bill saying i was late for payments even though i was not . i was not able to get a hold of anyone to pay the bill . i was frustrated with their service , however i have since found out why this was happening and things have been sorted . something went wrong with their system and bills were sent out with late notices incorrectly . i was called by someone and we got things squared away . i ca n't be angry at a place for a system error . brenda was very nice and helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got there at 8am , they had me in the back by 810am , and by 830 am i was done . had a diabetes exam so they had to dialate my eyes , which makes them very sensitive to light . they gave me some dark lenses to put behind my glasses also . the lady that dialated me was great too . friendly , nice , and i would go back in a heartbeat ... ..thanks southwestern eye center .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "south western eye center stapley location , place which i gone to for quite a few years . exposed their true color today . if you are unhappy with their work because of lack of proper asistive device , pray to god that they will not sick their supervisor on you . imho she in the past she was in the military as guard in abu ghraib prison . you have been forewarned .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've received outstanding care on numerous occasions at southwestern eye center ! i 've had procedures done by dr. adelberg and dr. garcia , i highly recommend both .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this the second time in about 6 weeks that i 've been here . i 've not been a patient , however . that designation belongs to my 70 year-old mother . she 's come here twice now for cataract surgery . i 've been impressed . from check-in to leave i 'd say we were here for maybe 45 min-1 hour total . and it seems it depends on what time of day you have your appointment . you might actually be done faster than that . the front office staff has been pleasant to deal with . i asked my mom how she found the back office personnel and she complimented them thoroughly . her doctor is michael campion who has received very good reviews on other sites like healthgrades . the waiting area , while packed both times , is very pleasant and not overly brash . the location is conveniently located off the 60 and stapely . i 'd say if you are looking to have any particular eye condition examined and or corrected , you should consider southwestern eye center .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this company has to have the worst customer service in the world . i received a bill which i am questioning - i have called the phone number listed on the bill 5 five yes that is five times - your call is important to us leave a message and someone will call you back -- well for 5 times over a three day period i have not had any call backs . and as far as i am concerned they will get their money or a call back from me after the 5th time they have returned the call . the doctors are fine and the nogales office staff is top notched but the rest of them ... ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very friendly helpful staff . they really made what 's usually a bedrudging visit ( going to the eye dr ) fairly pleasant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "r cataract surgery dr. petersen 2 2 17 . vision anomaly developed 2 11 17 . small tear in retina . surgery by dr. adelberg 2 14 17 . going back to see him today . the staff is kind and accommodating . drs . owens and sinek caring , attentive and professional . wait times in office not extreme . have been only charged small amount outside of everything being covered by my insurance . bdpec could not have accomplished all this if someone paid them ... ... ... ... ... ... ... oh someone does pay them . highly recommend swec . getting the l cataract done asap .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really need to stop coming back . every single time , and i mean every single time i go to kfc they manage to get my order completely wrong . it 's so frustrating the lack of customer service and quality insurance . i really wish my nephew did not like this place . i have spoken to managers on several occasions when my order has been incorrect . obviously , it really does n't help because i can be assured on the following visit something will be missing , wrong , or just taste bad . i really wish zero stars was an option .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my experience was through the drive-thru . i was immediately greeted and my food was prepared packed right away . the lady at the drive-thru window was friendly and my order was accurate . i came home to hot pipping chicken with some sides . the quality of the food was good for the price . there are many value meal options to choose from .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely love kfc but definitely not this one . i asked for mac n cheese and i ended up having mashed potatoes . my food was cold as if it 's been sitting for 30-45 mins . i do n't think i 'll be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "always out of something , which is interesting since they never seem to have customers . chicken strips always tast like they are old - left overs from day before ? ? ? their workers are always grouchy . go the extra couple miles and visit the kfc on van buren .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "disgusting old burnt chicken . do n't go to that kfc . indian school and 75 ave better . wow", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no pepper no crispy chicken no pepsi what a joke this location is i figured i 'd try again all the things they did n't have was just what i heard standing in line than when i ordered chicken tender meal was told 20mins ! think it might have been the kids first day at the register and could n't hear a word he was saying", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we were hungry for chicken and mashed potatoes , chicken was not bad , but they had no tinsel 's to eat our mashed potatoes i ca n't believe this , no spoons no forks for our mashed potatoes we had to go next-door to the gas station corner store for a spoon thank you people at the gas station ps i would not give them a star but i had to finish this", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't expect this store to have the 'daily special plus they do n't have the courtesy to even answer their phone . seems to be common with this chain in the avondale area .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nothing is more exasperating than gettin short ordered and you find out when you get home ! they have these kids working there who just do n't give a sh t and could n't care less cause they have their heads up their butts . not worth it to go back for the extra side i ordered but it will cost them more than that with poor reviews ! check everything you order so you do n't experience this bs ! not worth even one star !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered 10 pieces of kentucky grilled chicken . they ran out of them and they advised me to wait 20 minutes . after i got my order , i went home and realized that my grilled were still not fully cooked . there was blood everywhere in the bucket..i dont know what wrong with this place . i will never come back to this store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we used to come here all the time but new ownership brought on very greasy chicken . no thank you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i came here to get dinner to go . we walked in and it 's like they never heard of ac ! hot as can be , flies buzzing around , no rating on the building . this place is repulsive and i will never return . kfc has gone down hill over the years , it 's definitely not like it used to be that 's for sure . this place is dirty and gross ! i guess they 've never heard of cleanliness before !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't know why kfc has a hard time getting orders right . i gave them one more chance after the ladt 2 scew ups ... i waited 15 mins for hot wings and then told i had to wait 10 more mins for hot wings..i just asked for my money back . but it seems like all the kfc 's have issues in customer ratings around here ? i know it 's not a high paying career but should n't it be expected to get what you ordered ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went there to get a family meal , service was quick and the cashier seem like grouchy . we got home was ready to eat then there was no biscuits at all ! ! meal came with 6 biscuits . its like dude you got one job , 1 damn job ! ! ugh this was n't the first time that it happened .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a poorly managed kfc , it never fails ... something is always wrong or out ! tonight the manager told us she was out of hot sauce and to come back tomorrow ! ! what ! i ordered cole slaw , got just add water mashed potatoes ! ! i called back to let the manager know over 4 times and the phone just rang and rang ... i should have looked at the reviews before passing up over 10+ well managed restaurants that would appreciate my business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not a bad kfc as far as these thing go . sometimes you just want something bad . it takes a bit longer than some other fast food places but that 's because they 're frying it up fresh right ? really no issues here and it 's not fine dining but , the heart wants what it wants right ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they almost pride themselves on getting your order wrong . several times in a row they forgot something . make sure you ask for napkins , sauces , and utensils . absolute failure .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went to kfc for dinner since burger king does n't have chicken fries anymore . they were pretty busy so we had to wait a few minutes to order . i asked for the original recipe bites with mac & cheese . the girl at the counter said there would be a wait for the bites and we said that was fine . we only had to wait about 4 minutes though . surprisingly the bites were n't very warm , but they were juicy at least . the mac & cheese was good , although i think they skimped a bit and could 've filled up the bowl some more . they have weird sporks . they look like little shovels with teeth . also the workers here always seem a bit disjointed and they are always out of something . every time . without fail . but we still like coming here for the simple comfort food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not a lot to say . food is poorly prepared , the last time we ordered hot wings we got two of the little end wing pieces included as wings . just a soggy , greasy , crazy expensive hot mess . find another outlet if you really want kfc .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bad customer service & no chicken strips or popcorn chicken . so why are they open ? how is this place still in business ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "beautiful fabrics , attentive sales associates , and a friendly dog - what more could you want ? ! very happy with my first visit , and i 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "each time i have been to this store the staff is always very helpful . ashley walked around he entire store and gave me 4 different options for fabric and even included pillow options and other ideas that would brighten my room . when i went back to decide between two fabrics jodi and lori were also very helpful . the design expertise compensates for the higher price . it was much cheaper than getting an interior designer 's opinion .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fabrics were beautiful with a great selection to order . but be careful when ordering . my fabric jumped 330 % when an extra 12 yards had to be ordered for my project . went from $ 23.98 a yard to $ 79.98 a yard . they never informed me of the increase until it was ordered , cut , and then nonrefundable . when discussing my bill i was treated disrespectfully , interrupted , hung up on , and insulted . horrible customer service !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great experience from the moment i walked in - beautiful fabrics everywhere - beth helped me right away and seemed to pull ideas together effortlessly . they were having a great sale as well . i 've already been back again . feels like family and they even have a cute little dog .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a small space , brightly lit and somewhat barren . a couple of wobbly ceiling fans waved to me as i entered , and a short , friendly man popped out from behind a tall counter . he was a nice guy , super eager to please . i waited a little while for my pizza , and it appeared that the short man was the only one on duty , and most likely always is . turns out they deliver , and the menu shows an offering that expands beyond the restaurants misleading name of pizza to the second power . the pizza is actually quite good . it 's blatantly apparent that the cheese and sauces are higher than average quality . the prices are decent for a pizza shop , and they have a few specialty pizzas that help strech your dollar . it 's a fun and simple atmosphere , but do n't let the rundown appearance distract you from a tasty meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the meat lasagna was by far the worst i think i 've ever eaten ! ! the layer at the bottom was so chewy you could barely cut thru it let alone chew or swallow it and the sauce was also very tangy almost sour tasting , they also forgot my breadsticks and the delivery guy was rude . best part about it was my little piece of chocolate cake and the decent tasting cheese sticks . so much for trying somewhere new ... never again ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has really awesome strombolis . i found this out a few months ago , when i was missing the east coast . now whenever i need greasy goodness it 's my go to spot . unfortunately it 's never really busy . so i 'm writing this review so that people will check it out . i do n't want the only pizza place in walking distance to shut down .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're tired of the same old pizza hut , papa john 's , dominos pizza all the time , give this place a try ! owned and operated by one person so its clear he does n't advertise well or have a website , and the place has a bit of a dull look . to be honest i 've never dined in here . i always take my order to go . the place is empty most of the time and it 's sad to see he 's losing all the business solely because of lack of proper advertising . that 's the only reason i can think of because the food is excellent . i go here at least once a week ! the cheese they use is spectacular and the gyro specialty pizza is a must try ! try it and you will not regret it . i hope this place thrives because honestly , i 'd hate to see it go . btw , for those concerned , their meat is halal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "alright , the guys who work here were all very friendly ; however the food was terrible . we got meatball subs . the meatballs were crusted over from either frying or sitting out ... not sure . the fries were too salty . i would n't go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i know , i know ... after all the bad reviews , why ? because i like to form my own opinion and ... there has n't been a review in a long time . so , i ordered the white pizza and it was just a ton of cheese . i could not taste the ricotta at all . the cheese sticks were cold which made them hard and the breading super crumbly . not good quality . the 2 stars are for being here in a timely manner .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "seedy . same guy that takes your money , walks back to prep your food . salad lettuce tasted unwashed . pizza toppings were ok , but dough and crust unacceptable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible food . arizona cheese steak horrible microwave food black rotten onions . oil the wings are fried in taste old . the guy running the place is a unsanitary jerk . place is full of flies , found hair in the sandwich . the owner overcharged me . stay away zero stars ! place should be shut down .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i doubt this place will be in business by 2016 . gyro lacked meat , pita bread stale , sauce was okay . same guy who rings you up and handles your money , will go straight to preparing your food . no gloves , no washing . i usually go to mikas greek that is literally .2 miles away but i figured i would try this place out and i deeply regret it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "but only because eat24 sucks and after an hour i called the restaurant who hung up on me . nice way to treat customers so i suppose we will never know if they suck or not . yelp - way to go . 2nd time this failed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was so excited to see the gyro sign . i do n't know what they served me exactly but it was n't a gyro . i took pictures because i have never seen thick cut jerky in a pita covered with mayo and lettuce . i felt worse for my husband , he ordered their eggplant sub . the parts that were n't burnt were soggy with grease . the burnt onion rings were the best things we were served . the service was less than friendly , we felt like ordering food was a bother even though we were the only customers in the 40 minutes we were there . it is so close to home but not worth it . $ 22 for lunch for 2 , half of it was thrown away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just ordered from this place . the pizza took forever and both pizzas were terrible . the toppings and cheese all slid to one side , with a third of it completely off the pizza and the pizza was cold when it arrived . also , i ordered spinach on one of my pies . what they call spinach is not fresh , but rather frozen spinach that they threw on top of it . it is awful . i will never order from here again nor do i recommend that anyone else does .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "everything is halal per owner . we order gourmet chicken pizza and it was n't bad . the turn off point for us was when the owner charge $ 17.99 instead of $ 16.99 as advertised on his menu . upon inquiry he acted that nothing was wrong and kind of argued with us on how his system had the right price . here is the funny part though ; $ 16.99 was not only listed on his paper menu but on his board menu and on his website too ! so why he is charging $ 17.99 and then acting up that he did n't know about it at all is beyond my understanding . good thing we noticed but imagine how many people have just paid whatever was told ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decent food for delivery ! spinach ravioli , veggie pizza and eggplant sandwich . ordered the spanakopita but they called a few mi b utes later letting me know they did n't have it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the best pizza is now at teatro pizzeria in north scottsdale . it is not to be missed . the pizza maker has been brought over from rome , where he has been making pizza for oder 30 years . it is located in the summit mall on north scottsdale road.they make calzones which are to die for . you must go ! ! ! open for lunch too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love pizza pizza . good pizza and wings . the 20.99 deal with xl 1 topping pizza and 24 wings is great . being from ny i 'm pretty picky , so its nice to have this place nearby .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried it once and will never go there again . the sandwich was almost empty and taste nothing but bread . ordered fires was really small and they charged me $ 3 ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just received a delivery order from a super friendly guy from piza pizza . great hot wings and mozzarella sticks ! prices were great and i 'm impressed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being an avid wing fan lover i am one to go exploring in search of the best wings in town . and boy , this place was not it ! upon ordering , an italian man which i believe was the owner was rude and seemed like was not satisfied with his job . i asked for 20 wings for $ 16 which i thought was a bit high . after retrieving my wings i payed the guy and seemed like he wanted me to leave a tip . well excuse me , i only leave a tip if the service was great and i actually got served . no the wings were `` to go '' so no tip left . now to the wings , man they were n't good at all . they were dry , overcooked , and sauce was not good at all . seemed like store bought franks red hot as i got the medium wings and bbq sauce was bland as well . overall service and food needs to be improved and i `` may go back . '' disappointed yelper ! : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "im from the east coast and the pizza and strombolis did it for me . im going back . owner was cool and the place though small was kinda like back home", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not that good . deep dish pizza did n't have sauce on it ! ? ! what 's up with that ? crust was spungy and not that good . tasted frozen ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really close to the best western papago , which is great . bout a two minute walk from our room . they have a big selection ( pizza , pasta , salad , wings , sandwiches , cheesesteaks ) . not too expensive . the food is what you would expect from a place like this -- not bad , but not the greatest . not for someone looking for a fancy meal , but for this who want fast , convenient food , it 's a good option .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they were nice when i bought a pair of shoes , full-price . the shoes subsequently fell apart about 1 month later . i do n't live nearby , so i asked them to send a bit of shoe glue to help me repair it . they were n't willing to mail $ 5 tiny tube of glue to me , so i have to pay another shoe repair shop to do it . i honestly think it should n't have been a big deal to mail me some glue , especially since their product did not hold up to a month of light wear . anyway , i give them 2 stars for mediocre customer support .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after hitting four different big box stores while searching for hiking books , i tried this place as a last resort . even though their selection was much smaller and i have tricky feet , they took the time to help me , answering all my neurotic questions , and i left with a pair of excellent boots . it was very refreshing after having no luck at the bigger stores like sporting life , whose idea of customer service is having their sales people stare at you while you try on their shoes , but have zero knowledge of the actual products .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there for my wife 's birthday . the main dishes were very good , i had the stuffed burger , my wife had the meatloaf , mother in law had a salad which looked amazing , father i ca n't remember what he had and my kids had a chicken finger kids plates . i was contemplating between a 3 and 4 star , because the service was really not good , kitchen was really slow and we went on a monday fairly early so it was n't crowded . the server seemed to be a bit overwhelmed , although very nice and attentive , there were a couple other people that worked there that were n't as busy and were doing quite a bit of talking . my fries were luke warm at best unfortunately , the reason i would go back was again the main dishes where good , the kids portions where very generous for the price . not sure i would take work clients there , but definitely take my family .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food , friendly service , lovely atmosphere ... who could ask for anything more right ? this place is n't in a noticeable spot but once you find it you 'll be glad you did . i 've eaten there 3 times do far and every time has been good . my favorite dish so far is the fried chicken and waffle . amazingly good ! do n't miss the rosemary chicken , blackened ribeye sandwich , or their cornbread . one thing i need to mention also ... the prices are very reasonable . check this place out . you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place sucked and i 'm glad they 're closed . the people saying it could n't sustain business because of location are wrong . tlc wings next door does just fine . why ? because their food is good . even after restaurant impossible , they could n't maintain high standards for their food and service . i hate to see local places go under but this place had no business being open . owners were horrible , food and service sucked . sorry .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place really was excellent . i was there with a party of 7 . every person loved their meal . the service was amazing , staff friendly . owner came by . we never needed anything . food was amazing . when we arrived at 5 we were the second table , by the time we left the place was packed . i wo n't detail what we had . everyone had a different meal and everything was incredible . i will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a small place but well kept . chairs were a bit uncomfortable though . the waitress was apathetic and i did n't get any of the much touted corn bread ( she did n't offer and i forgot ) . i had shrimp and grits and it was tasty . used the check-in for fried oreos and they were good also but i 'm not a huge fan of frying sweets . the table behind us had a different server and she was much more engaging and they got corn bread , so if i had her i would 've given sweet tea 's four stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came to sweet t 's for lunch today and it was ok . the service was excellent and the prices were very fair next to what you got ! my server erin did a great job . i had the potato skins appetizer and the chicken and waffles lunch entree . the potato skins were great . i loved that they used both goat cheese and feta . the chicken and waffles were ok . the chicken was cooked perfectly but has a bit too much rosemary for me , and the waffle was a creamed corn waffle . it tasted good but it fell apart when i tried to eat it . all in all , i 'll be back because the rest of the menu sounds yummy and the people were really nice . -sk", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my wife & i tried out sweet tea 's because of an amazon local deal . turned out to be a great little restaurant ! cozy atmosphere , and the staff was so nice . the good was great ! we had the shrimp & grits , the bang bang shrimp , and the sweet potato fries ( which they lightly salt and drizzle with honey ) . it all tasted great ! def going back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to have dinner . a hidden gem . i has the crab cakes and sweet potato fries . must save room for desserts . their portions are huge so expect to bring home a doggie bag . we will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "although in a nondescript strip shopping center , sweet tea is very nice little restaurant . the first thing i saw as i walked in was a fire in the fireplace - automatically creating a cozy atmosphere . this is sort of an `` upscale meat and three '' type place - but no canned vegetables here . i ordered the vegetable pot pie which can easily morph into a chicken pot pie as an adder . the serving size was generous , the sauce was very rich and good , it was topped with puff pastry and thank goodness , the vegetables were n't killed ! my server was attentive and kind . definitely give sweet tea a try . look for it a couple of doors down from the bi-lo across 51 from the hospital in pineville .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the fish and chips and ended up very sick for the rest of the day , i wanted to try it for the sake of it being on restaurant impossible . however i have been extremely sick to my stomach for the past 24 hours .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came in for lunch today with my mom . service was friendly and decor was very pleasant and inviting . my mother ordered a blfgt , which is a blt with a fried green tomato . i thought this was a unique concept for a sandwich and she was pleased with her food . i ordered the shrimp po boy and it was extremely flavorful . the only disappointment was the macaroni and cheese side we both ordered . i am definitely a mac and cheese snob and my standards might be a little too demanding . i thought the flavor was lacking but i still finished every bite , so it was n't bad . just nothing special . i would definitely recommend this to anyone excited by southern cuisine because they do have some unique ideas and great veggie options , including a veggie pot pie and black bean burger . will definitely come again and try something new . i am also a pickle enthusiast , and their complimentary dill pickle spear with each sandwich gives them a thumbs up in my book .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we used sweet t 's for catering and we 're not very impressed with our choice . we went with a burger bar , and realize we should have gone with something else . the burgers literally looked like hockey pucks and were not very flavorful . we also got 1 4 order of the chicken and those that tried it said it was alright . we were impressed with the organization of the catering and that the guy who delivered went back to the restaurant for metal racks and sternos to keep the burgers warm . we would like to try the actual restaurant in the future .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i agree , the restaurant seems to have outgrown its location . but that is at least a good sign in these days ! i really enjoy the atmosphere ; the inside is nice and fresh looking . i think their dishes are great , i love any of the vegetables . and of course , you ca n't go without getting sweet tea ! if you have room for desserts , go for it , they are also really good . i think most of the items are fairly priced , a few do seem a bit too high .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good southern cooking . meatloaf and bang bang shrimp were very flavorful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service was fast . staff was polite . my first time at the establishment and i ordered chicken and waffles to go . the chicken had a burnt appearance , but i was informed it is brined first hence why it does n't look like typical fried chicken . also because i ordered it to-go the presentation of the food is n't as nice . i 'm not sure if i 'd dine here again . one thing i would n't order is the fried chicken or waffles .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "comfort food ? yes . i am very comfortable with sweet teas . i 've had the chicken and waffles , the shrimp and grits and the new salmon burger . great service , good music , modern atmosphere . that 's my spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to this place based on the menu i saw posted on yelp . after i arrived i started to read some reviews just to see what this place was all about . i now know why they were on ri . why do they have a hostess stand when all employees run and hang out in the back ? why is the hostess register stand filled with crappy impulse items ? i ordered the country fried chicken with greens and mashed then received the country fried steak . lucky she was cute and i do n't send food back or i may have walked . i 'm glad i did n't though . the food was good . the steak was tough but i do n't think they have an awesome chef there . the greens and mash were very good with a side of cornbread which was outstanding . this place has a shitty location and they played smashmouth and janet jackson a little loud for my taste . the service was ok , which it should have been great because of the lack of people in the restaurant . it 's just ok .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we 've been wanting to try this place ever since seeing the show , but have n't been able to until tonight . after reading some of the latest reviews we almost changed our minds , but went anyway . so glad we did ! the decor was lovely and warm ( as we knew to expect ) , the service was friendly and prompt , and the food was very good ! i had the bang bang shrimp which was perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned . my husband had the rosemary chicken . he normally does n't like dark meat , but he ate every bite . i was a little disappointed in the cornbread -- it was a little soggy and dense -- but it really was an excellent meal . we will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been twice , will be back again . shrimp and grits or meatloaf ! thanks for having the servers take payment . nothing ruins a good meal like waiting in line to pay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was surprisingly superb . i 'd purchased a groupon and thought what the heck . i ordered the chicken and waffles based on the recommendations of yelp . i was not disappointed as the waffles were the best i 've had in this area and the chicken was seasoned well and tender . i will return here despite it being far from my home in north charlotte .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have gone to sweet teas a couple of times now . a few times for dinner and once for lunch . my husband and i love the fried chicken and my kids both love the stuffed burger . the fried oreos are delicious and such a novelty for our family to share after dinner . we have noticed that the food is better when they are busier . sweet teas is 40 minutes from our house and we think it 's worth the drive and will be going back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did n't really care for the meatloaf , but loved the appetizers and cornbread . the service was very accommodating and the food came out fast . i will probably give this restaurant another shot , but will order something else . the fried chicken and waffles that i observed on another table looked very good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "return update : i returned with a different coworker than the last time . he opted to go with a stuffed burger , picking swiss and bacon . i could definitely tell his bacon was actually cooked for him . good job , team . this time around i chose the meatloaf . it was okay . seemed to possibly be a little over done ? the mashed taters were good and the green beans infused with bacon were very tasty ! the yelp ! check-in offer still seems to be a bit of a joke . they have also changed the cash out procedure , putting it in the hands of the server now . read my first review if you 're confused . i would probably go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is always good . we 've tried much if menus from fried green tomatoes to shrimp and grits to their assume desserts . not for those on diets but never been disappointed yet . service is always warm and friendly", "score": "5"}
{"review": "come here for the excellent food but save lots-o-room for dessert . there were several choices , i had trouble deciding . finally went with the apple crisp ( made here ) w ice cream . fantastic . will return , hopefully soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this place out after all the hype died down . if i could give it 2 1 2 stars , i would . this place was just ok ... i ordered the chicken and waffles , my coworker had the chicken and dumplings special . my fried chicken was fried nicely , but who puts syrup on chicken ? then the corn meal waffle was crumbly and not good at all . i like a traditional waffle when i eat chicken and waffles . my friend thought the chicken and dumplings were ok . i tasted it , and it was a bit bland . nothing to write home about . cracker barrel 's chicken and dumplings have a better 'taste ' . this was a try out for a new lunch spot and i doubt i will return . not impressed at all .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing this is my first time coming here . i saw that it was on the show restaurant impossible ( hosted by chef robert irvine one of the world 's best chefs . ) he and his crew made this place look great and the food has legendary ! i had their southern fried chicken breast-awesome ! crispy , flavorful breading on the outside and tender white meat chicken on the inside . i will definitely come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow followed up and went there in person . it was so warm and cozy - i worry about them because of their location - it 's not easy to find . service was spot on and my shrimp and grits were devine . my husband almost licked his plate with the dry roasted ribs and sweet potato fries . the app special of deviled eggs with a sugar bacon was to die for and lasted minutes . finish with the fried oreos - county fair food from childhood but better and key line pie . this is on my favorites list with foodie call and have yet to be dissapointed but this was well worth the visit and we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after hearing sweet teas was on restaurant impossible ( and always being curious about robert 's food ) , i had to give this restaurant a try . 1st , you have to sit in jason 's section , he is very attentive and professional . 2nd , i ordered the stuffed burger , it was good . the fries are fresh and not frozen . since i never visited sweet teas beforehand , i do n't know how it was , but it is a good place to become a regular . not overpriced and the food is tasty . the one drawback is that it is hidden behind the starbucks so you may drive by it . this is a good place that will become a big hit soon , so get here quick .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sweet teas is amazing ! i eat more food here than i eat anywhere else ! their country fried chicken is amazing with it 's delicious breading and fried to perfection ! it is served with smooth mashed potatoes and the best white pepper gravy you 'll ever have ! plus they have amazing service , everybody at sweet teas is so friendly ! amazing food , amazing service and amazing decor ! what could be better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was one of several restaurants my wife and i frequented , so we were disappointed when we discovered it was closed . the food and atmosphere were good and the restaurant received a very good bump from their restaurant impossible makeover . my wife and i , however , could see they were having problems substaining the traffic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i sent this shop a message on facebook about installing and overhead dvd player in my truck . within a few hours i had a price that was significantly less than a local big box , and cheaper than the shop i have used for the past few years . after giving my normal shop a chance to be closer to their price to no avail i made an appointment with nate to get it installed . shop was nice , a real grown ups playground of various live demos . sub woofers and speaker boxes stacked to the ceiling , there are no issues getting what you want quickly here . install was quick , every employee here had a smile on and really seemed to enjoy their jobs . before you run out to your local best buy or other big box , give these guys a call ! support your local business making a living , not the yacht buying ceo at a big box !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so , i was a liitle optamistic judging by the neighborhood but once i got inside i was greeted right away by a guy named scottie karate . he is very knoledgable and had the most upbeat , fun , positive attitude . this made my buying experience enjoyable . i can tell he was genuin when recommending products i needed to replace or what amps i should keep to save money . i could tell he was n't just trying to sell me stuff but he truely wanted me to have the best sounding stereo possible . when i got the price for everything i was shocked at how fair the prices were . i had gotten a previous quote from another stereo shop and this place killed them on their prices . when i picked up my car and it sounds amazing ! ! ! i 'm so glad i came here and from now on this is the only place i will trust with my car 's stereo ! i will recommend all my all my frineds and family to come here as well . thanks for the awesome prices and service guys ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scotty was so caring and passionate about helping me get the best i could afford knowing i was just a family man that wanted to jam out when the kids were n't in the car . he managed to make me feel important even though he was shuffling between about 15 different people . i really do n't know how he did it ... . takes a special person to pull that off.. , this is my stereo spot do n't waste your time anywhere else", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had issues at first but after everything ray and stephen took care of me and even gave me a free detail from cobblestone . i really appreciate it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , awesome deal scottie karate may be the greatest sales person and definitely the most fun ! ! thanks for the great system ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "slanging hooked up my truck about 4 months ago and was happy with their price and quality of work . i was so impressed i took my wife 's altima in today and they did a complete install in two hours ! little brian installed and i was grateful for his patience in explaining they way to work the new system and his professional attitude ! i ca n't thank you guys enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here to get a stereo and slangin hooked it up cheaper than any other place i went to . took 45 minutes and nothing was wrong and the install was great . i will definitely be doing business here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "`` wow '' was literally the first word out of my mouth when i walked in . this place has everything you need and more . scotty karate is the man . he came right up to me and started helping me out and hooked me up with a whole rockford fosgate system . thanks scotty karate for everything . sorry to everyone else that trying to sleep .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the best experience here ! brittne helped me out , she was friendly and knowledgeable . definitely will be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today i got my car tinted and car radio fixed . let me tell you , asian , was handling that whole place today . all the employees were all also very nice , i just happened to be working with him : ) the tint looks great , they were very professional , however the only reason i give 4 because it took a little longer then anticipated . my car radio had some type of short , and they figured it out ! ... which makes me very happy prices reasonable , i ai n't mad lol thanks guys !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly staff . eager to please . i had a sub , amp , speakers and led lights installed . i 've had to go back a couple times to tweek some things and they seem to really care . excellent customer service . wait time can be a little longer than quoted so enjoy a movie in the customer lounge or prepare for a ride while waiting . btw , prices are a third to half of other audio installation places .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have a brand new 2014 soul that i bought for my wife . wanted to put some red interior lights and upgrade the sound system . made a few calls around to other places and then i called `` scottie karate `` at slangin audio & tint ! he was very friendly and had his finger on the pulse . i dropped my car off and within the time frame scottie gave me , my soul was rocking with a nice upgraded sound system and interior lights that work on a remote . the price was right ! the service was great ! and most of all , my wife is very happy ! very professional and scottie is an expert on car audio ! he 's such a cool guy to do business with . will be going there again to put some led fog lights on my baby 's soul ! thanks for the great job ! oh , and ca n't forget to mention kyle , the tech ! nice guy also . see you guys again soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so took my ford f250 in on a thursday for a quote for a full system . droped it off friday in the am , said it would get done same day . got the call at 11 or so said it was gon na be $ 50 more then org quote . said sure cause the price was already vary cheap ( low ) . called me at 4pm said it was done . got there truck sounds great vary clean install got my old crap back . i would and will go back again great bunch of guys down there i delt with ( lips ) super nice . i woul rec this shop to everyone . thanks for the great service guys keep up the good work ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was referred by a friend , randomly stopped in on a late saturday afternoon . i did n't expect the prices to be so reasonable so i ended up purchasing a package deal , they told me i could come back first thing in the morning to get it installed which is a first come first serve basis . great customer service and absolutely love my new system . check this place out if you want fast service and a great price", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sales rep told me two hours to install and it was exactly 2 hours . dj quick got my truck all hooked up . prices are very competitive and the service was great . the sound system in my truck sounds really clean and i appreciate their hard work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the people here are incredibly with customer service . the prices are amazing at this place , hints that 's what brought me to this place but the customer services great . came in to get a bass packaged installed and for some reason my truck did not want to start . stefan asked around the shop see if he can get some one too take a look and help me out before i call a tow truck and boom guy found the issue and continues with the installation . thanks guys i 'll definitely recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found a package deal off of craigslist for two 12 '' rockford fosgate subs , a 1000w amp , carpet trunk box , wire kit , and free install for $ 214 after tax . ( $ 199 advertised on cl ) that 's the best pricing i 've ever heard of , especially including the install . my subaru sounds awesome , and it only took 2.5 hours . the only reason i did n't give 5 stars is because they did n't secure the box down in my trunk , it 's just kinda rolling around back there until i find some elbow fasteners from home depot to finish the job . also , everyone there seems rushed , kinda like they want you to just pay and get out of the way , but they were pretty busy so i guess that 's understandable . there 's a reason why they have so many people in there , i 'll probably be back again for my next car.. i 'll just have to be more specific on what i expect ! thanks guys", "score": "4"}
{"review": "window tint on my car was such a good job and price that i returned later with another car . i would highly recommend . service was fast and well done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i had called to see how much they would charge for a double din installation , once we heard the price there 's no way we would go anywhere else . all of the guys were very cool , explained the process and made us feel very comfortable . hooked us up on a system - theres no way we would have found anything close to the quality and price they gave us . these guys work their asses off , and stay until the job is done , and done the right way . i could n't be happier with my new set up , and highly recommend this shop above anything else . tip : get there early . they do n't make take appointments , and the line will be wrapped around the building 2 hours before they open ... but , the deals and quality of work are worth the wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had shaun e. put in new speakers and tweeters in my car . he did quality work and was very professional . he answers all you questions concerns without making you feel like you are annoying him ( my younger son asked about 50 questions ) . the cost was n't bad at all . i would recommended him as an installer any day . he does great work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a big thank you to stretch for helping me out today ! i went in to get a part to help me troubleshoot a problem with the stereo . after a bit of q & a he went to make sure i had the right part and he was able to determine what was wrong and got the stereo up and running ! it is so nice to have music while traveling from point a to point b again . the staff is always super nice and very helpful when i go in . especially because my husband is overseas and i 'm not too good with this type of maintenance , i am very appreciative of this . thank you again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today a very nice tech wrote out exactly how to wire my system ( that i bought months ago from them ) into my camper . he was very kind and generous with his time for no cost . very knowledgeable and every one is very friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience with them . had a couple issues but management took care of said issues and scotty is the man ! now i got what i wanted installed and explained to me , and intend on doing business again with them in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely recommend slangin ' sound and tint on power and main in mesa ! ! i came in 6 months ago and got a system put in my car . my amp ended up having problems about a week ago . came into slangin ' and they hooked it up ! got everything taken care of with great customer service and no hassle at all getting my amp replaced ! ! thank you to dj quick , malcom , and stretch ! # fataroni", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've done business here before and it was ok. good prices , decent customer service , nothing to complain about . this time , i had the pleasure of working with stretch and he is awesome ! he is very knowledgeable , efficient and really personable ! you can really tell that he enjoys his work and takes pleasure in the happiness of his customers . i would recommend this place and stretch specifically to anyone looking to get some bumps . he 'll take good care of you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small shop , with a large selection . they are very knowledgeable and helpful . i did have a problem , where the bluetooth speaker was not working . when i called , the manager said to come in anytime and they would be happy to look at it . when i got there , as some of the other reviews say , there was a line out the door waiting for work . however they took a quick look at mine and got me out the door within 20 minutes . great service , great place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just moved here from out of state and needed to have the windows on our honda tinted . researched various tint shops and this place stood out due to high customer satisfaction . ray , the guy in charge @ slangin ' was very friendly and made me feel welcome and set me up with an appointment for a great price . bryan took care of carefully installing the tint and which not only looks great , but cuts down on the glare and heat drastically . ray and brian , thanks you guys for making this a great experience ! i will be buying a sound system from you in the future . greg p. mesa , az", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible service , no class , could not handle our party of 20 people . they never brought people 's food out , messed up orders , and did zero accommodations for their mess ups . worst hooters i 've ever been to in 10 years ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "why does this hooter 's get a two star compared to any other hooters ? the staff . pretentious ladies . i come here to grab some food and beers sometimes when i want to see the ufc fights . unfortunately sitting at the bar even on a slow ufc night i am pretty much invisible . service takes forever and sometimes i feel like its a chore for them to get me a beer . hell they drop the beer and turn away before i can utter thank you . it gets 2 stars for having the fights , beer , and reasonable prices .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great service from maria ! wings were bigger than i remember . tasty local alcoholic beverage and slidders .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came for business . finally wanted food after training all day . did n't think the food was going to take over 1 hour to get . it took us two hours to eat and get out . there was a larger group that came in later but left earlier . what happened to our order ? no manager ever came by either . also , their system sucks on who got what ... could be the lack of experience from the server . we were so hungry . the server was nice but could have come by more often . i had salad and asked for dressing on the side . i sat there without dressing for 40 min until she finally stopped by again . i did n't get my dressing until everyone else got their food because of the lack of followup . i do n't know if it 's just charlotte but all the food service i had this weekend was horrible . a few ppl had the wrong plate in front of them . i wo n't be coming back even though i like their wings .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have no excuse for being a patron here one quiet monday evening . well , my excuse was that champions in the marriott hotel across the street was serving me poorly ( charging me for beers they did n't bring ) and i did n't want to walk around uptown too much for another pint of suds . i had some sierra nevada on tap and watched ufc fighting for the first time . scary stuff ! the `` eye candy '' here was n't all that appealing , or perhaps i was n't in the mood . after all , it was a monday night .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this hooters has the sorriest service known to man , especially considering it 's never busy during the day . i went to pick up a takeout order . there were literally 5 people at the bar . i waited 7 minutes before the waitress , brittany , acknowledged my existence . the actual food was fine this go around . it 's hit and miss . just never come here in a rush . you will leave frustrated .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sooo after traveling and a few beverages in the hotel room , we decided to keep our dinner plans simple as i was n't interested in getting dressed up . i joked w my travel companion about how close the hotel was to hooters and his obsession w chicken wings is no secret , so part of me wonders if it was all part of his mater plan in choosing our hotel ! i had myself a cheeseburger-and it was better than i had expected ! the curley fries were good too ! i was a little more adventurous with my beverage-i had the berry long island iced tea . i felt rather girlie as it was pinkish purple in color and i 'm usually a beer girl , but it tasted great ! kelley the bartender was pleasant too . i 'm probably going to regret saying this , but some of the girls working there do n't make the `` uniforms '' look all that good..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "disappointing experience ... service was very slow and our server `` destenee '' had an attitude . we went with a group of 6 , the wait for our table was a little long but expected since we went on a saturday night . i ordered the buffalo shrimp , as i always do when i visit any hooters . my shrimp barely had any sauce on them , i showed them to our server and asked if she could bring a side of sauce . well , she brought the sauce and she also charged extra ... for sauce that should have already been on the shrimp to begin with ! we waited another 15 minutes after our server brought our checks to the table for her to come back and collect our money . really ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was the worst service i have ever received ! ! ! took an extremely long time to get our drinks . then one was wrong and we still got charged for it . all the girls did was hang out by the register and talk to each other , or flirt with the cop when he came in . it was n't busy at all . extremely disappointed . the manager was nice . we had to ask him to get our drinks once because she forgot to bring them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "look , men do n't go to hooters for the food . we go to hooters to stare at hot girls and to flirt with them . of course it helps if the waitstaff is friendly . i 've been to this hooters location 3 or 4 times and only once did i have a friendly waitress , who sat with me and chatted with me for a bit . the other times , i was pretty much ignored by my waitress , who took my food order , brought out my food , and gave me my check , all without any chatting , conversation , or visiting my table to flirt . i mean , i can go to any bar in town for that . i go to hooters because i want a cute girl in a skin tight outfit to pretend that she 's into me . that 's part of the appeal . after being ignored the last couple of times i have n't gone back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they need to shut this place down and open a wendys or something ... .came thursday night , nearly empty , came with 6 other people , waitress got everyones order wrong except mine ... friends ordered boneless wings and came bone in they were too lazy to say anything , i asked her if she could take it back and get boneless she said its the same thing as boneless just with the bone ... ..fail", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never been to a hooters , let alone on a holiday monday , when you 're not prepared staff or food wise ? ! ? could be one of the biggest nights of the year with the foot traffic . and the place is 1 2 full . still ca n't serve food ? wow .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped in here for a few drinks before a charlotte hornets game recently while in the us . a most enjoyable experience . could not have been happier with the efforts of my server , autumn . very talkative and quick to inquire as to whether i wanted another beer . could n't have made me feel more welcome . also had the woman who was manager on that night ( monday ) stop by the table a couple of times to speak with me . was glad i stopped in and will certainly return when next in charlotte .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after dodging this place for nearly a year i broke down and stopped in . i went to the bar where two people were working with only two customers . after 7 minutes of being ignored i left . how difficult is it to say hello and take down a to-go order ? the staff is obviously challenged mentally . considering my last visit was suppose to be my last due to terrible service i gave them another chance . fail ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in town for the weekend and needed to find a familiar place to remind me of the good times i have at home . hooters happened to be around the corner from where i was staying so i decided to give it a shot . i could not have made a better decision . the establishment was in pristine condition . i love the setup including the 360 bar . but above all , the most impressive thing about the experience was our server , dep . the place was busy so things were backed up at the bar and kitchen . she was constantly paying attention to us and getting things to us as soon as possible . she could not have been more friendly and patient while also being pulled in so many directions due to how busy the restaurant was . as usual the food delivered ( always go daytona ) but dep really made the experience worthy of a 5 star review .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst service i have ever received at a restaurant . i visited this location with a group of friends after driving all day , and we went based on past experiences with the hooters brand . sadly , we were completely disappointed . the waitress was polite , but it took almost two hours to receive our food - after ordering . other patrons who arrived after we were seated received their food first . moreover , the waitress originally brought out three of the seven meals , and it took another thirty minutes for the remaining meals . i will never visit a hooters restaurant again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there were about 15 people in the place and we walked out after waiting over 10 minutes for a waitress to offer us a drink , let alone take our order . would not recommend this place at all . the worst wait staff ever . ended up going to whiskey river , great service . seated , greeted , and eating appitizers within 10 minutes . quality service and food at whiskey river .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "considering hooter 's is n't known for it 's food , and that my friends always have a good time , i gave hooters 3 stars where i would normally give 1 star . the food is the absolute worst of any chain restaurant , bar none . i would eat mcdonald 's before eating hooter 's . i love , love , love wings and sadly hooter 's ca n't even do a decent wing . but the waitresses are always very friendly , what more could you want to gape ( i mean gaze ) at while nursing a healthy buzz and watching football ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ended up here on a saturday night looking for drinks and food . epicenter was way too crowded and overpriced . had a wonderful server , nichelle ! she was friendly and funny and on top of things . she recommended a drink that was highly tasty . the bud in the bottle was nice and cold as well . they also have lemon drops for only $ 4.75 . one cocktail at a certain place in epicenter is $ 13.00 ! my husband had a buffalo chicken sandwich and the breast ( this is hooter 's , after all ) was huge ! nice selection of wing sauces . ask for a sample . dipper fries were crispy and delicious . i had a shrimp poboy that was good with lettuce and tomato on a soft bread . great service and great experience overall !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped here for a late lunch , the place was real clean and neat . staff was friendly and always checked up to make sure everything was ok , or if we needed anything . food was delicious , we started off with some fried pickles and they were excellent not thin and greasy like other places . wings hit the spot , i got an order of 10 bbq and my wife got an order of 10 hot . we also got an order of curly fries that were amazing . i recommend you try this place , you will love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wings , beer & lot 's of ... ... tots ! the loaded tots are awesome . came here the other day and had their chicken sandwich and it was pretty good . my coworker got the club and he enjoyed his sandwich as well . we were seated right away & our server was friendly . parking can be tough since this place is in the middle of uptown but if you manage to find a close enough parking spot , this is a good place to grab a quick lunch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is good . the beer is cold . the women in there are gorgeous . i would give it a 5 but i feel their food prices are a tad high and the wait time for getting the food is long . but other than that who caaaarrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeessssssss . enjoy the scenery .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is hot , over crowded and if you 're really lucky , some hammered idiot at the table next to you will vomit on his food and his drunk ass buddy will still eat the food he threw up on . if you see the yellow caution tripod at a table near you ... .yep another drunk tossed his chicken ... .that means their hazmat crew has just cleaned up a barfectomy . they even used a bleach bottle to spray this area down after they kicked vomit boy out . can you imagine the aroma of the combo of wings and clorox ? the service was slow . the waitress got the drink order wrong . but she did thank us for not vomiting and being good `` sports '' after watching the guy next to us hurl . i say , do not go here . find another place nearby ... i 'm sure the champion 's in the marriott right across the street will have better food and a better atmosphere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my place to come and watch all the games and fights . always nice people pretty nice patio outside and the crowd is live ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i know , hooters is hooters . but this place had a strong funky smell like carpet cleaner or something . i stuck it out and the wings were fine , beer was cold and the bartender was pleasant and did a good job . that 's about it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "honestly , i 've had bad experiences here and so-so experiences here , but it 's a solid place . i think hooters in general is way overpriced , but this particular location is in a perfect spot in uptown . the layout of the restaurant and bar has a good , open feel to it . the service is hit or miss , but that 's not unusual for a lot of places in uptown . the one thing that really bothers me is how they have the smoking setup outside . having smokers at the door really ruins the restaurant 's curb appeal . also , we were sitting well inside on my last visit , but the smell of smoke coming in the restaurant from just three smokers in front was overwhelming . why ca n't they have smokers outside the back of the restaurant like tilt ( which is next door ) does ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "lived here for a year , everything was fine til someone with a key entered my apartment and took some petty cash . office staff seemed befuddled and very unapologetic . everything is not always as it seems . i moved . still awaiting my security deposit .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "negative credit items withdrawn after threatening to sue them , but deposit was never returned . would not recommend being a resident here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so yes , vt is pricey considering the neighborhood it 's located in especially when there are so many apartments all over vegas . but after living there for over a year , i realized that by living in vt , you 're basically paying for the location convenience . pro : -it 's located near unlv , near the strip , and near so many restaurants groceries gas stations . -the apartments are very spacious ! -gym -great variety of lounges ! they have a business lounge on the first floor by the leasing office , a clubhouse lounge facing the pool , and a lounge with tvs , ping pong table , and imacs on the second floor . -friendly and helpful security guards and custodians con : -very pricey , especially when the promotional discount ends -slow construction ( ex . pool has been under construction for as long as i can remember which prevented me from using it for over half the time there ) -elevators always breaking down overall , it 's not a bad place to live post-graduation . nice way to transition !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "granted your first impression of these high rise condos is most likely gon na be around the lines of `` ghetto '' but once you get past the exterior , you 'll find out real quick that the inside of the condos are built quite nicely . a friend of mine happens to own a 2 bedroom condo in the vt and once inside i was amazed at how spacious the condos were . my friend is photographer and requires an area where he can place large equipment and back drops . and the view on the outside patio ? for get about it , its fabulous ! dont get me wrong , the area is most defintiely not the best area , its crowded and there are alot of ghetto ass people around , but i think for the price he pays around $ 715 for a 2 br 2bath 1200+ square feet , its a great deal !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if i could give this place 0 stars it would get zero stars ! do not move in here ! ! ! they are scammers and they are trying to charge my roommate and i for scratching our refrigerator for $ 950 . when asked to speak to them in person about the charges they would n't let us talk to them because they are guilty . worst apartment ever , very unprofessional , the apartment was old and not nice for the price they charge . definitely would not recommend this apartment to any one .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do not have an experience moving out and getting charged because i still live here . so far i can give this place 5 stars . the apartment complex is really nice you do n't have to worry about the surrounding area . the price can be a little on the high side but nobody is making you live here , you sign the lease . it is super convenient if you work on the strip . it is usually a 5 minute drive to and from work . the average person living here is older and keeps the complex very quiet no loud parties or annoyances . when i have had maintenance request they have come 30 minutes later to check it out . they just built a new gym and clubhouse and they are amazing . if you do n't have a super expensive car , covered parking is n't needed . i never have a hard time finding parking . pet fees are $ 30 a month plus deposits . security is great , complex is very secure . staff is great , super nice and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good luck getting your deposit back ! they will charge you for impossible and ridiculously high fees after you leave after taking your whole deposit . after living here for three years , the company and management have become very shady . i absolutely did not trust management . although my pet deposits were waived because of my service animal , they still managed to charge me over a $ 1000 after i left due to deep `` urine stains '' and carpet replacement which sounds so ridiculously high after keeping my whole deposit . `` the fair housing act ( fha ) is a federal law that prevents discrimination against tenants in their homes . assistance animals are in a different legal classification than pets who are not assistance animals , which is why pet restrictions and fees are waived for them . '' even so , i felt i basically had to pay them after i left . also i was automatically sent to collections and when i tried to dispute these charges , `` it was out of their hands '' .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish i could give a minus stars . they try to charge me $ 1200.00 for pet that i never had , because they saw me with a neighbor 's friends ' dog downstairs , which i did n't even bring it to my apartment . after i received the bill , i try to go back to the office and talk to them , with my prove of pics , they would n't even let me in to the apartment building . the security guard was even threating me that if go in to the office she will call the police . what an experience ! lesson learned , you better do all your research before you move into any apartments .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rose , who works in the leasing office , is incompetent . firstly , a package was dropped off at the office . we went to get it , and because rose does n't understand anything , she lied and said it was n't there . next day we talk to someone else , and she gives us the package . secondly , we needed a paper from the office , and rose had to come back to us three times because she forgot if we lived in building one or two . lastly , she did n't know where to find our lease and refused to look for it because `` it is n't filed so we do n't know where it is . '' thankfully nancy grabbed our lease ; it took her less than a minute . we already planned on moving out because we needed a three bedroom , and then they hired rose ; she was the only valid negative thing about staying there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am a former resident of vegas towers . when i moved out i was angry because vegas towers charged me for some damage caused during my tenancy . in my anger i posted a negative review on yelp . i have since removed the review because it gave a false impression of vegas towers . i am sorry that i posted the review .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a 2 year resident at vegas towers . the improvements they have made to the resort style pool area is wonderful . you feel like you 're on vacation in your own facility . the one bedroom apartment i have ( the larger of the two that they offer ) has a nice layout and about 900 sq ft , which is plenty of room for me . if you have any kind of issue with your place , the staff is extremely quick to address it and fix it . office staff is always helpful in any way they can . glad i live here . a little pricey but worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been living here 7 months . like living here alot . safe , well managed , centrally located . rules are enforced . staff is great . in 7 months , i 've not experienced anything that i 've read in the negative reviews . it 's a nice place to call home . i 'd like to have given 4.5 stars , but yelp does n't allow .5 of a star .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to live with neat views . friendly management staff . lot of upgrades have taken place and more to look forward to .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been living here for about 5 months now and honestly it 's a great place to live in . the staff there is always willing to help you nancy is my personal favorite . it 's not to pricey not to mention the pool here is a beauty and something you should n't miss . they also have a gym and a mini game center where you can play ping pong . overall great place if you want your privacy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cozy and fun little local bar ! drinks and food are very inexpensive . the staff are also friendly and very welcoming . tip : lorenzo makes a mean martini ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great little place . i small local neighborhood bar that made people from out of state very welcomed . we ran across this joint on recommendation from a friend . we ended up there 5-6 times . food is great . we had breakfast , lunch and dinner . awesome burgers even at wee hours of the morning . many includes apps , salads , burgers , lasagne , roast chicken dinner and much more . many menu items . the staff i remember the names of rachel , laurie , josh , kelly , johnny , oh and bonnie beverage we all great fun . i will make this a destination during my next trip to vegas . oh they have karaoke on saturdays . there was a great band that got a lot of people dancing one night . they are staring a car cruise in on saturdays that i am disappointed i could not stay in town for . will be there for that and the friday fish fry next trip", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not sure how to rate this bar ? # 1 no dart board and only one pool table . # 2 no draft beer . the bartender was totally absent from his duties and he walked by me twice when i had an empty beer in front of me . as i cashed out from my michene and waited the bartender was sitting at a machine himself at the far end of the bar oblivious to anything but the game he was playing and i had to call out to get his attention . i overheard one patron saying to another that the food there was good but i did n't order anything to eat so i can not comment on the menu . as far as i 'm concerned , no dartboard , no draft beer and inattentive service is a no-go for me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is great ! your treated like family and food is amazing ! all the bar keeps are awesome and the owners are amazing . good times all the time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fish was awesome ! staff very friendly ! and won a little cash ! what else could you ask for ! we will be back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my fiance and i love coming here after a long day of work to have a couple drinks , a bite to eat and unwind with a board or card game . the owners , and staff are awesome and all around good company . this is truly a home away from home , but without the drama . i would definitely recommend coming in and checking this bar out , if you having already ! plus , they are always doing bingo nights , raffle drawings , karaoke , and other fun stuff . definitely a 5 star rating !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the premise of an unlimited buffet is always tempting but there 's always the fear that your delving into trays of re-heated slop and left over gruel . there should be no such concerns when dining at jimmy chung 's as the buffet food on offer is a satisfactory . note the fairly bland choice of wording there as the food could never be described as spectacular . as far as chinese buffets , this one is a-ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it is more expensive than the cheap london chinese buffets , so i expected a bit better quality . alas , the food was of the low quality greasy fried `` chinese '' ( none of my chinese friends cook like that ) that you expect to find in the cheapest places . at least the place looks good , is spacious and there is all you can eat ice cream ! not particularly good ice cream , but all-you-can-eat ice cream does count for something . i had quickly read some good reviews on my phone , while walking by it and decided to go in , but it seems a lot of people have no idea what a decent chinese buffet is like . no , it should not be just deep-fried stuff .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "have been to chung 's on many occasions handy if you want to fill your belly , with ok chinese so after the game on sunday i decided to go for a buffet , the place was busy but the man found me a table and i ordered some chinese tea . what happened next took me by surprise and shock , when the chap who i assume was a manager asked me to pay in advance , this had never happened before and was really insulting , when i protested he said it was policy , now it may have been that i was wearing a football scarf , or he thought i was under the influence as i was out of breath due to my health problems and did slur my words slightly this sort of attitude is why service in scotland is way below standards abroad , to question a customers honesty on a few minutes is disgusting i did ask if everyone else paid in advance but got no reply at which point i told him keep his food and left , and i wont beback", "score": "1"}
{"review": "firt time i went here it was good , so i chose to go a second time . the man came over and asked if i was finished , so i replied with yes as there were empty plates and cups at our table . i was shocked when the waiter actually tried to remove the plate i was eating from even though i had a fork and knife and was clearly using them for the large amount of food on the plate ! i felt totally rushed and didnt feel comfortable with constantly being asked if i was finished or not . i would n't go again . i also feel there could be more vegetarian selection , thought the food was good so i 'm giving it 2 stars", "score": "2"}
{"review": "theres something about chinese food that makes the prospect of an all you can eat buffet a wonderful thing - and i 'm not talking about huge amoiunts of addictive msg ! jimmy chungs is really well located - theres nothing quite like a day on princes street then a going for the lunch buffet , you 'll not need to eat for days ! there is a huge amount of food to eat , all different sorts as well . trouble is thats its all a bit samey and really , its not the best quality . on saying that though , i really enjoyed the food ( it 's tasty , if not good quality ) and it wasnt hugely expensive . pretty good over all !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sehr sauberes chinesisches restaurant im herzen von edinburgh , welches auf jeden fall einen besuch wert ist ! das buffet ist vorz\u00fcglich ! nach einer tour zum castle nur zu empfehlen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i once heard that jimmy chungs in elgin got shut down for serving seagull meat . i do n't know if that 's true or not , but i do know that jimmy chings in elgin was shut for about 3 weeks mysteriously . do do dooo do doooo ... .. so i 'm always a bit apprehensive of this chinese chain , following the elgin story . however i came here recently and was quite surprised at how good the selection was and how tasty it was . i must admit , i avoided the meat unless i was totally sure what it was . it 's your bog-standard chinese , although this one does have an outside area , which i imagine is quite nice in the summer ! it 's all reasonably prices too , they always have big banners outside advertising cheap prices etc . it 's an all-you-can-eat buffet , so value for money is amazing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're hungry and fancy a cheap chinese then this is the place ! a huge selection of dishes and a big restaurant to hold a lot of people . the staff are n't overly friendly but you do n't really go to a buffet restaurant for the service i would recommend if you 're looking fro something casual , cheap and filling !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "jimmy chungs is a great place to eat if you are hungry and have little money ! there is a great choice of food and you can go back for second helpings , and a third if you really fancy a little more : ) the food is good quality and always nice and hot too . my only gripe is the fact that not once did i see any of the tables getting a wipe down after customers had left ! the place was busy but that shouldnt be an excuse . you can get a set lunch buffet too which i think was only \u00a35 . i would go back again , despite the lack of table cleaning !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent food , staff , atmosphere and price . a brilliant experience from start to finish .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a good place to go for a quick lunch as it is n't as expensive earlier in the day . there 's the usual chinese takeaway style choice of food but i often feel they could have better choice , such as more seafood . however you can always find something to eat and i love the mango puree pudding things ! one advantage of going here is that they do n't mind you drinking tap water ! my friend and i go quite regularly as she loves it and when we both ask for water they bring a jug with ice . whereas a lot of other chinese buffets do n't let you as they probably want the extra cash from selling drinks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "1 ) bad barely warm food 2 ) luckily little seafood as frankly the length of time some of the food out there was suspect 3 ) vegetarian options include chips , rice , noodles , omelette and one vegetable dish horrible food . wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "all-you-can eat buffet always attracts my attention . i came here for lunch after an big night out with some friends . word of advice for those about to eat at a buffet : avoid tummy expanding food stuff . make the most of your money by eating slowly ( if you can- i am still working on that ) and being careful on what you eat i.e skip the bread and stuff that will bloat you . as expected we rolled out of here with the aftertaste ( and the breath ) of over-processed food covered- literally- in gluten sauce . sexy . however , there is a huge selection . it just all tastes the same by the end of it . but it hit the spot . we were n't hungry for days . neither did we crave chinese for a while .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "to be honest , i prefer the grindlay st restuarant . the food is the same but waverley is a bit crowded and more expensive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fully licenced all you can eat chinese buffet , with a huge selection to suit any appetite , dishes and prices vary depending on when you visit . drinks are standard city prices . it is clean , pleasant and child freindly , it is also easily accessed by wheelchairs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jimmy chungs is in a great location . whether your ravenous after a journey to waverley station or looking for some dinner after shopping on princes street it 's in an ideal spot to drop into . it offers an all-you-can-eat buffet for about \u00a37 which includes drinks , many different savoury chinese dishes with noodles , rices and prawn crackers and jellies and ice cream for desert . the service is friendly , welcoming and simply lets you get on with it . the food , however , all seems to taste the same . no matter whether it 's chicken , pork or beef , the sauces all seem to jus merge into one on the palate . i 'm no expert on chinese cooking but i 'm pretty sure that the quality of their food is n't that good . jimmy chungs is ideal if your after a long and filling lunch or dinner with your friends . my main issue is that \u00a37 seems a lot for fairly average food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "jimmy chung 's chinese buffet tries to substitute quality for quality , but come here for sure if what you 're after is simply to gorge yourself on greasy food . not that much in the way of vegetarian or vegan options either .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "when you pay less then a tenner for all you can eat this is what you should expect . its nothing fancy but offers a good selection of foods within a nice enviroment which is clean and child friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's handy for waverley if you want a big greasy meal either just before you get on a train , or just after . but it 's pretty expensive if you do n't want a big meal . the food is perfectly adequate . it 's not particularly good , but it 's not bad either . i 'm a vegetarian and there 's a reasonable range of dishes , all clearly marked . you can eat your fill and then some . all drinks ( including soft drinks and tea or coffee ) are extra , and they 're really not cheap either . worth going there if you 're hungry and in a hurry to catch a train because it 's buffet-style you do n't have to worry about waiting , and service is brisk and competent .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fantastic chinese buffet restaurant . food delicious and great variety . staff very helpful . very child friendly . great variety of buffet food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want a chinese buffet in edinburgh , this is the place to go , this is the nicest one , with nice seats and tables , and a great choice of food , where you can help yourself to as much as you want for very reasonable prices , great for a crowd of people also , as it is very noisy place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this all you can eat chinese buffet is excellent value . the variety is huge with soups , starters such as spring rolls , crispy aromatic duck , mains , rice and desserts . the quality of the food is really good and i 've never had a bad experience here . the staff are friendly and very efficient , and the place is always busy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jimmy chungs is a fantastic little chinese buffet located on waverly bridge next to the train station . they have almost every kind of chinese dish you can imagine for \u00a35.99 at lunch time and \u00a310.99 at dinner time . the restraunt is very big inside and is probably has the nicest staff in the entire new town . on a scale of 1 - 10 with 1 being lowest and 10 being highest , i 'd give jimmy chungs an 11 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for good buffet chinese , head to their grindlay st. restaurant , same dishes , better food , better service , same price ! no contest in my mind !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "rather garish building but the food is ok if you need a lot for a little money ! not the sort of place to celebrate a honeymoon i think , for that once in a life time climactic experience . clean , friendly , good value , you get what you pay for .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place came to the rescue when friends and i were out and about and the hunger pangs set it . it 's a no fuss buffet with some really delicious food . the setting though is n't one i 'd chose for a special occasion , it was more casual and laid back- screaming children did n't help either . the best thing ? it 's cheap . it hits the spot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "jimmy chungs is a good chinese buffet restaurant on waverley bridge next to the train station . when i visited it was moderately busy , i sat down and ordered a beer straight away and then set upon the buffet . the buffet contained every dish you would expect to see at a chinese restaurant , you can have as much as you want for ten pounds or so . the staff were friendly and helpful when needed . do n't go here for a gourmet restaurant experience , it 's not that type of place , it 's great if you 're on your own or with friends and want your food quickly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a great chines all you can eat buffet with a wide selection of starters , mains and deserts , the deserts are great epically the cubes of jelly ! ! it 's central and it 's right next to waverly train station . defiantly worth eating here . price depends on time of day you go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if there 's one thing old jimbo is good at , it 's milking the cash cow . he 's certainly not good at making top quality chinese food . i 've been quite harsh on a number of chinese buffet restaurants throughout my yelp scouting , and with good reason . they 're all awful , and use the age-old trick of loading the food with a number of stomach filling additives to ensure that you 'll be reaching for the sick bag a few mouthfuls in . if however you still want to hand over you 're \u00a312.99 to honest jim , then please be aware that you will need to visit the toilet with a great degree of urgency immediately after your meal . it will hurt and it will stink , but it 's the price you pay .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cheap and stomach filling though it may be , it 's maybe not where i 'd want to go back to . it is very busy and it shows in it 's condition ~ reminds me of the old greasy cafe '' s", "score": "1"}
{"review": "chinese buffet , if you are hungry you should defo go there we went for dinner yesterday and had a blast , staff were very friendly and service was quick , we tried everything that was there , n believe me the list is soooo big , starters were great , mains were awesome , just loads of different tastes and dessert was good , i had a vanilla ice cream which actually tastes like vanilla not milk : ) and fruit salad which was really nice . thumbs up oh the price is magical , we paid 25 for two with drinks and that is nothing in edinburgh", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chinese food restaurant in scotland ... super greasy food . although the staff is excellent ! great price , but the stomach will make you pay the double after having eaten there . never again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm not a fan of buffet style restaurants , so after wandering the streets of edinburgh looking for somewhere cheap to eat , it was with trepidation that i ended up here . this is just the sort of restaurant that i try to avoid , but i absolutely loved this place ! the selection of food was incredible and food was served hot unlike some restaurants that use bain maries to heat the food . as well as chinese food , jimmy chung 's sell dishes from around asia . the thai yellow curry was amazing and i just could n't get enough of the mongolian lamb . the dessert selection is a little on the small side ; but lets face it , with the amount of food on offer , whose going to be saving themselves for desert ! jimmy 's is a chain restaurant , but for londoners like me the closest is in scotland- if i 'm ever in the area again i wo n't hesitate to return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jimmy chung 's is a great all you can eat chinese buffet , it has a wide selection of starters , main courses and desserts . because of the buffet set up you can pick and choose what you want , keep to the things you like or try something new . it 's also fully licensed . the place is clean and the staff are very friendly and efficient . its also great to take kids because you dont have to worry about them not liking something because they can go up and get something else . the prices and selection of dishes vary depending on the time of day . brill place to go for a munch", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible customer service - i went to the restaurant with my friend , and there was one chinese waiter who was very rude to us . when we wanted to pay , the bill was thrown onto the table . when we were asking him something , he either shouted at us , or just ignored us . food - not really good . we 're chinese food lovers and we do n't think it 's up to the standard . in fact they 're serving some cheap food . and most of them are too salty . price - we went there at 4.30pm and they charged us \u00a312,90 per person , which is the price from 5pm till night . we were thinking it was too pricey for food like that ... .eww.. by the way , we went there on 11 02 2013 , the 2nd day of chinese new year .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this restaurant called jimmy chungs on waverley bridge is a great place to dine out with family or friends . they offer a range of chinese food in a buffet meal . the starters , mains are lovely and taste delicious . the dessert range is great from icecream to cakes . the waiters or waitress are very quick at their jobs and do n't keep you waiting for long . it does get very busy there , so i do think booking is a good idea just to make sure you get a space if you have more than 5 guests . its got a great view so you can see out and the restaurant is near the train station too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the ideal place to go if you are on a budget but want to treat yourselves to a meal out . it 's not what i 'd call gourmet eating , but they have an all-you-can-eat buffet for about \u00a310 a head and i 've never had a problem getting a table by just turning up and waiting a couple of minutes , although i dare say it depends whey you go . i think it 's really handy if you 're out and about in the city centre doing an afternoon 's shopping and you fancy stopping off for something to eat before heading home . jimmy 's has really good food , at very reasonable even cheap prices . it 's a fun place to be , with a light and bubbly atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not a big fan of buffets but i have visite this one on a number of occasions.it never fails to deliver a good service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is god awful ! we were quoted one price and charged another . before we entered the buffet area , the host asked if we were okay with the price . less than 10 minutes later , the manager ( i assume ) comes by to let us know that the lady on the front told gave us the wrong price . it was all down hill from there . the food was old . it looked like it had been sitting there for a couple of hours . the curry chicken was the best thing there and that is n't saying much . the food was n't seasoned . they also did n't have saracha chilli sauce . how the eff are you a chinese food restaurant does n't have saracha ? final thoughts : avoid at all cost !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the infamous jimmy chungs , on waverley bridge , offers a huge slection of chinese food in its buffet . the buffet includes starters ( prawn crackers , spring rolls etc ) , dozens of main course options ( rice noodles , chicken vegetable and beef dishes ) and dessert ( ice cream and jelly , cakes and tarts ) . the waiters are extremely efficient , presumably because of the high turnover required to keep an all-you-can-eat buffet afloat . a great place to visit for a big 'stock up ' meal . can be recognised by its flame style decor in the windows .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like thin crust individual sized pizza , this is your place ! i had been to fired pie recently , and i enjoyed my pizza here more at mod pizza . the toppings here tasted better with an adequate level of seasoning , i liked the crust more , and ordering was easier from mod . i also like how you have a choice of three different crust sizes depending on how hungry you are . i ended up with a small sized dillon james with added mushrooms , artichoke , and black olive . the toppings were plentiful but the crust still stood up to them vs. getting soggy due to the liquid content . my small pie was around $ 5 , and soda fountain drinks a little less than $ 2 . in addition to coke products they have 2 different lemonades and 2 different iced teas available . i 'll be back to try more custom pizza creations !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok , not quite pizza bianco , but not fired pie either.. cafeteria style pizza creating , at one price per size and not per topping ... sauces : bbq , white , regular , pesto or garlic . cheeses : mozzerela , feta , asiago , gorginzola , meats n vegies looked fresh , mosr grilled roasted . mod size , i got pesto n garlic for sauce , mizzarela cheese , chirizo n bacon for meat , mushroom , onion n banana peppers veggies , add asiago.. will be back . often . customer service was very good , very nice n cheery without any fakeness.. congrats .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location is located near an office park - sorta hard to see from the road . the service is stellar , the food is delicious and the establishment is clean . i highly recommend mod pizza - best thin crust pizza around !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here a couple of times and i would say compared to fired pie , this place is simply average . all the times i have been here the place is empty-perhaps its busier at lunch or maybe everyone is at fired or pielogy , which are both located 5 to 10 minutes away . the problem i have with the pizzas i have ordered is that the middle tends to get a bit soggy and the cheese there does not get completely cooked . the toppings were fine . again , not a bad pizza , but for my taste , fired and pielogy pies taste better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yes yes yes and yesssssssss . finally gluten free dairy free pizza ! this place is the bombbbb . one flat rate for all the toppings you want ? count me in . and that pear iced tea though ... yum ! i bet the flour crust is amazing but the free is typical of most gluten free crusts . so good ! love the daiya cheese option ... they seriously cater to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks to the team today for providing a free meal to introduce themselves to the neighborhood . welcome to south tempe ! for the review : the salad pizza was very good . i tried it with pesto ... very tasty , i would suggest putting the meat you want on the pizza part of the salad pizza to get a nice roast on it before you add it back to the salad . i like the flavored tea also ... caramel somthing", "score": "4"}
{"review": "7.50 for an 11 inch thin crust pizza . mod is exactly like it 's name , made on demand . it was fun being able to pick ingredients and decide how much and what i wanted in my pizza . so many options ! ! ! plus their super hot oven cooked it really fast so by the time i paid , it was ready to eat . love the concept , thank you hipsters of seattle !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "make your own pizza , they do n't charge for the amount of toppings you want . $ 8 for 11 '' pie with whatever you want on it . it 's is a great deal . i got gluten free crust ( add'l cost ) , and it tasted amazing . my girls loved their pizza as well . we 'll definitely return for more . my only issue , is their chairs did n't fit my big behind . my daughters were slightly uncomfortable in the seats too . they do offer stools at the high tables and a bar along the window .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love mod ! have never heard of it before and now that i work across the road at lydian dental i 'm hooked ! it 's at least a weekly stop ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this pizza a lot ! it 's a great value too . the pesto is fantastic , and whole roasted cloves of garlic are a treat . i feel like i am taking advantage of them by choosing so many toppings , and asking for extra as they assemble it . i have only gone at night when the restaurant was otherwise empty , so speed and service have beem excellent for me . tip : the default amount of red sauce is not enough . tip 2 : extra crispy is way better . i hope this place stays open , it 's a cool concept ( though admittedly not the only place that does this new-ish make your own pizza thing ) and great execution . keep up the good work .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm gon na say it - i like this place more than a certain other build-it-yourself pizza place down the road . it 's bigger , with a nice atmosphere and more room for people waiting in line . super friendly staff . there 's a good amount of seating . the pizza crust is thin but not too dry or crunchy , probably my favorite part . mod has a huge menu ( but really you could probably just walk up and say what sauce you wanted with your toppings ) and i really appreciate them posting the calories next to each pizza type . pricing : i think i paid $ 10 for pizza and a non-alcoholic drink . i only ate half the pizza , so now i have lunch for tomorrow and it became two meals for me , not bad .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i had been reading all the hype about this place and my daughter and i needed some place to stop and have a bite to eat so we ended up here . now i can understand all of the high reviews and four and five stars . i love the concept and being able to choose what all you want on your pizza without having to pay outrageous prices for every extra topping . they have so many different items that the combinations would be endless . my masterpiece consisted of red sauce with grilled chicken , roasted red peppers , broccoli , roasted brussels sprouts , and both mozzarella and ricotta cheese . then it was drizzled with a balsamic fig reduction when it came out of the oven . i did n't get to try the salad although i 'm sure that will happen in the near future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in last night about 8pm , place was pretty empty but i just dont think many know this place has opened yet . staff was very friendly and helpful being our first time . everything looked fresh and it was hard to decide what toppings to get , since you can have them all if you want at no additional charge ! ! we decided on pepperoni , mushrooms and olives and red sauce . it was actually very good . we also got the cinnamon sticks which is the same dough used for the pizza but smaller and has cinnamon and sugar on top , with your choice of chocolate , strawberry and cinnamon dipping sauce . we didnt have a drink but did look at the homemade lemonade and the marion blackberry lemonade along with regular iced tea and a carmelized pear tea that i wish to try next time . they do offer salad ... ..but why ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was our first time dining at mod pizza . wow , what a great concept . finally an affordable gourmet type pizza the crust is a thin crispy crust that is topped with a flavorful sauce with any number of toppings and combinations . no deluxe pie here and no `` no substitutions '' signs . you are encouraged to make your pizza your own . my son had the cheese of course . i had several toppings and have to say , and i worked in the pizza restaurant business for approx 8 years , that this is probably the best pizza i have tried . i will be back again this week and will be a regular stop . i like grimaldis but the price keeps me away . no such problem here . way to go guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered online for pick up on a busy day and i was so satisfied to see a pizza box on my desk after a long meeting . my co worker grabbed it for me and i dove right in . i had a paleo pizza as i like to call it . gluten free pizza crust , lots of veggies , ground beef , pesto , dairy free cheese and i loved it ! ! ! i could not tell you how happy i was and pleased with the quality of pizza . did n't even taste like a `` healthy '' pizza . i will be back for sure !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is great ! they have a two options for sizes and prices are just right . they selections of ingredients tasted fresh , the sauce was tasty , and i even had the option for how long i wanted to cook my pizza . after the pie comes out they have finishers that you can add on . the customer service was great , we came in friday night about 10:30 and we were the first ones in before a late night rush hit . very friendly staff . they have some tasty craft beers on tap and wine if you desire . also , shakes and root beer floats are available . i will try out the salads next time too . definitely a great option to choose from of the three pizza on demand restaurants in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mini with red sauce , mozzarella , pepperoni , basil , roasted garlic , mushroom , black olive , roasted red pepper , gorgonzola and with balsamic fig ( ? ) glaze , crushed red pepper and parmesan . just a really good selection of toppings to help you create your perfect individual pizza . there 's not a limit , you could too you pizza with everything for the same price . beer and wine on tap in addition to fountain sodas and their own blend of brewed iced tea or lemonade . i 've tried a couple other small pizza places around town and this one ranks high for price , selection and flavor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sooooo good . cheap considering what you get and no extra charge for toppings . this place is great.. it 's clean , fast service , and cheap ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have given this place a couple more tries since my bad experience and had talked to a staff member.they really have done a good job of making sure things are clean , tastly and prepared right . thanks for listening to my review !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious ! price is right and pick your own pizza toppings ... what more can you ask for ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious pizza . staff was very friendly and service was quick . : ) top your pizza up for a reasonable price !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went for a fast lunch with family . pizza was ok but the workers behind the counter did n't seem to have it together at least the day we were there they have a good selection of different topping pizzas or you can pick the toppings you want . the salad looked good . looks like we are getting one in denver . i would try it again", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the choice of options ... plus ending result are amazing ! but employees could do a little better placing the toppings", "score": "4"}
{"review": "here 's the thing about mod pie ... as long as they do n't over or undercook it..it 's all about your ability to construct a pie to your liking . they do n't have every topping ever used on a pizza , but what 's there is fresh and of high quality . i love the concept of a personal pizza that is cooked in a brick oven and only takes 5 minutes to serve and mod pizza gets it done .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really liked it and very reasonably priced . each of the kids had their own pepperoni pizzas and i took a little adventure . at first it seemed like a little bit of sauce , but the end result was perfect . it 's a thin crust , which normally the kids do n't eat , but they raved about it and thought it was so good and crunch and then soft in the middle . would definitely try this place again . the location is next to kneaders and chipotle plaza off the 101 . they also had some teas and lemonade that seemed like interesting mixes , but i did n't try any of them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place presents itself well , and the food was decent , but the service was not good from almost every employee i encountered in there . the first guy seemed like he wished that he was n't being bothered by customers . the young lady that helped me next never even looked up at me while she rushed me through the ingredients with the constant `` what else ? '' . i got down to the end and the guy checking me out and firing the pizzas was nice . i 'm glad i got it to go , because although my experience at the restaurant was n't good , at least the pizza tasted good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just opened yesterday figured we try it . kind of like fired pie . crust is thin , had good flavor . you get to pick any toppings you want . my husband ordered meat and they were not stingy . there was allot of meat on his pie . i like cheese and i had roasted garlic . they have pesto that might never my next try . nice casual atmosphere . they have beer , soda . salads .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's an ok place . i feel like there are just so many of these make it yourself pizza places its hard to complete . i couldnt make meh last this many characters so what i will say is the staff is always friendly and people watching is always interesting . they could chill out with the bbq on their bbq pizzas though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent service , competitive price ! mod pizza , the best pizza which got the praise from me and my friends . considering the attire and ambience , it is good for families with kids and groups .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't say enough good things about this place wonderful staff very kind and helpful and the fact that you pay for the size only and all ingredients are unlimited and free just makes it all that better . delicious ingredients and clean environment , do yourself a favor and hit up mod pizza", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i get the mini and load it up with grilled chicken , mushrooms , olives , artichoke hearts , sun dried tomatoes , mozzarella and feta cheese and top it all off with pesto sauce . it 's delicious . for less than $ 5 . great deal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally broke down to check out mod pizza , i 've past by it 100 times . legit ! ! ! this is a kick ass pizza place . me and my 11 year old stopped in for dinner on a thursday , staff was super friendly in helping out us first timers . my son was so overwhelmed with all the toppings he froze under pressure , i had to help him out . actually i was too , trying to figure out what exactly would be my perfect pizza . i 'm glad to say that i did n't make it my first time , so i will have to come back several more times to try again . super fun for my kid to put what ever he wanted on his pizza , i loved it too . i wish i would of seen the gluten free option before i ordered ! ! ! we '' ll be back ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you want a personal pizza with a style come to mod . it 's affordable and tasty . milkshakes are great and they serve alcohol too . their lemonade and tea is good too . outdoor seating and bike parking . forget the other restaurants near by , come here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing pizza , so fresh and flavorful . tons of items to choose from , but i like my pizza simple . just some red sauce , pepperoni and pineapple . time it right and you 're in and out in 10 mins .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fresh , friendly , and delicious ! three words to describe our favorite local pizza place . you ca n't beat this place . the choices are never ending and it 's a fun way to enjoy pizza with the family ! check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff r very friendly at this one , at least the guy that helped me was . i love the texture of their crust ! i created my own typical red sauce roasted garlic spicy sausage bacon and veggies . i 'd like to try something different next time . maybe barbeque sauce cilantro and whatever else sounds good . place was clean . i was there around 10:45 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so here is my issue with mod pizza : apparently i eat too much in one sitting . the way this was determined - i could easily eat two `` mod '' size pizzas . so how can i correct this ? i ca n't . the next size option is just making the crust twice as thick , not my idea of a good thin crust pizza . so either i leave hungry from eating one pizza , or pay a crazy amount for two ( at least for a lunch that would be a bit crazy ) . the pizza was great , the staff was very nice , i just wish they had an additional size pizza for people who are actually hungry ... this is america ... super size me !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was great . the service was fast and friendly and the food was great too . i ordered the mod size , which was 4 giant pieces , and it only took like 5 minutes to be ready . i 've never been to any other mod pizza , but this particular one is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i 'm craving pizza this is one of my go to spots ! i love that you can build your own pizza and you can put any topping you want without paying extra : ) they also have pre made pizza selections if you do n't know what to get . you can choose from 3 different pizza sizes ( i usually get a mod which is equivalent to a mini medium pizza ) the staff is always friendly and the service is fast !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly , helpful staff . i used this place twice to cater conferences in tempe - i got a selection of 11 '' pizzas and a some mega salads with assorted dressings . online ordering was super easy . both times my food was ready the moment i arrived for pick-up . i got exactly what i ordered and all of my attendees were delighted . highly recommend the food , the service , and the reasonable prices . thanks so much for making feeding a group so easy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has always been so good ! ! i 've always eaten in but today i got it to go . my pizza and garlic strips were black . i 'll definitely go back just make sure you check if you get it too go . mine was too black to eat : ( otherwise the staff is awesome and its always been amazing when i get it for there", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got takeout from here . the service was lackluster at best . being ignored is maybe a fun gimmick in mew york or paris but not tempe . the pizza reflected the lackluster vibe . we wo n't bother again . could n't even spread the topping close to evenly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good , fast service . mod pizza is a family favorite as everyone can get what they please on their pizza for a low price . everyone at this location was super friendly . the manager was awesome , always making sure we had the best service and food that we can . you could tell he is a good leader and passionate about his job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "emily and conrad made a great pizza for me . they where very friendly . they helped me make the perfect pizza . they have two beers on tap and $ 2 pbrs and an assortment of bottled beer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ate here a few days ago and was n't all that impressed . one of the staff got an attitude with me when i asked about their gluten free crust which is odd because that 's one of their advertising points . if you 're looking for good pizza in the area , there are better options .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they did it again ! this specific location always goes above and beyond to service the customer . as someone who has a gluten intolerance this location always asks if i would like the oven cleaner before they put my pizza in to cook . i feel 100 % in being able to eat at this location . thank you again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the concept of fast and gourmet pizza is genius ! friendly ( not fake ) staff , good prices , and great thin-crust pizza . no charge for extra toppings ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this concept . great food . fun staff . fast service . what more can you ask for ? ! ? !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm originally from the east coast and i 've been in the valley almost a year . i keep searching for good pizza and have n't had much luck finding it . friends here also from back east told me that there really is not good pizza here . my friends lied to me . mod is amazingly good . if you like thin crust made to order pizza , hit this place up now . the best part of mod ? i tried the gluten free crust and it was awesome . crispy and chewy at the same time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome place , i love pizza and having this down the street from me is perfect . super friendly staff ; have lots of interesting types of pies , all which sounds tasty ! you can make you own and add on toppings at no extra cost ! teas are refreshing and not to over sweet . they also have local beer on draft . no wings but they do have milkshakes and floats . so you can get something sweet during or after : ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always have a great experience at this location . the staff is courteous , professional and always very helpful . the great customer service is very much appreciated .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone is so fantastic here ! ! they are eager to help and knowledgable with any question situation our family has ever had . great customer service and perfect location for us . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took money out of the atm in front of their credit union , went in and asked if i could trade 5 20s for a 100 dollar bill . i was informed that because i do n't have an account there they were unable to do this for me . you are a bank , you have money right ? ? ? i went across the street to 1st bank and they did it no questions asked . just because im not a current customer does n't mean i would n't be a future customer . i loved going back out in 110 degree heat to drive across the street to a bank that did what any bank can and should do . i just moved to this area but you are making my options of which bank to move to much shorter ... so thank you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "atm never works ! if i could give 0 stars i would ! being the only location near me at all i 'm always stuck . definitely taking my business elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is about the nice treatment that we had when me and my cousin were stuck in a broken car in the parking lot next to their office . we were trying to give a jump to my cousin 's car , and it took us a long time . it was a hot humid day . while we were trying to start the car , a young beautiful nice lady came with two cold bottle of water . we were very thankful . that was very nice and very thoughtful . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super friendly , efficient , helpful people . great customer service . highly recommend . went in to open an account today and i am completely pleased with the service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just opened a new account today . so far i am impressed . nidia was able to coordinate everything via email for my loan and new account which is great with my busy schedule . they were able to get me a lower rate than i was expecting for my new car i also refinanced my current car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "alright , so i am reposting this review with a total 180 from the original i wrote . another employee at azfcu has really gone out of their way to follow-up on a problem i had with them , that i thought was their fault and it actually was n't . after the employee followed up with me and we calmly talked through the details of the issues i was having , i was told specific transaction dates as well as dates of information reported to the three credit bureaus . not only did i realize that it was my mistake but the employee then referred me to some free resources of government sponsored programs that would help me resolve other issues . so yet again the people of arizona federal credit union have come through and really helped me . thank you all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite news station and the only news station in las vegas that is honest and well-balanced and not politically leaning one way or the other good morning news crew is like family to my girlfriend and i we ca n't get up without them and the evening news crew is what we relax him they keep us abreast of what 's happening in our neighborhood and in our country and we have gotten so used to them being in our lives that they 're what we think of when we see something happening . we would n't know what to do without them we would n't know what was happening in our neighborhoods without them and we would n't be able to handle the news that 's brought us it 's sometimes it 's pretty rough and sad without them they make it a little easier to tolerate the the bad news and they tend to give us a lot of good news and a lot of great human interest stories they make the world a better place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst tv station in america . the morning show is a morning zoo with jokes and laughs , no real news for the people that need to see what is happening . weather lady has no certification on her business but she likes to place little smiling faces or frowns on the screen for the day 's forecast . sports . they have a joker called vince that can not pronounce the names of the players in the game . other sports reporters actually wear unlv shirts and hats when reporting on the team . where is the objectivity of this station . you are supposed to be reporters , not on an audition for a game show . this is the most homer station in the universe . they need to refocus ... news is north , east , west and south . not happy dancing on the air waves and projecting fake news . the jason guy is more interested in his cats , than a major crime or budget issue with local government . do yourself a favor and avoid this tragedy of a so called fake news station .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "your phone number listed is not working today ! you have a newscast that actually keeps you awake the whole show . ted is a jewel ! ! ! i would so be grateful if you can tell me the e-mail address of the person who decides what football game we see . if you look at the map , seattle is a lot closer than chicago .. yet we did not get to see the seattle game . is the person who decides a failure in geography ? i will provide him an atlas ! jim kgj906 @ aol.com", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would give it a 5 , i love the normal morning crew . but saturday morning the girl who works in the anchor , at 6:30am is terrible . omg learn to read and stop the fumbling of words ! i seriously have to change the news to a new channel on saturday mornings because she is so terrible . but i will be back on mondays for the real and fun crazy crew", "score": "4"}
{"review": "too much advertising . this should be advertised as a 'variety show ' instead of ( fake ) -'news ' .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i miss seeing john dabkovich in the morning - where did he go ? i enjoy jason and monica , cassandra too . the verdict is out for sylvia and dave -- guess the change may not be so great . but , for the most part listen every morning for an update on the news .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "monica and jason are the best morning hosts on tv ... period . i always look forward to their morning show when visiting vegas . monica is especially hilarious . way to go kvvu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm visiting from the bay area and have to say that i 'm actually jealous . the morning news crew was so entertaining to watch . it was a great way to get my day started here in vegas . as dave hall , maria silva , ken smith , and les had incredible chemistry . as always the news is usually filled with grim news which was handled professionally , but dave and maria also filled the the morning news show with lots of fun , entertainment , positivity and good information about things to do while here in vegas . thanks morning crew and kudos for a job well done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "people should n't be eating meat but that 's everyone 's choice , but today to see them throw a dead turkey around was a disgrace ! ! ! poor choice by everyone involved . would you throw your dog or cat around like that after it dies ? ? ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this news station . the anchors are so silly that it seems more like a talk show than a news channel . they make borderline inappropriate jokes , star in funny commercials and poke fun at each other whenever possible . they even give traffic and weather information !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the station is amazing and the studios rock having been to the studio more then once is great and the outdoor kitchen is a sweet touch", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after winning tickets we had to pick them up from there location . the staff was super friendly and got to meet jason . fox5 is definitely our favorite news .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "diamond ! i earned it ! hot food ! i do like the dip and chips . service is amazing and this is one of the nicer ones , they have specialty cocktails on the table to choose from but all can make one up for you if you ca n't decide . be sure to tip well , they really go out of their way to make you feel like royalty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the diamond lounge at planet hollywood usually has better drinks than some of the other diamond lounges . really nice cocktails , including seasonal specials . the food selection is similar across most lounges . pretty comfortable seating , friendly staff , and it does n't get as crowded as caesar 's . one of my faves .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "maybe not as large as the diamond lounge at caesar 's , but they have the standard fare here . you can snack on veggie sticks with dip , buffalo wings , salsa chips , nuts , and meatballs . there is also a dessert tray if you prefer sweets . their distinguishing feature is that they serve seasonal cocktails that make your boozing a bit more interesting . the small size of the lounge makes it a bit more cozy and service tends to be better as you will definitely not go unnoticed by the staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "being the vip we are ! ! ! ! ! 4-6pm hot food served on fri & sat ! always great service with a : ) diamond players get + 1 7 stars get + 3 i think ... . just make sure u tip generously ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite diamond lounge in vegas ! - it feels bigger than other diamond lounges and there is never a wait for a table -they have a custom drink menu ( see pic from halloween below ) . also , drinks are from a full bar in the back so lots of options . -friendly and knowledgable servers -hot food is served from 4-6 . the typical spread has pretzel rolls , hummus , two fried food options and desserts . it 's ok , but the custom drinks really steal the show ! -if you want to leave with your drink , the host stand has plastic cups to pour your drink into when deciding which diamond lounge to go to , this one always wins , hands down !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the lounge i hit up most frequently when in vegas . mostly because i stay here more than most other places . but all the staff in this lounge are pleasant and treat everyone with respect . hot food is usually chicken wings and another finger food . i 've seen dumplings , egg rolls , and little burrito thingies . if my memory serves me right ( not likely when i 'm vegas ) , but i remember , maybe , them serving prime rib before . maybe it was a special occasion . but anywho , i love stopping by for a wake me up ( at 4pm ) and pre game . drinks are to order and pretty good . thank you guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice and large lounge . they serve cold snacks when open and hot food from 4pm onwards . snacks usually include chips , vegetables dip , and some desserts . hot food might be egg rolls , potstickers , or chicken wings , for example . hours are noon to 9pm friday saturday , otherwise 4pm-9pm .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent chicken wings and stuffed artichokes . 7 specialty cocktails . excellent service . check in host was very fun and friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like the setup of this lounge how it 's off the casino floor so you do n't get tons of people wandering in to see what it is . those who are tr diamond know where it is and how to get there . it 's a bit awkward when there 's a show or convention letting out and you have to push through the locals to get to the location , but not an issue . the service in this lounge is great . while there is no walk-up bar like harrahs caesars palace , the service is quick and get it right all the time . i enjoyed it . with all the diamond lounges , wish the snacks were a little more substantiative outside the 4-6pm hours , and wish it was open earlier in the afternoon weekdays , but i can deal without that . it 's a great escape from the noisy casino to re-group and decompress .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the rooms are nice but getting into and out of the hotel is a hassle ! ! the staff is friendsly , the rooms clean and a firm bed ! the most important things !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice rooms but the display lights did n't work in our room so we could n't see the cool memorabilia from happy days . large tubs ! casino floor is nice keep your eyes out for the massage therapists that circulate and massage your back , neck and shoulder while you gamble . burgr is phenom ! ! ! ! we ate there every day for lunch ! tried most of the menu and have made sure to add this stop on our list every time we visit vegas . the miracle mile mall is my favorite ! love the store there , soooo many ! great location in a happening spot located in the center of the strip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice as it gets , but the rewards suck at harrahs properties . good , fair service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great to stop in for a quick drink and or bite . not the biggest buffet or seating areas of the clubs but i love their seasonal drink menus . service is always good , too whether you 're by yourself or with a group .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nick is the best ! ! total car guy which i guess gives him that extra attention to detail . my car did n't look this good when i bought it new . usually i 'm a diy'er because i just have the hardest time finding someone who pays the attention i do . nick actually does a better job than i could ever do and i do n't have to be stuck in the heat anymore . definitely my go to guy from now on", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nick is the best detailer i 've ever been to . i am so hard on my car cause i 'm always parked under trees during the day . yet , somehow he always is able to make my car look brand new again . i do n't know how he does it , but i 've never had anyone pay this much attention to detail for the price he charges . i ca n't recommend him enough ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service that came right to me . i was on a road trip , visiting a friend and my car had seen better days . with a sheet of bugs and grime on the outside and an incident with spilled chocolate bits ( that had melted and mashed in corners ) inside , nick made her look like new . plus , he is a super nice guy who obviously loves cars . he gave me some notes about future care and things i can do to keep her pretty . i really wish i lived here to use him all the time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nick duhig came to my home to detail my car in 113 degrees . if that 's not dedication to great customer service i 'm not sure what is . my car is often in the parking lot of the airport so it needed some tlc . nick made it look like new again . the attention to detail was awesome . i 'm super picky and their was not a spot left anywhere . i would highly recommend nicks car detailing service . he 's very knowledgeable about the products he uses to make the car shine like new !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awful . if this is what they call a bargain venue , then dsw must be bottom of the barrel prices . every shoe i found was priced at the same point as kohl 's , dsw or a department store . i was looking for a pair of sperry 's and was doing price comparing on my smart phone . i am a constant purchaser of running shoes and boat shoes . i found no deals here . i ventured in the `` bargain room '' and most of the shoes were decently priced . nothing really stood out . the bargains were not that good of a bargain . i am sure there are times you can get great deals . however , today was not the day . this place is for people who have hard sizes to find . you can find specialized work shoes here . otherwise , save your gas . the drive is just not worth it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "returned worn boots and credit was issued . my husband buys his boots here on a yearly basis . the last boots did not `` break in '' like most boots do . two months after wearing them , he brought them back to the shoe box . he found another pair he liked and we proceeded to check out . steve stepped up and gave us full credit ( $ 118 ) and we purchased a new pair . we will be back again ! where in the world , can you find a retailer that will refund you full price on a product that is considered `` used '' as soon as you walk out that door ? steve , you know how to treat folks right . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i waited for a very long time to get someone to serve me . i was trying to get a man 's shoe , although i am a woman ( they are for work ) . employees just kept passing me by even though i was smiling , and trying to make eye contact . i watched a male employee work with a customer until he was clearly finished . i asked if he could help me get this shoe in my size , and he told me he would get someone . eventually a woman came and helped me . i bought my boots . guess what ? turns out i can not be assisted at the shoe-box by a man ! only female employees are allowed to assist female customers . as a customer i find this very annoying , and i will not only talk to female employees for assistance . how does this even happen ? is this even legal ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is perhaps the single greatest shoe store i 've ever been in . it really does live up to its name of being the `` shoe box '' , wall-to-wall shoes in every direction , and friendly staff to quickly assist you with any questions you might have . my lady bought a pair of shoes here she was unable to find anywhere else , and the price was very reasonable . if you are driving through , make sure to mark this place on your map and take a turn to check out a great store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we `` stopped by '' the shoe box tonight and , once again , i remembered why i love this place ... .they have awesome service ... they set the bar for the rest of the retail world . they have an an amazing selection of high quality shoes . do n't get me wrong . if you are looking for platform spike pointy toe shoes , you wo n't find them here . if you are looking for those cardboard soled shoes that you find all over the malls ... ai n't happening . but , if you are looking for sandals , shoes , boots ( hiking and cowboy ) , or athletic shoes that when you put them on , you do n't want to take them off , this is your place . they are n't inexpensive , but when you wear shoes for years , they become a great value . thanks , steve , for keeping us all in shoes and smiles .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is brilliant- great customer service and the prices are incredibly reasonable . if you have kids and need to get them shoes once a year- this is definitely the place . good selection of work shoes- be sure to check out the bargain room !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every year i visit madison , wisconsin and i only buy my shoes from this store . ( i live in the san francisco bay area , california ) my friend and i make it a yearly event to drive from her house in madison to good earth . the selection of shoes here is unbelievable . you can even find really good bargains . the staff is very helpful and efficient . and i just dont get that kind of service out in california . see you next august !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are a handful of day trips to take when you go to madison , wi and this is one of them . the drive to black earth , wi is lovely and the experience at the shoe box is both rewarding and fun ! when i lived in madison , wi we used to ship here regularily for boots , kids shoes , my own work shoes , etc . now i have moved to arizona and i drug the new hubby and my son out to black earth for the day and it was a fabulous experience . we all got new shoes , and met the birds , and enjoyed the photos of the memorabilia on the walls . we then drove to mt . horeb for lunch and back to madison , wi for an ice cream cone on the terrace . probably the best , and most ideal , wisconsin summer day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have nothing but good things to say about the shoe box . the quantity of shoes in all shapes and sizes is unbelievable . their prices are very reasonable . plus if you get a coupon from tuesday 's wisconsin state journal , you get another 10 % off one pair . i also like the friendly staffers who are always there to help . no attitude laden snotty staffers here like morgans at hilldale . just friendly , helpful people . i sometimes feel bad when i try on like 10 pairs and only buy 2 and the clerk just says , `` no problem . '' love the animals that live here . also love the hot dog brat frys out on the porch in the warmer weather that benefits so many local groups like the scouts , cheerleaders , etc . steve , the owner , definitely has it going on and has been doing it right for many years now . also if he wants to give discounts to people sports teams , etc . , no big thing . its his store and he can make the rules .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best shoe store in the country ! i live in texas and buy most of my shoes here when visiting . great selection and super friendly personnel -- well trained to help you with sizes and selection but without putting pressure on . always loved the bargain area in the back and just got to see the new bargain box building . sweet ! ! ! spacious aisles , well-organized merchandise , water cooler with lemon slices ( sometimes it 's the little touches that win me over ) and as always , great selection and prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ah , the shoe box , famous for shoes and giving illegal discounts to badger athletes . you wo n't find manolo 's or anything that 's been on the runway recently ( think last 10 years ) , but you will find a wide range of sandals , clogs , dress , boots , hiking , running , soccer , basketball , etc etc for men , women and children . be sure to visit the bargain room first for the unconventional and unexpected , such as name-brand running shoes for $ 19.99 . what you 'll enjoy : excellent sales service . the sales people are well-informed and quick ( considering the stock room is all the way at the back , and another is in a warehouse across the street ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the shoe box is simply the best shoe store in the country . if they do n't have it , you do n't need it ! great service , reasonable prices , plentiful bargains and mark-downs -- and every size imaginable -- they could outfit bigfoot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the shoe box is the best place for a huge variety of shoes ! ! ! lots of different brands and styles . the bargain room is amazing -- everything from uggs ( if i only liked them ) to strappy sandals to running shoes ( if i only went running ) ... .really good prices though . the sales people are really friendly and helpful too , which is always a plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this . place . omg . it 's like every quality well-made shoe you could ever want to wear ( well , not the stooped expensive red sole dealies or similar , none of which really pair well with wisconsin winters ) just up and decided to cohabitate . even if you have extra small large narrow wide feet , you 'll find what you 're looking for , promise ! great service . great products , fair prices . always worth spending a few hours here when i 'm in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service from what i experienced but the place can be very busy so go during off-peak , non busy hours if you want one-on-one attention . got pricey work boots from here and will buy my next pair of us made boots here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "holy moley , this place is huge ! variety , variety , not much in the glamorous kicks department but lots of great brands at good prices . the bargain room was awesome but you need time to search . not a store to just pop in and out of .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "holy crap- the shoe box has a lot of shoes ! the prices are fair , not great , but very fair . the selection is something else- tons of shoes everywhere- folks come from miles around to shop here . and they 've got a good bargain room in the back- make sure you do n't miss it , there are a bunch of birds in cages back there too ... my favorite part about the shoe box ? stopping bye on a summer saturday afternoon when the local cubscouts are running their brat stand by the front door . they do it often , and a cubscout brat at the shoebox on a sunny saturday is hard to beat !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the only place to buy kids shoes . they always measure and their sales people are extremely knowledgeable and not satisfied until you are . we have not gotten shoes here yet that have n't lived up to our expectations on fit or function . customer service is excellent . prices are pretty good , in line with what you would expect to pay online . additionally , they have excellent bargains , and lots of stuff to keep kids entertained while you shop . they do n't accept amex , but do accept most credit , debit , cash , or check .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been buying running shoes at the shoe box for ages and am always impressed with the selection and service . they actually check the size of your feet and lace up your shoes and are extremely patient while you try on a dozen different kinds of running shoes and jog in circles around the store . furthermore , there are 10 % off coupons to be found in local newspapers and discount cards from the boscobel bulldogs fundraising efforts , so the prices come to be more affordable . i appreciate the shoe box 's support of local youth both through providing lots of employment and through sponsoring a variety of sports teams . plus , i buy great shoes there , from running shoes to nursing clogs to snow boots , while my mom buys sandals and my dad buys work boots . they also have several cages of pet birds throughout the store , sure to entertain your kid after he has lost interest in trying on gazillions of shoes or jumping on those floor mats that make `` boing '' sounds . be sure to check out the sales room in the back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! ! ! that 's a lot of shoes ... able to pick up 4 pairs for our guy to start the school year with at great prices . same models are about 20 % less than morgans in hilldale . my wife found a few good deals also . i unfortunately could n't find a thing . i do n't need athletic , hunting or work type shoes . their selection of dress shoes is totally pathetic , nothing but cheap crap . if i wanted to look like cousin eddie from vacation , or dilbert , i would shop there for something to go with the suit i bought at sears .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "drove to black earth yesterday with my mom for the sole purpose of visiting the shoe box . my mom is a ridiculously picky , difficult , penny-pincher who buys maybe one pair of shoes each year and had n't bought new running walking shoes in 15 years . thanks to the shoe box , she walked out with three pairs , including tennies . this is unheard of for my mother . staff were extremely kind , patient , and helpful . it did take a little while to get someone to help us ; however , once we did , that associate was stuck to us like glue until we had found everything we wanted . i was n't really blown away by the prices ; they were fine , but similar to what you can get online or at a place like dsw . my mom also dragged her feet ( ha ha get it ) for so long that we hit closing time before making it over to the bargain room . however , the overall experience , associates , and products were great . recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "helpful staff- check outrageous selection- check solid pricing- check worth the drive- without a doubt", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! wow do they have a selection of shoes . i have found the place where i will buy my dress shoes from here on out . i had someone asking how they could help me immediately . the employee was very friendly and brought my shoes out to try on right away . he even laced them up and helped me try them on . a salesperson with a shoe horn too ! i will be back and you need to check the place out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the motto here is `` service like it oughtta be '' and they hold to it . i had n't been to the shoe box since high school , and it 's like i remember in all the good ways : huge selection , amazing ( but not pushy ) service , and great prices on good shoes . they do n't go too much for trend and fashion as they do quality shoes here . i left with 2 new pairs and one big smile .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place . if you are looking for the latest fashion this is probably not the place for you . however , if you are looking for a great selection of boots of all kinds , athletic shoes , sandals , and kid 's shoes then this is the place for you . the pricing is extremely competive here - well worth the 20 minute drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff is arrogant . they act like they are doing you a favor for letting you shop there . and their prices really are not that great .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after placing an order through their online store more than two weeks ago , i was just informed that my order was canceled . i had to phone their customer service line 1 week after submitting my order for an update as i had not heard anything regarding shipping . during that phone call i was told that the shoes i ordered are still in stock and that a manager would phone me the following business day . it is now a week later , i never heard from that manager , and just received an email that my order was canceled as the shoes are no longer in stock . i phoned customer service again in an attempt to figure out what happened , and was told that nothing can be done regarding the specific shoes , which i understand , but they apparently do n't care to keep customers as the woman i spoke with did n't even try to assist me with anything else to keep me as a customer . they do not care and i will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "okay , you 're a large store and really popular . i get it , you get busy . however , nearly half an hour to check out because you have zero organization for the checkout area is ridiculous and makes it even slower . sales people will just randomly stack shoes by the counter and then the cashier has to figure out which of the twenty sandals are yours . no one tells you you need to remember the brand so your shoes can be tracked down a little easier . on top of that , no one seems clear on what 's on sale and what is n't , so the checkout person has to go hunt down someone to clarify . considering there 's only two registers , this is a nightmare when it happens . honestly , there are better places with more options where you can actually check out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the shoebox used to have good service . the last three times my family and i have been here it was impossible to get help . staff is standing around and when asked they acted put out . when they did help they disappeared for 10 minutes brought some shoes then disappeared again . it 's a shame because i like to support local businesses . zappos and online from now on .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "better than average fast chinese food restaurant . i had the shrimp chow mein and it was chuck-ful-of fresh crunchy vegetables and good plump shrimp . they mean business with their hot & sour soup ! their servings are enough for take home bag or splitting if you order an app or egg roll to go with it . ca n't beat the prices for the amount of food they give you . i love the green tea family dinners menu they offer . check it out ! serious language barrier with most staff .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really think my rating should be about 4.5 but it 's not an option . this ahwatukee restaurant has been open about a month and i 've gotten food here 3 times . i 've had 3 different dishes and apps and all were very good . well , except for one minor issue . i had the moo shu pork and the pancakes were hard and breaking up . however , the entree itself was excellent . there are only a few tables and a counter for sitting so i always took the food home . the food is prepared to order and is ready very quickly . definitely recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great little hole in the wall . we 've ordered from here a few times over the last few months and we always get fast friendly delivery with great tasting food . i really do n't know why this place does n't have better reviews .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this new place for the first time jan 2 , 2016 . ordered over the phone and food was ready when we got there . the place was nice & clean . there were several people waiting for food & a few that were waiting to order . a good sign i thought . we got beef & broccoli with white rice , veggie lo mein , and egg rolls . we liked all of our food . the only weird thing was i thought i smelled a fishy smell on my beef . as if it was cooked in a same pan with fish . hmmmm . not good if u do n't really care for fish . we will be back for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had ordered orange chicken and dumplings . the orange chicken was okay , but the steamed dumplings ' skin was a little to thick and doughy . i think that fried steamed dumplings would probably be a better choice than steamed dumplings if you plan on ordering dumplings here . the filling in the dumpling is made of beef and i think that it tasted pretty decent . in terms of size of this restaurant it is kinda small so i do n't think it can hold big parties . the wait for the food was fairly fast .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "happy to find chinese food available in ahwatukee on christmas day as the unbelievably crowded chinese restaurant we ordered from last year was not open . language barrier over the phone so we drove over to find the place devoid of customers . they should have had someone twirling a sign on chandler boulevard the day prior noting that they would be open on christmas day . our carryout was prepared fresh and the rest of the family enjoyed their food , while i enjoyed my egg roll as i thought the food had a somewhat unpleasant smell . another reviewer mentioned a fishy smell . will definitely try this place again though . update : writing the review today made me crave egg rolls , sent husband to pick up two and they were delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very impressed with my first experience . placed an order for delivery , everything was correct , well presented , promptly delivered , and absolutely delicious ! combination fried rice , pork lo mein , seafood in garlic sauce , sesame chicken and egg rolls . rave reviews by all ! keep up the great work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not try to dine in here , i stood there for 5 minutes while the lady attened to 2 phones and never even acknowledged me . then when she had time for me , she was not very attentive and almost rude . i never got to try the food , so i ca n't comment on that . this should thought of as take out only .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the egg drop soup was pretty good . i also got the mixed vegetables in garlic sauce . it was decent but i probably would n't order it again . luckily i 'm not vegetarian because i found chicken in the `` vegetarian dish '' lol", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ordered crab won tons , sweet and sour shrimp , hot and spicy shrimp and vegetable fried rice . the crab won tons tasted of stale overused oil so i only ate two before throwing the rest away . the sweet and sour shrimp was under cooked , when i bit into one the batter was still slightly raw on the inside . the hot and spicy shrimp was decent but even though i ordered it spicy ( they gave an option on level of spiciness ) it still was n't very spicy . the sauce was nicely flavored though and it came with lots of veggies which i liked . the fried rice was just ok , neither bad nor really good . i probably would n't eat here again but chose to give it a try because they delivered to my home . i will keep searching for a favorite chinese restaurant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "decent food but i practically have to beg for extra soy sauce every time i order . i know it 's only a small issue but it 's annoying . so annoying that i 'm leaving this review . how much does three or four packs of soy sauce cost them ? i asked for for three extra packs of soy sauce and they placed one one the bag and stapled it up . i did n't notice the fooled me until i got home . the food is decent but taste like every other chinese place . i may go back but i wo n't enjoy being made to feel bad when all i wo n't is extra soy sauce .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "craig is one of our vendors from cricket carpet cleaning and they are the best ! we recently had a huge resident activity that cricket carpet cleaning participated in by making a generous donation . we appreciate their business and recommend anyone to use cricket carpet cleaning . thank you craig , we appreciate everything that you do for us at ascent at papago park !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "could n't be more pleased with this company ! in and out in a matter of an hour and the carpet looks better than when we moved in ! thanks guy 's ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very pleased with this company . backstory : i was having trouble finding a company to clean the carpets because i am on the 3rd floor . even sears had told me no unless i paid extra for the portable ( no thank you ) . it was recommended that i call cricket carpet , and there was absolutely no issue . craig was very nice , and called about an hour before he planned to arrive . so much better than sitting around and waiting , and waiting , and waiting like some other service companies make you do . he was courteous and professional and fun to talk to ; and the carpets look great ! if i move to a place with carpets , this will be my go-to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mitchell from cricket carpet cleaning just left my home . the job he did was amazing . took care of dirt as well as pet urine . the companys pricing is also great . i did n't have 300.00 for cleaning . crickets pricing is very fair . i did n't expect perfection ... .but recieved with cricket . i would and will recommend this carpet cleaning company to all and everyone . also want to mention that mitch was a polite , very friendly and i will request him next time . thanks cricket one happy customer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible service . very rude and unprofessional . will never use again . do n't waste your time or money with them ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had never been to a chiropractor before visiting dr. katherine and dr. dave . they made the new experience very easy and are great people . i was rear ended in february and have been visiting them weekly ever since . scheduling appointments is very flexible and they allow you to use a walk-in option so you do n't have to worry about being late for a specifically scheduled time . friday , their assistant , is extremely friendly and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been a patient for over a year . staff is great and everyone is super friendly and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to desert valley chiro since the current owners took over . i have been going to chiropractic consistently since a serious back injury about 14 years ago in multiple states . katherine and dave are either the best chiropractors i have worked with or tied . but , they go way beyond just that . great business people who go beyond the work day and out of the way to help customers out . i have now moved out to goodyear but will continue to make the drive to see them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i started coming here for a sore back and dr iacuone and his wife are both amazing ! after only a few visits my back feels a million times better . the staff are all very friendly and it is very easy to get an appointment . i would recommended this place to anyone wanting to help their pain naturally .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do chiropractic is a great place . dr. dave is informative and does a great job lining things up again . lower back pain went from an 8 to a 2 in 2 weeks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "desert valley chiropractic is the best ! dr dave & dr katherine have helped me with so many different issues throughout the years ... plantar fasciitis , tmj , headaches , hip pain , low back pain , ankle pain , sinus pressure , a broken shoulder , neck pain ... just to name a few ! they are simply the best ! their staff is so cheerful & accommodating . if you are thinking about incorporating chiropractic treatments into your life - i highly recommend you call them today ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these are the only chiropractors i trust . they use the activator method so there is a gentle realignment of the system rather than the twisting and popping you would get at other practices . plus , they are very concerned with the health of your whole system and will answer and all questions you may have or volunteer information you may need , without trying to sell you products . if you need help finding a quality product they will help you find one , but they do not ever push products . ps - have moved about 35 minutes drive away from their office and i still drive to see them since they are one of only three offices ( last i looked ) fully trained and certified in the activator method . their method and their customer service are worth the extra travel for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice family owned business with a pleasant and peaceful atmosphere . they practice a noninvasive method of chiropractic . no jerking or twisting . and they accept insurance . i have issues with my neck and lower back . you can schedule an appointment , but they have a walk in service that has been really helpful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great . the staff is super friendly . i 've been to other chiropractors where they are just trying to lock you into a `` package '' . they did n't do that here , they genuinely seem to care about helping you feel better rather then how many times they can get you to come in . the facility is clean and modern . i highly recommend this place to anyone who is researching chiropractors . i 've only been coming here for a week and i feel better already .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr katherine and dr dave are great . do an awesome job and are really friendly . the staff is super helpful . highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best thing i have done for my back is visit . doctors katherine and david are awesome . very knowledgeable and caring . i highly recommend their service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they . are truly fantastic ! ! the activator is the way to go . no popping bones or hands on you like normal chiro . it 's gentle and effective . plus they are just fantastic people !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hurt my back a few weeks ago , and it was n't getting better with just rest and ice packs . i found desert valley chiropractic through a search of bcbs of az and read the yelp reviews on the ones closest to me . i chose this one . this chiropractic office is the real deal . there staff is very friendly , and i have met both doctors and they are super nice people . dr. katherine first examined me and identified how my entire spine was out of alignment . she used gentle measures - an activator , stretching exercises and stem stimulation . i am feeling much improved , and the wait time with an appointment is not very long . i recommend this office to anyone experiencing back pain !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing place ! the customer service is perfect and amazing ! i love how personable they are . on top of that , i came in because of frequent and severe migraines . they did an evaluation and my back was so messed up ! i had never gone to a chiropractor before , so i somewhat expected it . since i 've gone , my migraines are n't gone yet , but they have been better ! i definitely recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decades of sports and athletics . i hurt . 5 surgeries , nsaids , narcotics , and enough ice to solve global warming . nothing brings relief like the non invasive approach dr. iacuone uses . i 've felt continuous relief of pain , a reduction in swelling , and increased range of motion since making treatment a priority . i 'm in and out , they always make me feel comfortable and service with a smile . do your body a favor and help it heal itself . cheers", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being a nurse i am always thrilled when i find someone who is an excellent practitioner . i was lucky enough to find desert valley . thrilled they use the activator instead of cracking and popping like i experienced 5 years ago at another chiro . the staff is awesome as well . can not recommend desert valley chiro high enough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place , great service , very friendly and thorough . highly recommended ! cathi geisler", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would be living on pain pills for the rest of my life were it not for dr. dave . i have a true fear ( anxiety ) of chiropractors . one bad experience made me afraid to ever go back again . but , thanks to a recommendation by a friend , i learned about the activator method and after my first visit knew i would be able to stop the prescriptions and start being more physically active again . i now look forward to visiting dr. dave and dr. katherine . you see ... they actually care about my health and well being . this is rare these days . if you are a `` scardy cat '' like me when it comes to chiropractors , i highly recommend you make a visit to desert valley chiropractic . you 'll be grateful for the rest of your life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i started going to desert valley chiropractic due to a work injury . these guys are awesome ! they 're always on the hunt for more issues than you originally went in for , to make sure you leave completely satisfied . i would recommend them to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after researching many chiropractors , i 'm so glad i decided on desert valley ! i 've never been to a chiropractor before and had no idea what to expect . from the moment i walked in the door i knew i made the right decision . i ca n't wait to go back and get the treatment i need to feel better ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. dave and dr. catherine are amazing ! i am pregnant and they have helped with the known back pain that accompanies pregnancy . : ) i also love the activator method they use , since it 's non-invasive . i highly recommend desert valley chiropractic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant is one of my favorite restaurant . first , the waitress is very friendly and the food is very tasty . if you want to try traditional indonesian foods , this restaurant is highly recommended !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a hidden gem independence ! the pad thai is the best i 've ever eaten ! the ingredients in their sushi are so fresh and well put together ! ca n't say enough about this yummy place ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this restaurant ! great sushi ! ! ! hibachi is also wonderful . going to try pad thai next time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . the tuna tataki is amazing . sushi rolls are great and the indonesian soup is great as well . i recommend stopping in", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brilliant flavors in all of the food from the sushi , beef rendang to the pad thai ... whether its dine in or take out super friendly service.. well done harry & kenny , jake and ozzy", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had an excellent experience . if you are an indonesian food lover , this restaurant will likely meet your expectations . if you are not yet , you may join the club after trying this . they provide authentic delicious indonesian food . i have n't tried the japanese menu , so i ca n't evaluate that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was a great experience eating at ohiyo . my parents and i came here on a whim and left full and unexpectedly satisfied . we will be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming to jay for a couple months now and been getting the best haircuts from him ! he does amazing work . jay is always fun and the space is awesome anyone looking for a great haircut , come here- for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jay is awesome ! he does really nice clean cuts and has done some really cool undercut designs for me ! i had gone to a couple of places that messaed up my hair . after one visit to acent u i have n't gone anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had left the military and san diego and moved to gilbert az , looking for a haircut and a proper fade is tough to find . i first went to a salon ... ..horrible decision , came out looking like a ragged doll , it was a bullcut but worst all chopped up . well luckly i ran into jay and he some how found a way to save my look and give me a correct fade . i have stayed with his services ever since . he 's a professional and a man that takes full pride in his craft , from the services of the cut to great conversations and ending with just an honorable person . 100 % would recommend his business of cuts you will not be disappointed . and last but not least he 's former military and has his discounts for his veterans . hell yes support ! ! ! eric am2 ( aw ) u.s. navy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jay is not only an outstanding person but a great hair and beard stylist . definitely found my new barber . quality is outstanding and price of cuts are great too . everyone should check him out ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to jay for beard trims for about a year now , 100 % best in the valley ! ! i 'm stoked he 's finally got his own spot , conveniently located next to a quality gym and dutch bros. what else can you ask for . great hours too , i generally work late so it 's nice knowing i can get a quality trim after 6pm .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "j has been cutting my hair for about a year now . he is a perfectionist and always does quality work . the membership program works well for me as i like to keep a fresh cut", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the employees here are rude ... i 'm a hard working american citizen and they treat me like i 'm a bum off the street bothering them ... i will not be spending any more money here ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this store is a mess always and the manager is very rude to its customers on the 4th of july they had one checker and 15 customers in line we asked to have another checker and the manager was very rude with her answer it took her 15 minutes to get one open and then . told the customer in front of me she could not take the cart out . so my fianc\u00e9 helped her out", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the store is in complete disarray . shelves are not stocked . and what is on the shelves is mixed together . generally there is only one cashier between 3 and 9 pm . they do n't allow shopping carts to leave the store , which i found out after purchasing $ 60 worth of merchandise and groceries . which included a case of water , 2 cases of tea , 2 gallons milk , 8 lb powder laundry detergent , gallon bleach , and various items . all of which i had to carry to my car from the check stand . luckily for me there was a good samaritan that helped . the cashier was friendly . i only go to this store now if i have no other choice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "le massage est d\u00e9sastreux ! the owner is arrogant and unpleasant . not returning to this spa . i am feeling more depressed coming out of it !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the decor is beautiful but my experience was not that relaxed . i thought i would be getting a reflexology treatment but it was more like the therapist was just touching my feet . she said it was a `` european reflexology '' i bought it on living socials . it was supposed to be a introduction . she put some kind of herbal paste on my feet that i could probably make at home . she did n't even ask me if the bright light could be turned down . i felt distracted by the other clientele coming in the room . i did not feel like my belongings would be safe in the locker . they are over priced and not very honest . what a waste of my money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this location is terrible . the car selection is piss poor even when you make a reservation days ahead of time . we work for a large corporation and rent cars often , the last one was a hyundai which did n't have cruise , power anything , dings on the body , mass . plates , and plate sized stains throughout the entire car . i would suggest either another rental company or another enterprise that stocks decent vehicles . this is the 5th or 6th time renting from here and probably our last .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service and quick in and out time renting returning car .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have rented from this local location numerous times and have had very good customer service . i had ian help me on the last couple of occasions and he went out of his way `` to go the extra mile '' ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "location is fine , i have rented 4 straight months for my once a month trip out of town . picked me up on time . basically get whatever is there as far as a car . i have had a loaded avalon , vw jetta , hyndai , and toyota .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rick gave me a pretty mean haircut - he 's a seasoned barber with years of experience ... i grew up near blawnox but used to go to vic 's in a-wall because of the old-town barbershop feel , and that 's what `` colonel rick '' is trying to go for with his ( newer ) place in blawnox . he 's quite opinionated and you can have a good conversation with him so long as you show respect , in which case he 'll show you the same !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rick 's is awesome . old school barber shop - quality haircut and shave at a great price . i am in town for a wedding went to the sports clip down the road ( bad idea ) and they totally butchered me . i went in - rick fixed me right up . haircut and a shave .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great shave , great conversation . rick is cut from the old cloth of how men should conduct themselves . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there today for a shave , both head and face . rick nice guy loves to chat and makes you feel welcome . now this was worst shave ever , when i got home i had to reshave huge areas missed and thats an understatement . dont know about a cut but pass on a shave , does not use straight razor..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rick 's is great . i 'm in town from ca for a spell and want a proper classic barber cut , not a chain , and not a hipster . though there 's nothing not hip about rick . great cut , great conversation . hot towel . price is right . btw , rick related that the guy who called him a racist asked to have a swastika cut in his hair , and as a former marine colonel , there 's no way rick 's gon na do that . sorry i did n't get a shave . next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to rick for over 6 years every 2 weeks . he also cuts my 2 sons hair . he 's become a great friend and he provides a great service . this is a classic straight razor metal blades barber shop . tough to find anymore . i highly recommend him to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i signed up for yelp just to leave a negative review on this company . where do i begin ? the sales part is great , but once they have you in there is no more communication from them . master craftsman will tell you a date range then be sooooo late with no explanation or contact to let you know . upon contacting them , they will not return your calls and you have to constantly follow up . save yourself a lot of stress , go anywhere else ! ! ! ! ! ! ! p.s . they are always late but want prompt payment without a min to spare .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you want customer service this is not the place to go . when we arrived 3 of the 4 sales people had customers . then one of the sales people finished with their customer . now 2 had no customers . however , during all of this time we were never acknowledge . now with the 2 sales people with no customers we still were not acknowledge . then these two gentlemen both walked by us and still with no acknowledgement . after being in the building for approximately 20 minutes and no acknowledgement we just walked out . do n't go if you want service ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the person i worked with at first seemed nice , friendly and professional . we were looking to get a quote for a new front door and were told that it was in a certain price range . the manager took liberty on himself to make up the quote and send it to me while the original sales person had the day off . the quote came back $ 1500 higher than expected and a day late . after reading the reviews , i can only imagine if the quote came back late and inaccurate , could i really trust them to get my entry door installation correct ? no thanks , master craftsman .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "replaced my sliding patio door with marvin integrity double doors . the quality of the door is immediately noticeable . the two technicians did a great job on the installation ; being both timely and tidy . the stucco repair blended perfectly with my existing exterior . thankfully the technician took the time to show me how to work the locks despite me refusing instruction . i had assumed all locks work the same ; not so . i will agree with the most common complaint , which is time between sell and installation . when we 're doing improvements , every buyer is anxious to see the results , so 4-6 seeks feels like 4-6 months . for some reason , master craftsmen waited 5 days ( after ) the door arrived at their facility to schedule my installation . surely they need to find a better solution ; remember the customer is very anxious & excited . in the future , i plan to replace my front door and as long as they 're still in business , they will have my business .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "master craftesmen are wonderful ! i 've just moved into a new house , we 'll new to me . the house is twelve years old and needed some fixing up . i had several odd jobs for them to do - from adding spring hinges to a door to painting a two-story entry to hanging new ceiling lights . someone came out , gave me a great quote and a crew of two came back and made all the repairs . they did a great job and i could n't be more pleased with the work or the price . i 'd definitely call them in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they were great . the patch mike did on my wall looks like new . i cant even tell where it was . the area around was left cleaner than it started . what a professional . and the price was great ! i will definitely use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "am i allowed to rate about how much i fun i had for so little money ? i think i will ! for $ 15 i was able to have 2 hours of fun ! at first , it does feel a bit awkward because it is a small arcade with only about 8-10 games if i could remember . what do you expect ? it 's only been open for a month or 2 . there is a free game when you check in and in some games , if you beat a certain level , they also give you a free game . although there are only about 8-10 games , they 're really awesome ones imported straight from japan ! you can not find these games anywhere else in vegas ! most of the games are in japanese but that 's not a problem since the owners are kind enough to thoroughly explain the instructions for each game . i will definitely come here again to support these local owners . i ca n't wait to see what other new games they are going to import .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best arcade i 've ever been to ! ! ! they have imported the cutest japanese video games like street fighter , japanese console games , and more ! they also share a space with a trading card company . the place is very roomy , with a nice selection of games ! i ca n't wait until they expand into a full blown super arcade ! i absolutely love their ufo catchers and ddr machine ! such a great time , and such great vibes : ) this is definitely going to be a regular spot of mine !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice environment ! since they just opened , there are limited amount of games but i am sure that will change . the games are all charged at a fair price , that is affordable . they 'd definitely have some games that i have never seen before . environment is smoke friendly and is very clean ! definitely will come back some time soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yet another place in vegas by young entrepreneurs trying to bring games to the community . rhythm games and japanese cabinets plus a few consoles for groups to throw down or have a great time . the vibe reminds me of my childhood of learning how to play and just having a blast getting better with people . where competition does n't have any real losers because you enjoyed yourself . sga is in a great spot . restaurants and food and plenty of other places nearby . i 'm definitely coming back here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "man this place is ... soooo ... goood . huehuehue do you get it ? ! in all seriousness this arcade is super unique ! upon first glance they may seem to lack games . but trust me . quality over quantity holds true here . be sure to try the 3 player contest game ! you 'll kill so much time with it ! anddd if you get to the highest level they 'll give everyone a free game ! : ) other games i recommend : maimai ( hand ddr ish ) and project diva ( beat based game , also hand ddrish style ) do n't be intimidated if you do n't understand the games ! the employees are super friendly and patient . they always give a good run through if you do n't understand the game : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yessss more rhythm games in las vegas ! this japanese themed arcade is a hit . it 's really small , but the games they have can be played with for a long time . i 've been here twice so far and had fun both times . of course , i will come back with more buddies . limited games , but great selection . jubeat , multiplayer pacman , and the classic ( and possibly obligatory ) ddr machine are a few games to name ! its obvious that they 've been open for only a short time , so i hope to see more success from them . honestly tho , a taiko drum machine is all they need there for me to come often ! congrats and good luck to so good arcade : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for an arcade with very unique and hard to find games , you do n't need to look any further . i love blazblue and project diva and they have both along with other very exclusive games normally only found in japan . the staff are very kind and the prices are very reasonable . this is a very good place to just chill out and have a good time . 10 10", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great arcade with a great selection of games . music games , fighting games , party games , even a wiiu . i spent a good couple of hours here my first time and will definitely be returning in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally , i have time to review this place ! i 'm absolutely in love with this arcade . its really small and does n't have many games but their service makes up for all of that . the staff is always extremely nice and helpful . my two favorite games have to be the mai mai and jubeat because i have n't seen these out here . but their games are primarily rhythm games . bishi bashi is really fun ! not gon na lie tho you got ta have quick reflexes which i lack . they do have two ufo crane machines . and did i mention i 'm obsessed with crane machines ! ? i like how they changed up the traditional kinds of play aside from the typical 3 claw machines as well as just trying to push the plush off . there is a game rental for wii u i believe . i have n't done the game rental so i 'm not exactly sure how it works . btw i got a pikachu ! yes ! but just come !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are into music games rhythm games , check this out . maimai is fun , jubeat cooious and ddr 2014 are both on e-amuse , and the proprietors are super friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first , some positivity : bishi bashi is very cute , captivating , and fun both alone and with others . it 's a quirky japanese game with several wacky stages ; you simply hit 3-4 buttons at the appropriate times . the others in my group enjoyed the multiplayer pacman . i 'm worried for the owners of this business because i just ca n't see how this place will last in it 's current state . the employee stays in a closed room the whole time , so you kind of feel like you 're encroaching upon someone 's personal arcade . the decor is sparse with tiring fluorescent lighting . and the smell ... you know that warm body-played-ddr-too-long scent ? eh ... i could see this working if someone opened an adjoining cafe . maybe .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "awesome games . had a lot of fun . definitely going back . fun japanese rhythm games and very hospitable staff . the guy that helped us said they will be updating some of the games versions soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what this place lacks in size it gains in service ! checkin gets you a free play on any game , and system rentals are only 2 $ an hour . the owners are always extremely nice as well and very generous . come here to play wii land with a group of buddies , and you 'll be sure to get the best of your money 's worth . maybe even make a few enemies out of them when you leave..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when we first visited it seemed like an arcade mecca ! very japanese-style and very unique for las vegas . machines looked very new , albeit the place seeming rather small , it made up for it with character and friendly employees . these days , it should be called so good card shop as the branding has totally changed and the arcade is clearly the second priority of this place . machines are now stuffed in the back of the place . the place also seems to be open web it wants to be . worth checking out if you can catch it open !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here for my birthday ! it 's a fun place and the staff was nice and explained the game to me and my boyfriend . although it can get a bit pricey lol . my boyfriend won me the alpaca in the ufo catcher !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time been there , wish they had more arcade to play with . staff was nice , i was told it 's more like a comic collectible store with some arcade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly service here , if you need your clothes for a certain time they will get them done for you . my clothes always come back clean , unlike a location i went to on yonge street and did n't realize it until the night of the event so i had to go in a dirty dress ! if you are looking for a fast , nice , and friendly service for your dry cleaning needs , come here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "still great , just updating that they take debit and cash now . still no credit cards .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best dry cleaners i 've ever used hands down . my dad has been going here for years , and highly recommended them . excellent service and the price is right . will never take my dry cleaning anywhere else . ( loblaws on st clair charged me 3x 's the price to dry clean the same sweater ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got tricked . quoted $ 45 over the phone , asked 5 times to confirm the price ( sounded too good to be true ) and had them come out to do the work . 2 min upon arrival , door was opened and was given the bill of $ 90 . classic bait and switch . buyer beware !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used 24-7 locksmith and mentioned the internet ad hoping to receive my discount . not only did i not receive the discount , but i have been lied to all 7 times i have called trying to resolve this issue . this business uses the bate and switch . i feel cheated .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when called they said 60.00 . they did n't ask if keys were in ignition or tell us about the 15.00 travel fee ! sooooo , since the keys were in the ignition and along with the travel fee it was a total of 85.00 ! ! which i would have never had them come out and would have called someone else much cheaper . i feel ripped off , taken advantage of ! even 60.00 is alot but , it was the first place called and we were stranded outside of the social security office after waiting in line twice for hours i just wanted to get home . yes , ultimately my own fault for locking keys in car .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give this place a no star , i definitely would . do not call them . it took them literally 3 minutes to unlock my door but it took them 20 to get a price . i ended up paying $ 180 . it 's a scam and if your insurance covers it , then just go ahead and call them for roadside assistance ! do n't end up paying $ 180 like i did . they also lied about accepting all sorts of payments . the guy told me to `` go to the atm and get cash . '' save all the hassle and just seriously call someone who is worth the service !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not use this service ! ! ! i repeat do not use this service ! ! ! i was lied to and grossly overcharged . i have tried to call and rectify this issue but no one will take my calls ! ! ! these people are rip off artists . i was told that i needed a 27 pin tumbler put in to secure my premises and that is just a lie i found out . the tumbler only held 5 pins and the guy that showed up from this service only put in 2 on the front door and 3 on the back . charged me $ 330.00 for shoddy at best work . if i could give them -5 stars i would . scam ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "why oh why did i not read the reviews before calling ? same story here , got scammed . i was quoted $ 15 service call plus labor , which should not exceed $ 29 to pick the lock at my house . they arrived promptly , got me in under 3 minutes , and charged me $ 175 . they refuse to honor their pricing and now will not answer my calls . bbb complaint filed , and i 'm going to continue to pursue my stolen money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lying scammers , beware ! ! ! ! ! ! just paid $ 175 for this idiot to open my door in less than 3 minutes when i was quoted $ 35 on the phone . then they take 45 minutes to get to you when they tell you 20 mins over the phone . do not use these people .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not do business with this company . they are scammers and are not professional . people need to be forewarned about this company . in their website you will noticed that they do n't have information as to their companies address etc . this company is probably not a legitimate business . i checked on the state of nevada website and this company is not listed . should n't they have a bond or license number on their webpage ? their bbb rating is f. so please do not make the mistake that i made . i will give this company a negative 10 star rating .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i tried to search these guys before using them on yelp as their website reads nonstoplockand key.com it 's a complete bait and switch saying its a $ 15 call out fee and then $ 35 for the work they use a different name for yelp and their receipts which is 24-7 lock smith . they pop up as a google ad pay per click , when i called i asked a few times making sure it was the correct price i had a bad feeling from start as it was hard to get a straight answer . i refused to pay the whole amount and sent them on their way i 'm interested in how many times a day the lock technician must have to go through this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "total rip off avoid at all cost ! told me it would be $ 19 service call and $ 25 for service . not licensed or bonded said 19 plus $ 125 . told him to kick rocks . scammers ! ! ! ! called me a mother -fkr on the way out ... call pop a lock instead", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lousy . do not use this service . got tricked with the $ 15 ad and paid $ 75 for the same service i was quoted $ 45 for . disgusting .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not use ! ! ! awful . showed up 3 hours late . looked high . he more than tripled the price reflected online . ended up charging me over $ 370 for rekeying my existing locks . he was so bad that he could't do all locks on the same key . after he was done he refused to clean up the mess he made on the floor . he illegally texted my cc # to his office to `` charge '' my card . i immediately canceled my card as soon as he left . i feel that i need to rekey my house again because he likely kept a key to the front door .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would rate this place lower if i could ! i got ripped off . what sucks about my situation was that i locked my phone , keys and wallet in my car and did not have the luxury of looking up a yelp review which is always a must in my book . i paid $ 255 with a promise that he would send me a code via text and i would be able to get $ 190 back from my insurance company ... low and behold..2 weeks later still no text . they also wo n't pick up their phone . i am reporting them to bbb and plan on calling them out to a service call to get my money back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not use ! horrible horrible horrible ! took forever to show up and the locksmith called multiple times within minutes apart to see if i would still be at my location because he did n't want to drive that far if i was n't ( yea he actually said that ) hey moron if i locked myself out i 'm pretty that means i do n't have keys to take myself anywhere ! ! ! once he showed up the price was waaaaaaaaay more than what i was told . was thinking about filing a complaint with the bbb but they already have an f rating so what 's the point ? ! ? !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "literally the worst ! very sketchy ! they quote you random prices and when they arrive it 's something totally different . the technician was very rude and arguing with me . awful !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "oh , if only i had had time to read reviews . this guy charged more than i was told over the phone , could n't manage to get the door open , ended up cutting the doorknob off with a bolt cutter and leaving it . horrible experience all together . no company vehicle , just a car , surly ... all i can say is terrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't call , tried to charge us 370 for a simple lockout . this guy must have been high as a kite , we talked him down to 150 , never call this guy , seriously . guys name was thor .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so ya this place just scammed me ! i should of used pop a lock like i always do . this was a very simple i locked my keys in my bedroom , first they quoted me $ 60.00 ... 1 . sign something was off guy did n't show up in a company car some beat up car he said the company car was in the shop . 2 then the price went from $ 60.00 to $ 85.00 to if i payed cash $ 70.00 then after this amateur spent almost 2 hours ! yes i 'll say it again 2 hours trying to unlock my door he finally drilled it to shredz and i ended up paying $ 80.00 im the idiot here stay away from this crap place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "would never call this guy again ... scam artist ... got this guy from locksmith-pros.net lesson learned ... .bullshit ... ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not use them ! ! ! total scam ! ! they would not give me any estimate of price over the phone . the guy shows up an hour later in an unmarked car and quotes me at $ 350 to rekey 5 locks . he says if i do n't have cash he can take me to the atm . i told him no way would i pay that and he then said i would have to pay $ 55 for him coming out . i refused . he called his boss who started arguing with me and i threatened to call the police . the place i ended up using charged $ 125 and said those people are scam artists and to be careful !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service call $ 35 ; rework two car keys ( not turning in cylinder ) plus create one unprogrammed one - total cost $ 200 plus another $ 89 to program it . the company does not even have their address on their business card . just skip it and find a more reputable establishment . i wish i would have looked on here first .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first of all . i believe this is the company but they have a worker in my area of n las vegas . the phone person seemed friendly and professional but the guy who came to unlock our car was rude and was scamming us . we were quoted roughly $ 80 , so we had that but upon arriving the guy got irate and said it was going to cost close to $ 300 . it would be cheaper to break a window of your car to get in than deal with shady unprofessional , professional hustlers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "would leave zero stars if possible . ben first quoted $ 19 , that jumped to $ 100 , then $ 165 , and was handed a receipt for $ 265 ! and this was only to drill the lock , not even to add a new . he also messed up my door frame . lastly , he tried to charge $ 100 for a new lock . do not use this company . i now have to buy and new lock and frame and was still ridiculously tricked and over charged .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ill make real short & simple ... . the customer service was super terrible & unprofessional they need a lot of training & some anger management ... i spoke to two person with two different price for a duplicate key for my car ... the second guy gave me a price that is more than the dealership charge so i said no but thank you ... but when im about to hang up i heard him say the f word & i was shock because i was being nice to him and just because i didnt want the deal he was trying to give me he flip out ... very unprofessional ... no wonder they only have 1 star ... i wanted to put 0 but no option ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst experience ever with this company . avoid at all cost . long story short : went to arriving in 30 min to no show 5 hrs later . wasted whole day and when i called dispatch second time , they hung up on me . i was being professional and patient . they were ruse and very unprofessional . if there was a negative star rating these guys would be the poster child .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "please be careful ! ! ! locked myself out of my bedroom and writes a 65 estimate tells me how hard it 's going to be ! after he hits a key with a tiny hammer i look at the invoice and magically it 's now 204 dollars . he starts yelling so i tell him nope not paying that much . he calls his boss which yells at me some more . so i told him to please stfu and allow me to speak . priceless reaction .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this owner knew he had me over a barrel . my family member accidentally locked himself out of the house while i was on a trip with my husband . i knew for a fact my doorknob lock could be picked because another locksmith picked it before when i locked myself out a year prior . i knew i was screwed as he charged me $ 200 to completely thrash my doorknob . this was a bitter pill to swallow . took total advantage of my family and i 'll show you pictures of how he left my doorknob . thanks for the nice gift you left for me when i got home , you robbed me and then some .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service i received was not in person , but done over the phone from my second home in southern california on the 3rd of july . josie , of the warm springs office , which i had visited on several occasions in the past for maps & tour books , answered the phone and took care of my new aaa nevada membership & transfer add on of our california covered vehicle to our existing nevada policy . both of these transactions requests were handled flawlessly ! my membership was completed and i recieved via email my temporary aaa id cards before finishing my call with josie . she needed to get back to me on my insurance request , and did so within the hour ! i 've been an auto club member in southern california for 38 years , she could not have provided any better service to me over the phone ! looking forward to our multi-car discount ! thanks again josie , looking forward to meeting you in henderson one of these days ! mark", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had car issues a week ago and it was the last thing i needed in the last few weeks before my wedding . the dealership was a horrible experience and everything was going wrong . however every single aaa associate we came in contact with was so polite , enaged in conversation and made us feel like we were getting the help we needed . it may have only been towing the car but it was made so much less stressful by these wonderful employees .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came in to get a roadside assistance package for the just in case in life . someone greeted us immediately and got a sales person to help us quickly . marcus was very informative and helpful in choosing the package that was most helpful and beneficial to our life . we were in and out quickly and no one tried to hassle and upswell us even though we got the biggest package they offered because it was the best offer they had anyways . i would recommend everyone have triple aaa because it really comes in handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called ahead to see if they offer notary services , the lady on the telephone said someone will call back when they find out , what ? so i was in the area awhile later and popped in on purpose . they had the nerve to say they called me back which was a lie but whatever i 'm here now let 's get this over with . the lady helping me was moody , rushing me as if we were bothering her . did n't even say thank you , told me to go over their pointing to another desk to pay . rude !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this has been my one stop vape shop for over a year . the employees are equipped with extensive vape knowledge and are very helpful . fair prices and always have what i want .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "charlotte vapes is an awesome choice and i go out of my way to come here as i live nowhere nearby . they have a huge selection of premium juices and you are able to try before you buy . they offer great value starter packs as well . the staff is extremely knowledgeable . they do not offer the low quality liquids that some other shops do . while the brands are a little more expensive they are so worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been buying vape supplies here for years . cj is such a great employee and has always greeted me by name and been very attentive to my wants and needs . there are several other very kind employees here . the manager is the only person i would speak unkindly about . he always very rude and has never once greeted me after meeting him on multiple occasions . i would not go back if i did not enjoy cj and the other employees of his .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "charlotte vapes in amazing . extremely attentive and knowledgeable staff members , great juice selections , and an overall professional and courteous buying experience . i go here all the time for my liquids , their lines of juice just keep growing ! everyone remembers me when i walk in and immediately proceeds to tell me which new juices fit my taste , even when arrived in my second time in 2 months . mad vapes is rude as you know what , other stores only sell crap ( i 'm looking at you fire house vapes ) . awesome store , lovely staff , great lineup of juices and hardware .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent shop , very helpful and the prices on their house juice is very reasonable . if some turd wants a tobacco flavor he should pick back up the marlboros .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really gone downhill recently . old staff was very knowledgeable . every time i go in now , there is a new face that does n't seem to know much about product . and , it looks like some of their new flavors are rip-offs of the competition .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "quick response . great service . actually replaced a broken rv door window . custom cut . cane out great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very helpful , had my vehicle broken into sunday morning , we were able to get a hold of luis , who was out first thing monday morning , he offered two different brands of glass . total time of repair was about 30 minutes but he vacuumed all glass up and replaced and repaired the window . i would definitely recommend to friends or those in need of great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called up star auto glass for the same reason that most people do ; yep , i , too was the victim of a car burglary . i would 've loved to catch these leeches in the act ; but , i did n't , so i needed to replace my window . i got quotes from 5 different places and these guys were by far the lowest bid , and they had great reviews so i decided to go with them . i called them up and they were able to get a technician out to my place within an hour ! they began working promptly and they were completely done within 45 minutes ! hopefully i wo n't need their service again under the same circumstance , but should lightening strike twice i 'll definitely be giving them a call !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this auto company did a outstanding job in replacing my windshield on my 2000 corvette . they were on time to do the job as promised . i highly recommend this company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was skeptical of trying this restaurant at first but i 'm glad i did . their mushkaki chicken is to die for . their burgers are perfect . i also tried their chicken steak but did n't like it as much as the mushkaki chicken . the price is amazing for the delicious food and portions are huge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm surprised this is n't as popular as it should be . although i 've only been here twice , everything i 've tried is stellar . so far my husband and i have tasted the beef strips , the mushkaki beef burger and the mushkaki chicken and they were all cooked really well . the portion sizes are huge for what you pay so we came back feeling stuffed both times and only spent around $ 16 total ! they also have complementary soup free of charge and it 's always something different , but always hearty . we also tried their chocolate milkshake and it is amazing . both times though there was always someone walking in to order a vanilla shake , so i know what i 'm trying next time we 're here - including the quesedillas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quality and meal size have remained consistently great . staff is very nice . a note to have patience when sitting down . the table may not be bussed immediately", "score": "5"}
{"review": "any burger topped with egg seems to catch my attention any given hungry moment and mushkaki was the nearest place yelp was directing me to , based on ratings , pics and my current appetite 's cravings . arrived to a bit of a lineup although quickly geared to high speed as i caught view of the busy kitchen behind the counters working their magic . that magic was put into their mushkaki fries . now the burgers were good but not great , $ 5 price tag for a legit juicy burger suffices the purpose of a proper burger joint . mushkaki fries came at a price tag of $ 9.99 and the fries portion was n't as generous as expected with the value . thank god the unique sweet , tangy and cajuny sauce and chicken pieces drowned any possibility of disappointment . not enough for 2 people to enjoy . seems like a full meal but not quite filling . all in all , would only return if i was in the area . maybe place 2 orders of mushkaki fries next time for sure .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it took 35 mins just to get a strawberry shake it takes too long horrible customer service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "saw good reviews , thought i 'd try it . bad , bad mistake ! very slow , indifferent service , it appeared they could care less whether you were in their place or not . average quality food , but priced like a bistro , just plain over-priced for what you get . then i tried the food . over-cooked burger , burnt outside and dry inside , and my date got undercooked chicken . i finished eating ( half was all i could stomach ) , before they returned with anew plate , and it was undercooked again ( pink inside beside the bones ) . we left , they offered no refund , and again appeared they could care less about our experience at their establishment . unfortunately you have to give at least one star on yelp . they did n't deserve it . avoid at all costs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good service and food is delicious . been there many times they are so hospitable . the beef is the best", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered the mushkaki fries . pretty damn good , those sauces really bring the dish to life . 10 min wait in case you are in a rush like i was . staff was decent enough , nothing extraordinary there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is very amazing . i had the rice and chicken steak and the chicken suqar and rice . both dishes were made with excellent taste and i and a blast eating them . i would recommend this place to my friends any day of the week . great customer service and great ambience . also the mango shake was pretty good with the ice cream topping and i also like the strawberry shake as well . if anybody lives in the rex dale area , stop by this place and order something off their menu , i guarantee you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like it a lot but i try to always make it there before 2pm to catch the lunch special . you get a good amount of tasty food for an excellent price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't believe the hype ... it 's a solid 6 out of 10 service was a bit slow . the food lacked flavour and was not very fresh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the quality of the restaurant has started to go down.. i work close by , so i used to go there often for lunch with coworkers..the fries have started to become bad , uncooked ( same from a few times ) . i have had chicken sandwich which is on a lunch deal , a pretty good deal , sandwich + fries + pop . the owner is a nice guy with not so help in the kitchen . hope this place gets better and we start going there again..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was expecting better results from the reviews.. honestly.. i 'd give it 3 stars personally.. the only reason for the 4 stars is because of the mango shake ! it 's sooooo good ! and the beef makshaki or whatever burger it 's called.. is pretty decent , i 'd order it again.. now i got the makshaki fries and i did not enjoy it.. if you like bbq sauce then you will be in heaven.. i only like bbq sauce on bbq 'd food.. the fries and chicken were drenched in bbq sauce.. that 's discusting to me.. it was a little much.. but i 'm about to get zoned in approximately 10 minutes.. so i guess my left overs will taste amazing then , hehe . the end . lololol but i recommend for the burgers definitely and i will get plain fries next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is an east african restaurant worth trying . mush khaki fries are to die for . really good serving sizes , you will definitely need a take home bag . chicken kati kati is really good too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's located next to a gas station , noticed it while pumping gas . i had the mushkaki fries , which are sweet with pieces of fried chicken being semi hot . i also had the mushkaki burger which i did n't fancy to much because it comes with a fried egg on the beef patty . the owner is hard working and makes most of the menu from scratch . however it is a somalian restaurant in which the menu is inspired from . another note the washrooms are bad and are located in the basement of the unit . if your in the area of kipling and rexdale , get the fries .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i drive out here every few weeks for their mushkaki fries , which are the best fries i have ever tasted ( close to being as good as the best poutine i had in quebec ) . trust me you have to try the mushkaki fries if you are in the neighbourhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there to celebrate my sister 's birthday with a few friends ... the food options are different for the usual halal places and the prices are amazing ! very cheap and tasty meals ... however i am not sure if i over-ate or something was wrong with my specific order ( steaks ) but i threw up as soon as i got home ... however everyone else was fine ... so maybe just my meal was not fresh . will go back again to find out if throw up again or not .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "let 's just say mushkaki fries . typed in burgers in the rexdale area and mushkaki popped up i 've seen it beside the double double joint but never knew the name . finally decided to check it out , because my girlfriend and i were craving some burgers . nice small space , great friendly staff , and an easy to read menu . it 's somalian inspired which they have different types of dishes , which i wanted to try but my goal was a burger that day . got 2 mushkaki burgers which were okay nothing special but an okay burger . but the mushkaki fries tho ! ! ! ! ! the fries were smothered in a sauce and bits of fried chicken chucks which had me going crazy over these fries . not going to lie i had to put these fries really up there on my list . definitely would go back just for the fries . and i honestly ca n't wait ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything on the menu tastes different and unique ! i especially love the spicy chicken and alfredo . the wraps are huge and tasteful . great value for your money ! would love to try the desserts next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what is there not to love about mushkaki ? it 's a hole in the wall with good food at a very reasonable price . this joint is run by a family and their food is somali fusion . t-bone steak ( $ 11ish ) - very decent , properly cooked and seasoned mushkaki burger ( $ 5 ) - made from real ground beef with an egg on top . not the best burger ever but it 's pretty tasty , also pretty filling for a $ 5 burger . spicy chicken ( $ 11 with side and rice ) - really goood , tastes as delicious as it looks . the rice is also cooked perfectly ( dried long rice ) . chicken kata kat ( $ 9 ) - meh , while it was tasty , it had too much bread and not enough meat . mushkaki fries ( $ 9 ) - mind blowing , best thing on their menu ! cheese curds with their sauce and generous amount of chicken . best option for a good meal at a very reasonable price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was highly rated , but honestly its nothing really to special . nothing more then a regular burger . no real distinctive favour to make it memorable . it wasnt a bad burger but it was n't great . it 's a bit more pricy for a simple burger . probably not going head back for the reason it is out of my way and it 's nothing special .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the service is pretty poor , and the hamburger patties in my double beef burger were literally the driest , most overcooked pieces of meat i 've ever had . i was very disappointed based on all of the great reviews . maybe this was a one off occurrence , but as i 'm only visiting toronto , i would have an opportunity to give them another chance , nor would i really want to .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here to verify what yelpers are saying about this place . we tried the beef burgers and they were actually tasty but on the dry side . tasted the charbroiled grill taste of the meat . fries were also good . we got free soups for that day we went . place was small but there was enough seats to dine in . saw a few people order the pasta dishes , maybe we would try some on our next visit : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "$ 12 for combo and burger patty was overcooked tasted like it 's was n't even beef , fries was undercooked no wonder this place is dead wendy 's have better burgers", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've used valley interiors several times over the last four years for a number of projects with very good results . recently they made some custom cushions for a unique elkhorn chair - very successful and at a very fair price -- and recovered dining chairs for my neighbor with excellent results . overall , i 've been very satisfied and have really enjoyed working with their management and associates .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we really liked the work that valley interiors had done for us . we had two counter chairs reupholstered . they did a great job on the chairs in a short amount of time . valley interiors created two swags for two windows in our home . the first one came out perfect but the second one did not . lynn immediately corrected the problem . lynn is so creative . the window treatment turned out better than what we expected ! lynn greene is the best interior designer we have encountered . we will go back to valley interiors again for more furniture reupholstery and window treatments in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've used valley interiors design center back in 2004 , when we were building our new home . they installed carpet in five bedrooms and wood flooring in our kitchen and living room . we could not have been happier with their services ! this year they patched up a leather love seat that had the seams separating and you can not even tell it had been repaired ! now we are wanting to replace the carpet for some new wood floors ! i think it says a lot to keep using the same company over so many years ! it 's nice to know that they are still in business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've used valley interiors several times this past year . our designer lyn was excellent , she helped me choose colors for the walls and drapery to accent the room . she also helped re-arrange furniture so that the room looked bigger and more appealing . i would use valley interior again with the designer lyn . the little problems we had were fixed immediately . our rooms were a family room , guest bedroom and master bedroom . i say go with valley interiors and ask for lyn to help with your decorating.needs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was the first winery we visited on a two week vacation across eastern ontario . not only is the wine excellent but the staff were extremely polite , very friendly and made our tasting very interesting , actually , it made the tasting not boring , i know nothing about wine except that it 's red or white and yummy all over . this wine was definitely yummy all over . they were genuinely interested in where we were from , where we thought we might drink the wine , and gave us information to provide feedback so that they could better the wine after we had drank our bottle . i would definitely advise you visit them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of our favourite wineries in ontario : when it comes to small vineyards , i doubt it gets any more artisanal than this in notl . in all , i do n't think they produce more than a 1000 cases . at the lcbo , their previous vintage pinot sold out right away during a vintage release . their cab that was released a few months ago , sold out right away as well . they only had a syrah , riesling and pinot when we showed up . loved them all , picked up the riesling and pinot . even our friend who is not a fan of reds , picked up a pinot . the place is essentially a barn , but charming . staff were friendly and helpful . even met the vintners mom ; ) needless to say , we will be returning here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not a fan of white wine but their selection was great ! reds are still very young tasting but i 'm sure they will get better with time . the tastings are free and they have complimentary shaved parmesan and crackers . the place is family run and the mother did our tasting with her son ( owner ) doing another beside us . very intimate . friendly . would totally recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service , outstanding wine and beautiful tasting room . this is as good as it gets in niagara .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here with my husband and he , being from europe , does n't understand the concept of the dive sports bar . i live for dive bars ... our conversation : hubby : if this place was in europe or new york it would be shut down me : that 's why it 's awesome hubby : look at that part of the bar , it 's falling apart me : that 's why it 's good times hubby : everything in that cabinet is very dusty me : that 's some old school sports memorabilia , it 's supposed to be dusty hubby : they do n't have grappa ? ? me : drink some crown royale , you 're in canada now ! me : look at all the rad albums on the ceiling ... hubby : that is good . two thumbs up !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here with some fellow yelpers to have a few brews before going out elsewhere . the place is a little divey but really it 's more just your regular neighbourhood pub . the address threw us all off a bit . the bar entrance is actually located on the side street , not right on front where there is an entrance to offices and such as marked by the address on the building . the bartender was great . she was the only one working but still came out to our table to clear glasses and bring refills . overall no complaints here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good place to watch ufc ( if you 're looking for quiet ) beer is cheap , food is decent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is a dive ! but its real and thats great , love playing pool here and dropping loonies into the jukebox over a few drinks with a few buds . have n't tries the food yet but i 'll review it when i do .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "same experience as the other reviewer . i did not get what i asked for even after several proofs . for example , i asked for a danty abstract blue bird on my cards and they gave me a brown sparrow ! it was frustrating and ultimately i went with flowers instead because i already paid and was stuck with them . : ( the one part of my wedding i was not satisfied with ! way over priced for the quality !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "three little birds is a stationary shop tucked in the south end area of charlotte . there are small trinkets ( i.e . bags , coasters , etc ) , boxed cards and even better : custom-made stationary located in this cozy store ! most customers are brides-to-be but the company also services corporate businesses and the average joe looking for extra special business cards , party invitations or the like . with hundreds of papers , fonts and ribbons , three little birds creations are sure to please the eye and owner kristen stewart aims to please each customer she encounters . i would say go well in advance for custom pieces they can take awhile to get them done but the outcome is great . also , when visiting the store , be sure to check out the sales table that usually has great items up to 50 % off and ask about their candy bars ( think : glass containers filled with jelly beans and chocolate covered pretzels ) a fairly new service they provide .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tlb ( 3 little birds ) was immaculate . they did a wonderful job with all of our designs and quotas ! ! even in the 11th hour when we noticed an error they made it right with no hassle ! ! we highly recommend this business they work as a team are extremely professional and customer service was exemplary . yay to tlb ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the customer service was amazing with tlb ! the staff worked with me to create my wedding invitations as well as our hotel welcome bags . any problems that came up with my order was addressed and corrected by the entire staff . i would highly recommend using them for stationary needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible place ! gordon was the manager there assured me my vehicle would be repaired completely and in a timely manner , ha ! ! ! ! i got my car back a day and a half later , the mechanic forgot to put a bolt back on and ended up costing me $ 1,200 in new repairs ! when i confronted the manager he dismissed the problem and basically hid from me . i recently found out he got fired for some shady stuff . maybe they should fire everyone there and start fresh .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they might know tires , but they do n't know how to troubleshoot problems with my vw . they said i needed an idle control valve , but there 's one problem ; my car does n't use one ( it controls the idle by the ecu ) . they then wanted to replace the entire throttle body . my problem was solved by doing an ecu reset .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not sure about the bad reviews but this place is amazing ! i just got back from a week away and my right rear tire was down . i managed to get some air in it but noticed the valves were perished and leaking air ( must be the vegas heat ) so limped to big o and asked the guy to replace them while i took breakfast across the street . i 've never been to this place before but it just happened to be the closest tire place to me for the repair . i finished breakfast and picked up the car . not only did he not charge me a dime but he replaced the the other valve stems that we perished too ! no charge , nada , nothing ? ! yes the guy in the shop did the job for free ... so in the future i 'll be coming here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in with a coupon for an oil change . i was told they were out of conventional oil . i suspect they say that to anyone with a coupon . i felt cheated . i went next door to jiffy lube and had a great experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband took my car in to big o last year to get tires and brakes . when my back brakes started grinding he wanted to take if back to big o as he liked the service we 'd received last time . we went in the sunday before christmas at exactly 9:00 am . i still had errands to run and the clock was ticking . we walked in and had to wait 15 minutes as the clerk made coffee , threw out the garbage and counted his bank . we were just about to walk out when he decided he was ready to help us . i 'm pretty sure the coffee and garbage could have waited since we were the only people there . we were definitely underwhelmed thus time by the service and wont bday returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really unbelievable . has to be fraud ... could not be honest mistake . had a noise under my car 's front end . big o diagnosed i needed new struts , new control arms , brake pads and rotors ( only 10 % life left ) , alignment , new tires ... total cost almost $ 3,000 . went to my usual shop and he looked at my car . he diagnosed i needed the control arms , alignment , and tires . he could not believe anyone told me the struts or brakes were bad ( 60 % life left ) . he wanted $ 1,100 for total repairs . not only did he not lie to inflate my repair items , but his prices for parts and labor were only 2 3 for same items ! ! suggest you stay away from this place unless you just like being taken advantage of . yuuk ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a bunch of incompetent crew . i called to make an appointment 4 days prior to getting the oil change . however , the guy on the phone told me to `` just walk in . '' so i did , and of course they told me that it would be 2 hours wait . what a stupid a $ $ . i 've decided to contact the other location and they took the appointment right away . i will never go back to this location on 10127 w charleston . and if you do n't have to , i would suggest you go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible customer service . rude and unwilling to help me . had a simple repair that needed to be done in one of my tires and they refused to help me and instead told me that i have to get a whole new set of tires . give me a break . how dumb do you think i am ? went somewhere else that was happy to repair it . do not go here - especially if you 're female as they will treat you like you 're a moron and do not know any better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i dropped my car off with a flat . they said 10-20 minutes . i said please call me when it 's done i need to go to work ... three hours later no phone call . i go to the location to find my car up on the lift . they said you need new tires ... ok i get new tires . wash my car a couple days later and find my custom chrome valve caps are missing ( they put plastic caps on two tires and left two tires without caps ) . so i had to go back to the location only to have the manager tell me they do n't have them in the shop , and would have to order them ( no valve caps in a tire shop ? ! ) . so now i have to make yet another trip back to the location . i will not be going back to this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had a blown out tire and needed a certain tire size in a certain amount of a few hours to get to work . told them and just in a few minutes of a phone call and bam everything was done like nothing ! quick service very friendly and so super helpful . thank you guys ! forsure gon na come back and get other work done", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the big o people at this store really do know tires . they have always treated me well . above all , they have been honest about how much time a tire job would take . i really appreciate knowing it will be 2 hours and not being told 1 2 hour only to wait and wait . the two hour tire repair was the case today as they were very busy . knowing this , i left the tire with them and came back later to have it remounted and the spare returned to where it belongs . i ca n't say but good about this outlet . they are very good at what they do !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is horrible ! i called to make an appointment to have my alignment done . my appointment was at 11 am . my son and i dropped the car off at 1055 and walks over to subway and returned at 1150 and my car was still in the parking lot . i asked the guy if i needed to go somewhere else that i would . i told him i called and made an appointment for a reason . if they were running behind he should had said something when i arrived . there was another car on the alignment rack and they pulled it off to put mine on . i just hope it get done right . iv been here before and i hated every single minute of it . it 's near my home and so i try to give them another chance ! i 'm done . do n't come here . they are liars and you will wait for ever !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "courteous & speedy service ! went in for an oil change and the entire process was a breeze . charles & his team took great care of my car and had it all ready to go ( along with a courtesy call ) sooner than expected . will definitely be coming back here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you jeremy and the team for convenience and accurate service . i have new tires and you fulfilled my order and requests . i appreciate the effort , your skill and patience in my investment and the time i spend keeping my family safe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got more of the same from the less than impressed reviews ... guy said they are 'out of standard oil ' . i 'm sure they were n't . anyway , got the mid grade oil change because of a big road trip . cashier told me that we had a cracked ac belt even though i knew the car had no such belt . staff seemed very inexperienced and never gave me a follow up quote on after work or gave us a reminder sticker . long and short is our business will be going elsewhere in the future if nothing else based on a poor attention to detail . also , i knew my car was done 20 minutes before they bothered to tell me . i had the time to kill and wanted to see if my expedited service was more important than the cashiers personal conversations ... it apparently was n't", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have a 1967 chevelle ss so finding a mechanic who understands classic muscle cars , let alone knows how to work on them , is rare . well at the big o tires in the 10000 block of west charleston , there is such a mechanic . i took the chevelle in for an alignment and steering problem , and `` moe '' was assiggned to do the work . within 15 minutes , he had found the problem and had it fixed . since this work was done under a warranty , which by the way is worth every penny when you get your front end aligned , moes work did not cost me a dime . i tried to tip enough to by him lunch but the business said tips were not permitted but a review on yelp would be appreciated . so here it is , these guys are honest and do great work and not just tires , they do all kinds of mechanic work . thanks moe for taking care of my baby .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought my tires from another big o and already mistake one , thinking another big o would be different mistake two . all i needed was a rotation and balance so i called in the morning and they said really busy come in around 2 to 230 so i showed up at 230 thinking i 'll give them some time . been here 2 1 2 hours now for a quick job . would have just came back another day but it was like there pulling it in now . make an appointment which i thought i did but i guess when you judy told to come in at that time it does n't matter .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i asked the front desk person if they could check a slow leak in a rear tire . he said that he was really backed up for 3 hours . i asked if i could come back ? he said yes , but we do n't take appointments . ( which i was n't asking simply put me on your schedule ) while speaking with him he spit out a huge wad of chewing tobacco and said that there are no other tire repair places within 5 miles . i told him thank you and checked siri for other locations . midis was in the same parking lot , took me immediately and fixed the problem . do you think there might be a bit of an honesty and professional problem with this business ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this location makes appointments and does not honor them . if you make an appointment there expect to wait with all the others walking in the door without one . also prepare for the big up-sale on products and services .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "prices higher than other big o tires for service . they did n't top off fluids ... .lazy ! and overall customer service was substandard", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent service , mike and john were incredibly helpful . we only take our vehicles to them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , very fast and efficient . friendly and reasonably priced . great experience , charlie made me feel welcome and i 'll return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike and his crew is awesome ! ! ! ! they are friendly and always know what they are doing . they get all our services done fast . no complaints here ! ! ! ! we bring our car here every time for everything ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i take our cars here whenever service is needed and every time , we are well taken care of . the entire staff , especially , mike , john , and javier , are friendly , knowledgeable and helpful . i just brought my car in for a lot of repairs and they were beyond reasonable with the costs . we would not trust anyone else with our cars and would definitely recommend this shop to anyone in need of repairs or service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in for a flat tire - giant screw in the tire . i was in and out in 20 minutes and no charge ! that is the type of service i appreciate . i will return and bring my other vehicles too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been coming here & this specific location for all my tire needs & alignment . $ 20 off $ 39.99+ purchase , offered online or on yelp . always provides excellent service . it may be best to make an appointment for your services . they can get pretty busy at the end of the day . everyone provides excellent service , they will definitely take care of you here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've always had great service here . fast and friendly and able to meet or beat quotes from other shops . tires are rotated for free , whether or not you 've paid for a service that day . feels like a local shop , even though it 's a big name store . i come here for oil changes , tire service , and i 've even had a window switch replaced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called in the morning and `` andrew '' answered . i asked him how much a repair for a nail in a tire would be ... he said nothing just come on in ! i stopped in later that day and they fixed my tire , rotated my tires , and had me in and out quickly . i have n't had engine services there but for tires-this is my store !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow i read some of the lousy reviews , i do n't get it . i been coming here for 4 years . put 4 new tires on my mustang in 2012 , great job . went in 2 2 2017 for multiple engine issues . they did thorough check and sat down with me with estimate . i asked what was necessary and knocked about a third off my bill . did n't charge for oil change , and other stuff b c included in scheduled work . very reasonable , had my vehicle for 4 hours with a shopping list to things to repair and replace . vehicle , 1999 durango , now it runs like a dream . really ! i may keep it for a few more years thanks to big o tires . big shout out to jason , service rep. sharp , polite , respectful and honest . did n't try to sell me anything but advised safety first . looked under the hood with the mechanic ( nice guy ) and he explained what was needed . give them a try you may find a gem in the desert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a nail removed from my tire . service was great . done in 10 minutes . no charge . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here today to replace a valve stem . oscar had it finished before we even had time to park the truck ! awesome service with a smile !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited big o late friday afternoon due to a flat tire . my tire was only a few months old , and it was an inconvenience to an already busy day . i was not happy to have to be there . i was very pleased with the staff , and the service i received . thankfully the tire was repairable , and they had me back on the road in under 40 minutes ! i would definitely recommend big o in summerlin !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very helpful team of guys here that refused to charge me a dime to check a leaking tire and swap it out with an extra one that i had . the shop is very clean as well , and the mechs look sharp and friendly . while i was waiting , i saw at least three separate customers come in with various issues from getting tires topped off or a complete overhaul and i noticed how naturally professional each member was despite being at the end of their day . i 'm already a customer of big o for many years through many cars but will be making a special trip to this particular shop from now on for anything i need . hat 's off !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , excellent prices , and knowledgeable staff . this was my first visit and i 'll be going back to them for all my car needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has got to be the most friendly efficient and stressless environment to ever have your car repaired . i pulled in without an appointment and was immediately greeted by the staff . they took the car in to evaluate an air conditioning problem . i had a previous shop quote me $ 450 to fix the issue . within 10 minutes they diagnosed the problem and it was less than a 20 dollar repair . they did the repair and i was out the door . i highly recommend them for all of your car service needs . i 've been a loyal customer for 10 years and have never had a bad experience", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my second experience with big o tires and i have to say ... i 'm very pleased with it . dumping your hard earned money into fixing your car is a wretched feeling . however , when people help you save money on such expenses ... it 's a marvelous feeling . this store is in a nice neighborhood so i was n't surprised when it was clean and well lit . the guys working there are incredibly friendly and helpful ( wait , is this still a review for a repair shop ? ) . anthony was the one that assisted me throughout the process and i was very pleased with my visit . thank you guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike ( manager ) is the best in taking care of the customers . they actually fix what needs to be done .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my go-to place when i am having car troubles ! pulled in at 7am wednesday morning with a huge screw in my tire and i was out the door in 15 minutes ! super friendly and helpful staff ! thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a nail stuck on my tires . they helped me right away and very fast service . he did n't even charge me for it . the best tire service in the west . excellent", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are many places to get an oil change in las vegas but none provide the service i receive on each visit to big o tires at 10127 west charleston blvd . good coffee , current magazines but most importantly excellent customer service . unlike a lot of oil change locations that will inform you of all the additional parts or service you need most of my friends that also use big o have indicated that when you go for an oil change , you get an oil change . when additional service was required , my friends and i knew it going in . the customer service provided by tim is outstanding . all staff members take the pain out of going for an oil change .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you once again big o tires . this is the only place i trust with all of my tire needs . their services is stellar , professional and quick . charles offers the best deals and he 's so helpful and personable . visit the west charleston location when looking for trustworthy service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i keep getting a leak in one of my tires from a dented rim that stems from a previous run into a massive pot hole . i went into this big o so that i can get some pricing on new rims and nick was extremely helpful and gave me a # of options , including repairing my rims to purchasing new rims . i will be visiting them soon once i decide on what option i would like to take . thanks nick for your honest help !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they 've always been very helpful and upfront with me . and they are always willing to work with me or give a discount here and there if available . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service -- check-in & out , time estimate was accurate , and they did n't try to sell me more than i needed . good price on service and product . thank you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't go here they broke my oil pan & told me it was a gasket ! but after they drained my oil ! my side rail was hanging off , they never topped off the fluid s a total sham went to dealership to be fixed then i got a reply from someone who wanted to talk with me still waiting", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went to this location for four replacement tires for my car . they kept pushing big o brand which i was not interested in as i asked for a national brand . a manager came over and told me how much better big o brand was . i ended up leaving and going to walmart and getting bf goodrich with no hassles . in and out in under an hour .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "shortly after posting my last review on big o tires i received a phone call from the regional district manager of western automotive ( big o tires ) . they contacted me to find out what we could do to resolve this matter . after a short discussion we came to a agreement that would solve this problem . i was very happy with how courteous the district manager was and how swift he was in taking care of this matter . thank you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here in the past to get my oil changed , and they were always fast and friendly . the thing that makes them extraordinary is the lengths they go to keep their customers happy . i needed my tires rotated so i called them to ask about the price , the gentleman on the phone told me to bring the car in and they would do it for free . i brought it in and 20 mins later i left with a free tire rotation . outstanding customer service , i highly recommend this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in to just get some air and pat decided to check on my tire further , found a nail and fixed it . thanks for going above and beyond pat ! much much appreciated !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gave them my business for a complete shocks & strut replacement . not because their price was the best ; because it was n't . i simply took the more convenient time option . wish i had n't ! ! monroe struts and shocks were place on my vehicle which included a $ 60 rebate . all monroe company needed is an invoice with the actual part names included . believe me when i say ; `` these guys could n't even provide something as simple at that ! ! '' the invoice had some generic big o part number on it , as a result i lost out . i hope this big o and particularly this shop enjoyed that $ 500 job because never again will their be another from me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "5 stars for big o i owned several cars over the years and always have gone to big o tires and they have always taken good care of me yesterday i was driving my suv and the low tire pressure light came on the dash , i took it to big o on west charleston and tom the manager took care of everything turns out it was just a nail there is never a wait and all of the staff is super friendly and they always give me the best prices i would recommend the road hazard warranty with all of the construction they are doing in summerlin now thank you big o & thank you tom", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i left work and saw a nail in one of my tires . i immediately drove to this big o location and everyone is great ! they patched my tire for free ! i am so grateful there are still businesses with trustworthy people like kamanu and tony . they were so helpful ! i insisted on giving a gratuity but they refused repeatedly . i offered to buy them lunch and they refused . its also a great location as there are plenty of places to eat while you wait . i wont go anywhere else for all of my tire needs ! thanks again big o ! keep up the great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i used to go to discount tires , but they are closed sunday so i came to this big o tires . the staff was super friendly , i have been in twice and both times i was helped quickly and by very friendly guys . not sure why everyone is so cranky . i got two new tires for my '98 ford ranger . they were done in 20 minutes . great experience , not sure why ratings are so low .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "needed to have my tire repaired after i discovered a nail was in it . big o is right in the neighborhood so it was my first choice . not only was the staff super friendly and helpful , they fixed my tire free of charge ! i waited less than 10 minutes and was on my merry way ! i will definitely keep this store in mind for future tire needs . thank you big o !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , it 's obvious from the reviews of this tire shop there 's a lot of subjectivity related to auto repair ! buyer beware is the best tactic , as always , but my recent experience was positive . the manager was chris , very friendly and helpful , and was able to diagnose my car 's needs on the phone , before he even saw it . they fixed the rotors and brake pads , and replaced the brake fluid . it was $ 400 , and since i have no basis of comparison , while it seemed high , it included a lifetime warranty on the pads , so unless i sell the car , that will make it a fine value . the work was done in a timely way , and my car 's shake as i braked at high speed was fixed . pleasant experience , and the work was done professionally and in a timely manner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a screw in my tire . was at big o at 8:45 on a sunday and was finished by 9:10 . no charge . excellent service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the battery in my truck died so i brought it to big o tires . they swapped batteries in less than 10 minutes of arriving and i was back on the road . fantastic service and cheaper than auto zone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , tires were low and stopped by to quickly get them filled . super friendly staff , richard was very helpful , did not have to wait at all even though they were busy . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they broke my appointment at 5pm . said they did n't have time to take care of me before they closed . great at taking appointments ; bad at keeping them . seems a bit mismanaged to me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrific crew . i had a leak in my valve stem last week . i limped into their shop and was served immediately . we went to get some lunch and came back . the truck was parked and ready to go . they made my day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my husband 's car in for a synthetic blend oil change . i was n't charged an arm and leg ! they had his car in and out in no time . also they were very professional and did not try to push me to purchase other auto services and items . i plan on taking my own car there for my next oil change .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these gentlemen fixed ( at no cost ) a dangerous mistake made on a tire repair that could have put me at serious risk for a blowout . thanks for your quick and friendly service on a sunday morning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in without an appointment and was helped right away . eric opened the door for me while i lugged my infant in the store . he grabbed my keys and got my car started on right away ! super friendly & helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service team , eric and steven took great care of me during the installation of four new tires . they went above and beyond after their regular store hours .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i spoke to a few places about new tires but javier was so professional that i came here . he was very helpful in picking out my tires and made the usual painful experience very easy . i felt like he wanted my business rather than my money . will certainly be a repeat customer here for my car maintenance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i knew there was something wrong with my front left tire when i had to fill it with air 3 times in a week . the gentleman at the gas station mentioned that big o tires does complimentary tire repairs . i went there and sure enough , they did n't charge me ! i even tried to tip the guy , but he refused to take the tip . all of the staff were very friendly and i will be sure to come here for any of my future tire needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had my front brake pads replaced and four new tires all around in may 2016 . all was great . then , about a week ago noticed the car seemed to be dragging after applying brakes . went in on a busy saturday morning presumed it would take forever to get a check . nope . pulled it in , they took for test drive came back and put on hoist . called us out showed us all was working perfectly . in and out in 15 minutes , feeling better that nothing was wrong . makes me realize that i did the right thing by buying and having work done here , as clearly you are a valued customer even after you leave big o tires . much appreciated ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very fast and friendly service . will use this specific location for all my future needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here with a leak in my tire . charles the manager was super friendly and checked me in . he said there was a screw in my tire . he fixed it all up and when i went to pay he said there was no charge . to top it off i also saw him helping an elderly lady out to her car . i was expecting to have a hassle since it is a repair shop but instead i had a great experience . i will be coming here for all my car needs from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to this big o tires location yesterday for a tire repair . friendly service , clean waiting area , and quick to complete my repair ! very happy with my experience . will definitely be back for any additional tire needs ! thanks guys ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on monday i had a flat tire . when i showed up they told me it could n't be repaired , so i bought two tires at $ 99 each . they promised if i went back they 'd give me $ 50 off when i buy the other two tires . i show up on tuesday and time comes to pay , they charged $ 99 per tire . when i remained them that they had promised to discount $ 50 from my bill , they said they had sold me the tires at $ 99 when the retail price was $ 112 . i 'm not going to go broke or become any poorer because of this , but they lied to make a sale . they did one sale , but i encourage everyone , if they need tires , go elsewhere . they lie . i will never go back there and will encourage people not to go there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this by far is the best big o tires i have been too ! the staffs are very friendly and very helpful ! when i say they go beyond their call of duty , i mean it ! if you have tire pressure , tire problems , brakes etc this is the place to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a low air warning and drove there first thing . they had a lot of customers , but still squeezed me in for a quick patch at a great price . i even got a quick analysis of the tire conditions and i 'll definitely be back when i need new tires .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a really great experience here . i originally came here because i had low air in my tire ( which turned out being an irreplaceable flat ) , and after the lexus dealership would n't give me a new tire with my warranty , i came back to big o to get a new tire at a cheaper price and sooner than the lexus dealership could get it in . charles was incredibly helpful and they got me in and out both visits very quickly . i 'll definitely be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to this bigo for my wheels balancing and alignment . i have a range rover that i put custom 22 '' wheels on , and had issues with them shaking at 40+ mph . after trying to balance them 2 times , i finally spoke with chuck who was fantastic . he let me know that with my size rims i would need to go to a different shop with a forced variance machine . it was so refreshing to finally get an honest opinion - very hard to find . i would have given 5 stars had i dealt with chuck from the get go . make sure to ask for chuck - honest guy that will get you the right solution instead of trying to sell you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had some issues with my car last week and had heard this big o tire location was the best ! i was told to see moe , and boy were they right ! i went in and as soon as moe came over he was all smiles . my car had been stalling over the past couple weeks , so moe checked it , gave me the most reasonable price i can find , and fixed it that day . efficiency is an understatement for that guy . it 's hard to find a great mechanic is town , and i 'm letting all you know , moe at big o tires is the way to go ! thanks moe ! see you for my oil change in a couple months !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had my first tire repair done at big o . the staff was friendly and courteous and they were done in a matter of minutes . to top it off , they comped the repair . i will definitely go back for all my tire needs ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience ! everyone here was professional and my service took no time . ( less than an hour ) the prices were the best in town . i will be back ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience ! great service ! i called big o tires and spoke with eric about an oil change service for my luxury foreign suv . he was informative and helped me set an appointment for the next day . i showed up for the appointment and eric was quick to greet me . he was very busy but professionally juggled the numerous customers he was helping . not once did i feel ignored or neglected . i actually felt important ! eric explained the various oil change options and quickly got the necessary paperwork ready . he showed me where there was complimentary coffee and how to access the free wifi . my vehicle was ready as scheduled . he went over the items that were done and the items that were checked ( i had recently changed the air filters myself and eric mentioned my filters were in great shape - how honest ! ) . eric , your customers service skills are a-1 ! thank you and i look forward to my next appointment !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "big o tires on charleston was so much cheaper when i had to finally do my shocks and struts on my truck , i saved a lot of money and their service was outstanding , i will return for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place ! heading out of town and my low tire pressure gauge came on . i 'm not a regular customer , but pulled in and asked if they could check my tires . charles did not hesitate to help me . thanks so much pat for airing me up and charles for making it happen . i 'll be coming back for sure to get my new tires !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you ken for saying you do repairs on flats for big o tire customers over the phone and then when i show up you say you ca n't patch it so i need a new tire . this kind of customer service is why not all big o tires are the same . i drove back with a punctured tire all the way to the other big o tire store that was more than happy to help me out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service , friendly , and always helpful . i highly recommend this location . complementary tire patch took only about 10-15 min .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in expecting for them to look at my beetle 's tail light that was out and then they would have to order the part and i would have to take it back in another day . wow ... so impressed service manager andrew had one of his staff look at it immediately then updated me on the progress and then told me it was ready to go ... all in about 15 minutes . very grateful for such service . i recently purchased 4 new tires and received the same great service . i will keep coming back . keep up the great work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a big thank you for kacey at the front desk ! she was very polite and helpful during my visit to repair my tire !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so happy with the speed and care provided by oscar , will definitely be back when i need tire repair again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first experience with big o tires since it was near my job . i had a tire not able to be fixed so the store manager charles gave me a quote . he educated me also on tires . one tire turned into 2 as a nail in the side wall . but safety first . thank u", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only place i go to for my car because i know the job will get done right ! and that 's all that matters ! plus they have such a great team . i always feel so welcomed when i 'm there ! big thanks to the manager charles meredith he 's awesome always smiling and you can tell he loves his job ! ! totally recommend big o ' tires ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my second time in just over a year visiting this big-o location ( the first was to buy new tires ) . this time it was for their complete car care package . it 's basically an over-glorified oil change that includes a tire rotation , etc . while it took a little longer than i would have liked ( about 1h 10m ) , the service was done well and all of the employees were friendly . i even had a chance to chat for a few minutes with the owner while i was waiting . the waiting area , while simple , is comfortable and they had hot coffee in the carafe . i like this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "most friendliness services i ever had encounter with . they all were honest and didnt try to rip me off . their knowledge of service is great . the store manger mike was very awesome and i would recommend every of my freinds to get any car service here . thankyou for taking great car of our family vehicles .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i managed a nail and a screw in my tire ... placed the temp tire and drove here near my work on the way in . i picked it up at lunch and they immediately installed the repaired tire free of charge repair and all ! thank you big o ! : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in seeking for help after i got a flat this morning . they were able to patch up the holes from the nails quickly , and for free ! thank goodness for big o tires !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys were a life saver , after running around town for the better part of the day looking for a place to change my tires . quick , efficient and professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a nail in my tire , and not only was robert on top of fixing it , he was exceptionally courteous . i 've been to this location several times , but i 've never written a review . robert 's work and customer service prompted me to do so ... thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . i went in there last sunday with a screw in my rear tire . they took the tire off patched it and the guy comes into the store and says you 're good to go . so i stand in the line to pay and the guy at the register says your good to go i said i have n't paid yet he says that is a service we offer there is no charge . and they wo n't take tips thanks again big o", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a flat tire on my way to costco and pulled off here hoping it could be patched . not only was the tire really bad , and unable to be repaired but all 4 tires were on their way out . which i knew was coming , they were old but timing could n't be worse . the guys who were working here helped me immediately . they were speedy even though there were several people i still got in and out in about an hour , not only that ... they really worked with me on price . they offered me some options and got me a good deal . i take care of 5 children on my own and i could not afford a huge unexpected cost like this ... but thanks to them being so helpful i was able to move sine stuff around , pay for my tires and still able to get to costco afterwords and afford groceries for these kids . that means the world to me ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after expressing my unhappiness , the district manager for big o , eric , contacted me directly . we spoke for some time about my experience , what exactly i was unhappy about , and how big o could mend the relationship . eric assured me that my experience was not unique under this location 's former management , and that the former manager had been terminated and replaced by a very qualified , and customer-focused new manager , mike . mike later contacted me and explained how my issues had been resolved , and i now look forward to returning to this location for what , i am optimistic will be , a good experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "well i stopped in here for a drink . this was the first time i 've been here and found the crowd to be a bit touristy . things did get rather busy by about 10:30pm , and the music was ok. not the best place i 've been to in the area , but worthy of a stop to see what sort of characters there are to see . i think this would be a good spot for singles .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cheap drinks , does have coat check for $ 3 . no cover charge and has great dj pumping out the tunes . i love the friendly bouncers and great chandeliers hanging from the ceiling . all the tables were reserved so if you have a bigger party i 'd suggest reserving one ! it 's a gem in the old port and perfect as it 's stays open until 3:30 am . it does have an atm on site as well ! however they do not take debit only cash or visa . which seems to be the typical montreal thing . i went there on a friday night and it was packed ! the bathrooms are n't the biggest but overall fairly clean . the place is n't huge but has a great vibe and decor inside .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wednesdays nights are awesome , hip hop and cool older crowd ( like 25-35 ) . sexy bartenders and adequate service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amid all the jokes you could make with this bar 's name , i have to admit my disappointment towards this place which hardly stands the comparison with what the old montreal has to offer . perhaps that horrible santos place but let 's remain elegant . ok the interior is reddish and kitsch but that 's the only remarkable thing . here the story goes . former freshmen and cheap drinkers , do you remember these earlier years when we use to sip on christophe dalbray or fusion white wines for $ 8 a bottle ? well here , you will get a glass of these for $ 9 . more , i got a stinger which almost felt like crest but without the whitening ingredient . service wise , order at the bar , as the jersey shorish personel will make you wait for too long and shout an almost delicate `` c'est-tu correct leuuuuuh '' meanwhile you are conversing . the end . `` priez que dieu nous veule absouldre . ''", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i usually come to le confessional on a thursday night because it gets happening on thursday nights . the drink prices are not cheap but not exorbitant . the music is very diverse ( from house to hip hop ) . the crowd is also a reflection of the music , diverse . on my most recent visit , i was disappointed with the coat check process . it took a long time to get my coat , plus they handed me 4 wrong umbrellas until the right one was finally handed to me . however , it was the only blemish on that night . overall , le confessional is a place you want to start your evening off , not where you stay the whole night .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "whenever i go , the crowd is small . i do n't like the atmosphere . the service is normal , nothing special . perhaps , i 'm just unlucky .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "je me confesse mon p\u00e8re car j'ai p\u00each\u00e9 . je suis aller au confessionnal un mercredi et je n'ai pas \u00e9t\u00e9 conquis . malgr\u00e9 la serveuse sympa qui semblait \u00eatre seul pour s'occuper du bar dans son enti\u00e8ret\u00e9 , l'endroit manquait drastiquement de charme . la musique \u00e9clectique qui arr\u00eatait \u00e0 tout moment , le service pr\u00e9cipit\u00e9 \u00e0 cause du manque de staff et l'ambiance inexistante en faisait un endroit sans \u00e2mes et peu int\u00e9ressant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "meh ? first time here and it looked decent from the outside , outside of that the place is very underwhelming . sketchy , unwelcoming service . when j asked to rub a tab they took my name , credit card and drivers license ? bartender ( a ) seemed to have a different agenda .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sympa pour se d\u00e9tendre en fin de semaine . ne pas rater les 5 @ 7 ! ambiance sympa . pour la musique \u00e7a d\u00e9pend vraiment des jours on va dire ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "c'est dr\u00f4le . j'h\u00e9sites toujours \u00e0 dire que j'aime le confessional , mais je me dois confesser ... c'est mon petit c\u00f4t\u00e9 mainstream . au d\u00e9but , j'y allais pour leurs 5\u00e07 puisque je travaillais dans le coin . ensuite , j'y suis sortie en fin de semaine , \u00e0 plusieurs reprises , pour des f\u00eates d'amis ( et m\u00eame pour la mienne ) . c'est vraiment simple organiser des party avec eux ; ils sont pr\u00eats \u00e0 faire des prix de groupe et font du service de bouteille . la musique est toujours 'top 40 billboard ' et , malheureusement , leur dj est souvent un peu `` add '' et change de tune en plein milieu pour une autre qui n'est pas du tout dans le m\u00eame ton ... ce qui m'agace un peu . si non , leurs prix sont aussi vraiment raisonnables pour le vieux-montr\u00e9al et c'est un lieu avec une diversit\u00e9 exceptionnelle de gens . si vous cherchez une place amusante en gang , voulez danser et ne voulez pas vous casser la t\u00eate avec le chichi-foufou du vieux , c'est l'endroit pour vous !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "neat little walk up ice cream store on the main strip in concord and i 'm sure it 's very popular with locals throughout the summer months . it reminds me of the old school diary queen off of central in charlotte ... .they have a few benches to sit on and a small coin merry-go-round for the kids ... not sure if it actually works though . they serve several flavors of the hard scooped ice cream and chocolate vanilla soft serve , shaved ice , shakes , etc . they offer too many flavors for my indecisive mind so we went with the very tasty soft serve : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my son and i visited here a few weeks back . it is ok , nothing to brag about , it can be a little pricey for specialty items but it really is n't worth the price . they give you very little , but to me charge more than it 's worth .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great hours ! ( at least in the summer time ) my favorite is their snow cones ! they 're delicious every time ! also their soft serve is great too ! i have n't actually tried the hand dipped , but they have lots of flavors of the hand dipped and snow cones ! fairly priced on the snow cones too ! ! customer service is okay , it 's mostly a bunch of teenagers.. you expect the ritz customer service ? lol i hope they stay open through the fall !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rudest crew i will ever encounter . they charge extra for everything ! god forbid you ask a question , they can kill you with their looks . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went there for ice cream with my sister in law and thought it was a bit pricey for two ice cream treats called tornados ( ice cream blended with a topping and eaten with a spoon ) . however when we actually got our ice cream they were huge . so the price was worth the amount of ice cream you received . they also do sno cones and frozen yogurt . not a bad place to go for ice cream .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is by far the best chinese food around ; a gem that this area has been missing . the wait staff is very friendly and they offer the most high quality lunch buffet i 've seen ( not to mention at a great price ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so out of curiosity i i used the drive through ... which i must admit was particularly amusing because you can not simply stay in the drive through and wait on your order to be finished if someone else is behind you . nope , you have to circle around the parking lot once and get back in line so that the customer behind you can pay . which could very easily get tricky if someone else were to pull in ahead of you before you circle around . as for the food it was greasy , overcooked , and overpriced . unless you 're starving and craving chinese it 's not worth it . especially with a wendy 's across the street .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "update : restaurant is now closed i 'm not positive the exact reason but i have been informed that jumbo ii is now closed , possibly due to not meeting healthy code standards : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had wonton soup and vegetable fried rice delivered to my house . the wonton soup was darker than i 've ever seen it which immediately turned me away from it . inside of the wontons was dark colored meat that did not look like chicken . the fried rice was tasteless and discolored . all in all , the food was not appetizing and did n't look edible . i wasted about $ 15 and will not be ordering from jumbo ii again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible . this place gives inedible chinese food a bad name . after my meal i drove straight to the pharmacy for a preemptive purchase of imodium and pepto .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have never been inside but order frequently to be delivered . the food always arrives promptly and is hot . large portions and i have never had a bad meal . i usually order general tso chicken , shrimp and vegetables , shrimp lo mein , or egg foo young . for the price and compared to other chinese restaurants who deliver this is a great place.i also custom order low sodium or no sauce or extra mushrooms or bok choy and they always accommodate my order . the lo mein noodles are hand made daily . if you plan on using the drive through -- order over the phone first so you will not have to wait while your food is prepared . eric the delivery man is very nice and personable and one of the reasons why i return over and over as a repeat customer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i reached out to cake lava for a custom cake for my boss 's birthday . each year we have done a custom cake but this year tops it all . i inquired about a cake i had in mind . sasha immediately got back to me within 10-15mins . i was actually shocked thinking i 'd get a response later or even the next day . i sent some photos i found on pinterest and emailed to her . she gave me a quote and said she could make it better . which we all always hope for . well let me tell you she did ! ! 100x better . she delivered it on time even when i switched the day for a day earlier than i needed it . they were very professional , reasonable on prices and delicious . i will never go to another cake place to get a custom cake other than here . i wish i could give them a million stars ! thanks again to sasha and her team for making his birthday amazing . xoxo", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i reached out to cakelava after seeing their great yelp reviews to make a cake for my nephews 8th birthday . on a short notice they were able to create a cake that wow ' me and my nephew . turned out great ! tasted delicious . they even included candles ! everything was to perfection . sasha was very quick with her email responses which i loved . shows she 's serious about her work and wants to be there for her customers . rick designed the cake and it was on point . i had an issue with my printer so i was n't able to print out the invoice that needed to be signed and sasha totally understood and i was able to sign at the place the day i picked up my cake . all in all , i totally recommend them and will be using cakelava again . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our wedding came out delicious not to sweet and exactly how we wanted it . definitely went with her plain idea and my extreme sense of style . if we ever need another custom cake done this is where we will come . customer service was 100 % always kept on touch and answered questions quickly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sasha and rick are so talented and provide amazing customer service . they were able to create a custom game of thrones masterpiece for my fianc\u00e9 's surprise birthday party on a two week deadline ( mind you that the cake was serving 10-12 people ) . everyone , especially my fianc\u00e9 , was floored with the quality and care put into creating such an awesome cake ! it was so delicious too ! they 've pretty much snagged me as a life-long customer ! ! we ca n't wait to begin planning our wedding cake with them ! thanks again y'all ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cakelava absolutely blew my mind with the awesome cake they made for my dads 50th birthday ! i sent them a picture of what i wanted with some changes and they completely exceeded my expectations ! everybody at the party could not believe what we got was an actual cake ! i could have no been happier and my dad the look on his face said it all ! he was amazed by the cake as well and kept telling me how much he loved it ! thank you so much ! i am seriously so thankful and my heart is so full because of this cake !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have to leave a review because i was literally blown away by their cake ! my boyfriend ordered on what would seem short notice , but they came through ! he said he texted them ( since we live in louisiana ) and the cake they made was identical . it was also beyond delicious . do n't hesitate , they are amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i wanted a unique cake , we both love star wars and both sasha and rick took so much time to get ideas , thoughts , and just ran with it from there . our wedding cake was absolutely without question , a work of art and to say it tasted great , not even able to put into words . rick and sasha are just amazingly wonderful , very down to earth and you can tell they really put everything into what they do . just above and beyond our expectations , made the whole wedding day just beyond memorable . thanks rick and sasha , you guys are the best ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it would be impossible to give higher accolades to the entire process of working with sasha and rick . since they are relatively new to las vegas , i had a news article and a website as a guide . check out their site and see for yourself why it was an easy decision to have them create our patron cake for a very special birthday ( i have posted a picture of the cake as well ) . not only did it taste incredible , but i have never been to an event where everyone in attendance got up with smart phones in hand to snap pictures of that amazing cake ! if you are looking for a cake that will be a show stopper , then you need go no further than cakelava ! i ca n't wait for the next special occasion to see what they 'll create for us next .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently ordered a louis vuitton brief case cake last month ( actual picture of the cake is posted in the photos ) .i gave them some pictures of other louis vuitton brief cakes on pinterest i found as samples of how i wanted the cake to look like . the cake rick and sasha made turned out better than the pinterest photos ! it was so realistic in person ! ! we could n't believe everything was edible on the cake . it was so beautiful that we were hesitant to cut the cake up to eat . rick and sasha are truly talented . sasha is very well to work with and gives amazing customer service . i 'll be coming back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no words can describe how my son enjoyed his star wars r2d2 cake ! thank you to sasha and unbelievable talented rick who made the cake ! it 's was so delicious too ! highly recommended ! you will not regret .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my niece 's wedding cake was so beautiful and very delicious ! sasha and rick were helpful and talented , making this long distance wedding the most memorable possible ! they were easy to work with and made this event better than what we hoped . they were very patient with us as we were constantly changing things . in the end , we could n't have asked for a better cake ... i am a new fan of red velvet and chocolate ! thank you so much , sasha and rick !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently ordered a custom cake for my boyfriend 's birthday and it turned out fantastic ! the theme i gave rick was beetlejuice the movie and it turn out to be a real piece of art that tasted even better then it looked . i highly recommend cakelave to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cake lava is as good as it gets . from the moment we did a tasting for our wedding cake we knew we found our bakery . we ended up ordering two cakes prior to our actual wedding ( one for a friends birthday party and another for a christmas party ) prior to our actual wedding and have subsequently ordered another cake for another party later this year . rick is a try artist . he re-created one of our favorite bottles of wine as a groom 's cake a people did not believe it was real ( and it was delicious ) . our wedding was back in april and people are still talking about the cakes today . his cakes not only look amazing but they taste amazing as well . sasha is very professional and thorough and walks you through every detail . delivery is very professional and they are even in uniform when they deliver . cake lava has become our go to bakery for custom cakes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from sf to la and now to phoenix- this is the best training school for any dog ever . they treat every single dog that enters through the doors as their own . i ca n't say enough and they transformed my life with my dog to make him the most enjoyable family member i could ever hope for ! thank you for taking teddy brewski and making him the model dog citizen he is today ! ! ! parnters and the staff , especially leighton , stephanie , amy , and kalina are part of teddy brewski and my fam now ! i can always count on them ! thanks ! woof", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we brought home a three month old labradoodle puppy and she needed puppy 411 training stat . we were referred over to partners by a previous client and they raved about how amazing they were . they were right . we enrolled our lil puppy in partners for three full weeks of overnight puppy bootcamp . from the moment i arrived i was treated professionally , thoroughly and knew our puppy was in good hands . she returned home a new dog . obedient . alert . respectful and trained ! we now follow up on saturday morning training sessions to maintain ( our ) and her attention span . we could not be more pleased with our trainer kalie . our puppy jezze is beyond delighted to see everyone but secretly loves kalie the most : ) kalina the office manager was fabulous through everything and runs the operation smoothly . we highly recommend partners ! i now need to enroll my disobedient pomeranian and have kalie whip him into shape . thank you all for the wonderful service . i 've already referred anyone i know looking for dog training assistance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we sent our miniature aussie to partners for resident training camp for basic obedience . prior to going there scout was actually a pretty good dog , we just thought he could be better . after just two weeks partners has brought him to the level of being an amazing dog , one that is a joy both as a companion and to work with at obedience . i specifically like the involvement of the staff and the transition training that we are doing now so that scout knows what applies at partners applies in our home as well . the staff is particularly skilled at not only training dogs , but teaching owners the subtle things that make all the difference . perhaps the biggest thing i can say is that this is not just a facility to consider taking a troubled dog to , but also one that can bring significant improvement to an already good dog .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love partners ! we have a high energy doberman girl and they are just the best ! we have boarded her on a couple occasions and they work with her while we travel . we also are taking basic obedience classes weekly . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brought our 4 year old german shepard annie for a three week camp to deal with potential behavior issues and we could n't be happier with the results . our dog is obviously so much happier now after being trained and since the training camp so much better behaved . no more barking when put outside . no more rushing the door . she sits , stays , heels , basically listens to us now . wow what a difference three weeks made . jen shelton and everyone there were just terrific ! we will recommend partners to everyone we know . its also good to have a place to trust when we need to board or use day care . it 's very obvious they care very much for every dog . thanks partners !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jen shelton at partners is a wonderful trainer . she has worked with my dog mia and has done wonders . mia loves her", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not say enough about partners and specifically our trainer elise . our private lessons with elise were a game changer . we adopted our dog wrigley and although she had the basic commands ... .she was definitely in charge ! elise not only made an amazing connection with wrigley..but she trained us equally . wrigley is a completely different dog ... becoming more social , disciplined and confident . thank you elise . you are the best ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so happy that we were lucky enough to find jen shelton and partners ! my husband and i rescued a yorkie cairn terrier mix who displayed serious aggression toward other people and controlling behaviors once he got comfortable with us . he 's def full of personality and makes our home complete but his aggression was making it hard to take him anywhere , even to the vet ! we found partners and jen shelton was our pup 's main trainer during his stay at behavior bootcamp and he came home a very obedient pup . jen clearly knows and loves dogs . we are so happy keep working with her on our pup 's aggressive behavior , we wo n't give up on him and neither will jen ! thank you jen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my breeder referred us to partners dog training and it 's been a great experience for ataiah and me . tai is a vizsla puppy that 's full of energy , she 's very smart and equally stubborn , probably not a good combination ! she 's still a crazy puppy but she does listen more now , she obeys commands . when we came back for our follow up sessions , tai was so excited to see both megan and amy . you can tell they love what they do . megan and amy were awesome and they worked well with her ... i 'm sure it was n't easy ! tai will be going back for additional training .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i board and train all my dogs here . the staff is courteous and professional , and they always make us feel like part of the family . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we started our sheltie off in day care to help her with socialization . she loves it ! ! she can not wait to get to each visit . kelly gives her a lesson every day care session and is now giving her private lessons . kelly loves her job and her clients and it shows . she listens to our concerns and zeros right in on the solution . a well trained dog is a happy dog ( and owner ) . this is the place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have a small dog with aggression issues that we brought to partners . leighton , kitra , and kaile are incredibly knowledgeable and i have learned a great deal from them . the work they 've done with our dog definitely shows . while he will always be a management issue , i know how to manage his behavior because of our training . i also know it 's important that i continue to work with him at home doing what they showed us during a recent house visit . thanks , partners !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was really skeptical in picking up a place for my baby boy since we were planning for a long trip out of country . one of my friends suggested partners and i am so glad i picked them . they kept sending me updates of facebook whenever requested . they respond so quickly . my boy was so happy and occupied while we were away . we took training along with boarding so he was kinda super busy and learning . i am sure my boy loved them too , definitely will be going back for next level k9 training .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have trained my dog at partners for over 1 year . though the consistency of the employees and trainers seems to change , i have been mostly satisfied with the results . recently , i made multiple attempts to contact the owner leighton oosthuisen regarding a boarding fee that was charged even after i cancelled the reservation well in advance of 1 week . when he finally returned my call and i explained the situation , he refused to provide the refund . he told me it was company policy . i informed him that i would be disputing the charge with my bank and he promptly hung up the phone in an aggressive manner . unfortunately , the phone bounced of the receiver and i could hear his negative comments to the office staff regarding my call . based on this issue , i will be taking my business to a trainer that values customers and providing great service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have a maltese that has aggression issues . improvement has definitely been a process and partners has really proven to be partners along the way . the staff is outstanding and and takes the time to really try to understand what is going on in the dogs head . the improvement especially recently has been tremendous and short of magic , i ca n't imagine a more effective training solution .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have an 11 month old golden retriever with a real love for life . we love him just as much , but his high energy level gets him into trouble ... destructive behavior and poor listening habits . anita helped us to remind lucky who was boss and gave both lucky and his parents the skills we needed to ensure a healthy and happy home life . he now knows the basic commands and is more respectful of his environment . thank you anita and partners !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these folks are awesome ! out primary trainer kaylee was amazing , she and kelly were fantastic . our little guy is a bit of a challenge , but kaylee has given us faith thru running through the program . my wife and i , and jemma and jax could not be happier with the results . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have a border collie-husky mix and am a first time dog owner . kelli was our trainer , and i do mean `` our . '' she patiently but firmly taught me how to handle a dog that learned very quickly but was also independent and stubborn , emphasizing consistency and clarity . she is very positive , generous with praise and treats and encourages you to make it exciting and fun for your dog to obey a command , but she is also focused on making sure the dog is doing something the right way . my dog loved it - she was excited to go to class and loved it when kelli would take the leash because kelli makes it so easy for the dog to know what she expects of her . this really is a great experience not just for a new puppy but especially , i think , for a new dog owner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am the director for lulubelle animal rescue . we sometimes encounter dogs with aggression issues . we have used partners to help us get these dogs under control and get them to the point where they are manageable and adoptable ! one of the biggest examples was our lance . he was on the euthanasia list at county . we pulled him and realized he needed training ! after doing camp at partners and getting the training he needed he finally found the perfect home ! we could n't have done it without kelli and the crew at partners !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "two years ago we picked out this terrified pup from a shelter and brought her home . for the first two months i could only take her outside after dark because she was so timid but then i called my friend leighton a oosthuisen at partners training and asked about private lessons . we were paired up with jen shelton who totally changed my tori 's life ! she is now a goofy playful pup that loves other dogs and people . jen used her own dog violet to help socialize tori and show her how to be a good girl ! if you need help training your fuzzy kid please give partners a call and talk to jen shelton !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible customer service . when made light of the horrible experience no response . there are many other dog training facilities around . i would advise to look else where .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this update is so we are factual in our representation of our experience with partner 's . on the phone they said they could only refund $ 50 but today we received a $ 200 refund . it still is more expensive than the other trainer we chose to replace partner 's but this is a fairer refund and we appreciate them doing this .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a very cool facility with everything a dog could want . heck i want to go to day care there ! leighton is very knowledgeable with training all types of dogs and freely shares his tips and insights . i love his facebook live sessions where you can ask him anything ! they really do care about dogs and it shows in the work they do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i brought my 2 year old dog in for day care for socialization with people and dogs . training sessions were also included . instead of being tired at the end of the day , he returned home anxious . after a few weeks , the trainer said he was biting her hands during training sessions -something he had never done previously . concerned about this behavior and the dogs anxiousness at the end of the day , my daughter went in to observe a couple of times and said my dog was in a crate both times . i believe he had little time in supervised free play and was treated too harshly during the training sessions . i pulled him from this training facility and and found another trainer that did a great job with my guy . i can not recommend partners to others .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was lost when it came to my dog sophie . she was the typical chihuahua , barks alot , territorial , even sometimes a little meanie . after my behavior evaluation lesson with partners , i have learned so much ! i decided to buy a package of 5 lessons and pair with day car visit to her fav trainer ! we have been coming here for a couple of months now and she is an over all happier dog with all her new obedience and foundation training - as partners calls it ! i have refereed my friends and family to partners . as i was also someone who though this was how naughty little chihuahua puppies should be acting . partners has taught me to take control of my home and do it in a positive uplifting way so sophie enjoys everything now ! highly suggested !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i adopted our rescue dog marli 5 months ago and brought her to partners dog training to learn agility only 3 weeks after we adopted her . she has just finished level 2 agility and in the last 4 months has really blossomed . she loves agility and her instructor anita is the best . so knowledgeable and such a great teacher . the other girls are wonderful too . melissa has taken special care to help use socialize her to other humans in between agility drills . you have a great team here . we just signed up to learn rally this past week and that class is equally enjoyable and educational . anita is a great instructor for rally too . we ca n't wait to see how much we learn . - marli just finished snake training last saturday and tried daycare out last week as well . this is a great school and daycare with people that really care .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the gift shop here provides an interesting collection of pittsburgh novelties including magnets , shirts and a wide variety of heinz merchandise free street parking is available . there is also a paid lot across the street .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my sentiments echo arlene 's very thorough review below . the toys exhibit is a must see . it would be particularly nice to share with an older child or sibling . nostalgic for someone of my era . rock'em'sock'em robots bring back xmas memories . it is also nice to include the large deck sized chess set to remind us some games persist over centuries . the exhibit give a history of the games and a context of their evolution over several decades . my personal bias would be to see some connection to the metal making stamping , polymer plastic processing . ... and which regions of the country contributed to game manufacturing . need a stratego game too . but minor quibbles , this was fun ! ! thanks to the yelp team for organizing this splendid event !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am something of a museum buff and do not easily tire from visiting and revisiting the fabulous museums that our city has to offer . and the hhc is no exception . you 'll learn that for over a century the pittsburgh region had been the center of production for america 's glass industry . my favorite exhibit is the glass exhibit . there are beautiful glass pieces of all colors shapes and sizes on display . it 's hard to believe that such delicate and well crafted art was made in the same city that has been labled the steel city dirty city . the site is over 275 , 000 square feet and even have full scale historical homes with historical artifacts inside . in my opinion the hhc is not just for out of towners . bonus it 's in the strip disctict so after you conclude your visit , you can walk around in the strip and visit wholey 's which is very close by .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my biggest tip for this museum : make sure you give yourself enough time . there are six floors packed with interesting and educational exhibits and each is just as interesting as the next . you wll enjoy this museum even if you are not from pittsburgh and there really is something for everyone - from the sports fan to kids with short attention spans . if you have a limited amount of time in the museum , make sure you see innovators , the sports museum and slavery to freedom . there is a buy one get one coupon in the entertainment book and there are often specials on living social and groupon , so check those out before making the trip . although it is worth the full price of admission !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i feel so proud to live in a city that boasts such fantastic museums . the history center is no exception . they 've managed to capture , hold and preserve so much of our rich , local and regional history ; a feat not easily accomplished . in addition they continually improve with more artifacts and information of what has formed our community . they always have the best events and special exhibits along with the regular displays . neat place for locals and tourists alike .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a gem right in downtown pgh ! we were staying across the street at the hampton inn and strolled over to check it out . i 'm glad we did . sports history of western pa and other awesome stuff . mr. rogers neighborhood sets and memorabilia . streetcar from old pittsburgh was pretty cool and the heinz section was informative and fun . each floor had a viewing window of the river and stadiums with rocking chairs that was a great place to relax and enjoy the scenery .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not say how happy i was to be able to take advantage of a living social deal for half off a yearly individual membership to the heinz history center . it 's a fun place and the exhibits are endlessly entertaining , interesting , relevant and educational . i 've been a pittsburgher all my life and places like the heinz history center make me excited and proud to call this city home . it is also a cool place for not just locals but visitors from out of town as well . in addition to great exhibits and good times , there are always events going on here ( some for members only , making a membership worth the money ) . and its location at the edge of the strip district does n't hurt , either . i 've been to the history center several times and continue to fall in love . i may just have to renew my membership next year so i do n't miss a thing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brought my pops and sister here for a visit while they were in visiting me from out of town lots explore here definitely enjoyed the pop art floor , 4th floor , and learning about just how much stuff was made here . if you 're a fan of random old things you will love it here . there is a smithsonian civil war history exhibit as well . which is funny because all they do is make copies of photos and things and slap their name on it as a sponsor . i did enjoy the items in that exhibit though . this is a neat museum i love the old trolley car on the first floor , a little taste of what pittsburgh was like back when the mills were boomin . then admission was around 25 $ for adults , the museum closes at 5pm , if you 're into old things you may need 3+ hours to get through it all . parking is on the street and is limited .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we recently had our wedding reception here . i have nothing but absolutely wonderful things to say about lorie and maura . they were so easy to work with , returned every phone call , and made me feel perfectly at ease . they even helped me negotiate fees with vendors . the site is a little pricey , but i feel it is worth every penny . the fifth floor room is enormous , it has a space for cocktail hour , and a balcony with a beautiful view . you 're also allowed in the museum exhibits for pictures with your photographer . i try to convince everyone i know who is getting married , even strangers , to have their reception there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're visiting pittsburgh and want to know everything about this city 's history , this is where to go . the john heinz history center is an a to z history of the steel city or city of champions , take your pick . every steeler and pirates fan will love the sports area , with old uniforms , bats , balls , helmets , you name it , it 's here . the history of heinz products is always nostalgic , seeing old bottles , cans and products heinz has made for years . seeing old commercials as well . there are even models of homes here in the city from the 50 's with how kitchens , living rooms and bedrooms looked back then . we saw the vatican treasures back in the winter and it was a beautiful and long tour . there is an old port authority street car you can go in and sit on with the original advertising above the windows , that brought back many memories of me growing up . the islaly 's exhibit is another `` must see '' here at the heinz history center .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this museum really surprised me . i went here when my parents came to town , and we killed 3 hours here without even making it to all the floors . this will probably get me shunned from pittsburgh yelp , but i 'm not a steelers fan , so i was a bit skeptical of the allure of the sports museum . not rightly so -- the museum covered a lot of ground , and while there was a room that was a shrine to the steelers franchise , there was a lot of focus on the sports brought to pittsburgh by its immigrants , past olympians ( apparently we had some great swimmers ! ) , and the steel mill baseball leagues . also , pittsburgh started the practice of batting helmets with -- get this -- miners ' helmets . other cool displays included the history of the american flag , innovators of western pa , and general american history . protip : discounts for students grad students every day , and you can usually find discount adult admission on burghbargains .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have not been here in a few years . the hubby wanted to see the wwii exhibit . i wanted to see mr.rogers . it was all awesome ! the wwii exhibit is awesome . and we thoroughly enjoyed the mr. rogers exhibit as well . located in a cool old warehouse in the strip , i always liked the history center and the two exhibits we went to see did not disappoint . love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "during a recent trip to pittsburgh i had some time to kill before my megabus trip back home . across the river form our hotel was the heinz history museum , which looked like a good place to kill some time . history was my favorite subject in school and i always enjoy a good history museum , which heinz is . i loved the variety of historical topics this museum covers . it was cool getting to learn more about pittsburgh and especially of the heinz company . even though i 'm a cincinnatian who dislikes most pittsburgh teams , i really enjoyed the sports museum , very well done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we visited this museum twice , although it 's been several years now . i feel the museum is a `` must '' when visiting pittsburgh . to begin with , the building 's interior is really attractive and we love its location near the strip district . the permanent collection is quite interesting , and it has lots of neat stuff that provides a sense of the region 's history & character . also ; the gift shop has a great selection , including some terrific books by brian butko ( the director of publications ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a total history of pittsburgh and a must visit . it has a lot of interactive exhibits and can be enjoyed by any age . i learned a lot about the city and even some new facts about the teams . with the multiple floors you should plan to spend a few hours here . we were there for 4 and i feel like we still did n't see it all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in the five years that i have been living in pgh i have never been to the history center . i will say , i wish that i went there sooner ! it was very informative and the 1968 exibit was fantastic . i loved making my own record album , writing my own type of social protest , and looking at 1968 unfold before me . i want to go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i visited on a rainy day . there were 6 floors to be visited . when we were done we noticed that we were touring for over 5 hours . my favorite exhibits were the heinz section , the sports memorabilia and the toys . a very interesting place to visit ! make sure that you walk the stairs to each floor to earn a special prize .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a compact but interesting museum affiliated with the smithsonian that showcases many pittsburgh-related items and exhibits . the big one is the western pa sports museum , which highlights sports throughout the years and ties many of the area 's sports icons to the history of the region . there are regularly rotating exhibits , such as the 1968 exhibit , that are always interesting to see . i 've been here twice , once for a formal as a student and once last weekend on a visit with family . you could easily spend half a day browsing and learning . overall , it 's an interesting and well laid-out museum that warrants at least one visit if you 've got the time . also , local college students get free admission .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've lived in pgh for a year now and really do n't know a whole lot of history about the region . so going to the heinz history center made sense . after passing by billboards for the pittsburgh 's sunken steamboat the arabia i decided to go . i had been in the great hall of the building , which is super gorgeous , so my hopes were high . i brought my 5 year old on memorial day and delighted to find out his admission was free , but mine was 15 bucks . the steamboat exhibit for the arabia was decent . the kid 's areas were boring and my kid was quickly over them . the museum is n't terrible but its seems to have old school exhibit styles in this modern chic loft space . some of the exhibits were more modern and well- presented and others were just those corny mannequins with blurbs . maybe i struggled to find the cohesion in the lay out here . the most interesting part for me was the exhibit on items from pittsburghs ethnic neighborhoods . 2-3 stars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm not even a pittsburgh sports fan but i got teary-eyed watching the video on the floor dedicated to sports . i loved how this museum dedicated each floor to a different part of pittsburgh american history . i spent three hours in here , just reading through so many captions alongside the artifacts and felt super enlightened after ! i am no history buff nor do i claim to know so much about us history but this place makes it fun to learn and interact with everything inside . make sure you get the stamp sheet and find the stamp machine on every floor . you get a fun pittsburgh-y surprise when you take the completed sheet to the gift shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a well-travelled family with `` discerning preschoolers '' and a 3rd grader . we all found things to love about this place . the kids found something to do on every floor and did n't want to leave even after 5 hours ! mom loved the multi-faceted layout with many surprises . we 've been to plenty of museums and this one is clean , even in the nooks and crannies where dust usually hides in museums . and all of the exhibits function ! i even caught a security guard on his hands and knees picking up a mess left by someone else . so many smiles and suggestions from staff on what to do or see . kudos to management : world class .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the heinz history center is a top notch museum . my wife and i have visited it twice so far and it is always on my must do list when we visit pittsburgh . last time we went we viewed the vatican splendors exhibit , this exhibit only traveled to three museums in the united states . the artifacts from the vatican were breathtaking and were enhanced by items brought in by the local diocese . the exhibits that are permanently housed at the museum are interactive as well as educational . this is somewhere anyone traveling to pittsburgh should not miss .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here with my family the day after christmas . we all loved it ! i will start off by saying i am not a history buff at all . quite the opposite . i am awful with dates , presidents , wars , literally everything . after visiting the heinz history center , i wished i had paid more attention in school and knew more about wwii . that is a huge feat in and of itself . the exhibit was huge . i loved the personal pittsburgh connections . i have a grandfather , aunt , and uncle who all worked at westinghouse and i loved reading and learning about their contribution to wwii . brad and my grandfather spent a lot of time in the `` reflection room '' sharing stories of brad 's brother in a war , and my grandpa 's experience with the great depression and wwii . i definitely recommend coming ! it was a wonderful exhibit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was great . it was reasonably priced . they were setting up for an event , but they did n't impede the visitors . every floor has something to offer , but it can still be done in a reasonable amount of time . i did n't realize how much pittsburgh has contributed to the u.s. lots of recognizable people honored . plus , they had several spots for the kids to be kids and play , so they did n't get `` bored '' just looking at things , although my kids my 4 and 7 year olds were interested in a lot of things . the # pixburgh and neighborhoods parts were my favorites .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we definitely spent a lot of time here on a cold day and had a great experience . there 's so much to do , and so many shifting themes from one room to the next , it 's like visiting several different museums in one building . as goofy as it sounds , the section on the heinz company and its ketchup ( et al ) was among the best parts of the whole thing . i personally also liked the trolley that was on the first floor . full-grown adults ( with no children in tow ) having a fun , educational , somewhat silly time - the photos we have all show us with very big smiles .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there are six floors . it is definitely family friendly and something for everyone . we only got through 3 floors . there is so much history and things to see . would recommend a stop here as part of your visit to pittsburgh , pa", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we did n't have much time here as we were just passing through on the way to philadelphia , but my wife absolutely had to see the ketchup area . next time we have more time in pittsburgh we will definitely be back to see some of the other areas as the ketchup section was interesting and comprehensive . the location is pretty great too as it is right on the edge of the strip district where there are tons of dining and shopping options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the heinz museum was a very interesting and fun place to visit . i really enjoyed the exhibition on ariabia , which is a cargo ship that sunk in the 1800 's and was found in 1987 . they also had a heinz exhibit which was really cool all the different products he made starting in 1870 then they had a glass exhibit which i found to be very interesting it takes several hours to walk around the whole museum and there are a lot of really cool things to see they have a sports area that is really cool for all you sports fans.. the museum is geared for children as well as adults there is even a smoothie shop downstairs for afterwards and a little play area", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great venue for a wedding ( yes , you read that right ) ! the 5th floor banquet hall had amazing views of the pittsburgh city skyline , overlooking the river and 16th street bridge , among others . the reception cocktail hour was on the first floor , among the welcoming exhibits , and if i remember correctly , the trolley car exhibit was a hit with kids and adults alike !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this museum is a great addition to downtown pittsburgh . the only thing is , make sure you set enough time aside to see all six floors ! i thought i could do it in two hours , but i stayed for three hours instead . i could easily have spent another hour there . we did n't even go to the fifth or sixth floor because there was so much information to read ! we learned about the history of pittsburgh - steel , steamboats , and the glass industry . also , they have a floor devoted to all the pittsburgh sports teams , and another floor talking about how heinz became the company it is today . i believe it was only $ 16 which is an amazing price for what you get . there is also a cafe and a really nice gift shop to spend more money at . we purchased a ketchup bottle ornament and two chocolate pickles !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love going to museums and this was a good museum . i feel that there needs to be a little bit more technology and interactive exhibits incorporated into this place . i loved how the museum really educated me about a lot of the little historical things that occurred in and around pittsburgh . i loved the exhibits about lewis and clark but i thought that there was a little bit too much of a focus on pittsburgh sports . while pittsburgh 's sporting teams are fun to watch , i 'm not sure that they deserve as much credit as this museum gives to contributing to the area of pittsburgh . i was alittle disappointed that a number of the exhibits were closed of to the public even though that they appeared to not be under any sort of rennovation nor was i informed upon entering as to which exhibits would be closed to the public . overall a good experience and worth the $ 10 entry fee .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been to the history center on several visits both to see actual exhibits or to attend events that are hosted at the center . the building itself is historical by its own merit and they 've done a wonderful job at restoring it and adapting it to serve such an awesome set of functions : museum , exhibit space , event space , etc . this is one of those place you have to see to truly appreciate , all of the exhibits i 've had the pleasure of seeing have been high-quality . and their standing ones such as pittsburgh sports , modern marvels , and memorabilia are ones that you will never get bored with and learn something new every time . there 's is so much to pittsburgh and its history ... so this place is truly special .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unless the new attraction is amazing the attractions that are year round are all right . not nearly worth the cost of getting in . least favorite museum in pittsburgh . and i 'm a huge pittsburgh sports fan .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "rude staff ; lousy cafe ; dirty bathrooms - and no place to park . to say my experience was disappointing would be an understatement .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we are history lovers and this was a dream for us . it was a perfect way to spend a morning . the history of heinz , the french-indian war , lewis and clark , immigration to the us and so , so much more . it is a beautiful museum filled with so many interesting exhibits and stories . it can be a little overwhelming but worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my point park students here for a field trip . it 's a great museum for those interested in the history of our city and region . there 's a lot of interesting exhibits with tons of artifacts . a great trip for those who just want to learn more about where they are from or want to share some of our area 's history with out of town guests . the museum is really big and spans 5 or 6 floors , so when you go , you have a lot of ground to cover if you want to see everything ! it 's got a little bit of something for everyone , including plenty of children-focused exhibits to keep the little ones entertained .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so much info , so many floors and displays ... much more than expected . this is definitely a place for repeat visits to absorb all the details and history .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed the pennsylvania civil war exhibit . unfortunately i went late in the day and did n't get through the whole museum before close , but i will definitely do that another time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "was n't planning to visit this museum but had an extra hour before we needed to head off to the airport . in the final hour prior to closing , museum admission is half-off . that one hour turned out to be just perfect for seeing the museum 's best collections , which are diverse and interesting . and an unbeatable value at half off .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love their wwii exhibit . very fun and informative . love going and exploring all six of their floors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place to start if you are visiting pittsburgh for the first time or just getting to know your home town . there 's also a sports museum attached to the history center - all for the same admission price . there is sooo much to see ! ( also way cheaper than other museums in pittsburgh ) very close to the strip , so you can make a day of it all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "during her first visit to pittsburgh , my sister stated that she had never been to a museum . knowing she was n't artsy or super into history , i decided to take her to the sports musuem inside the heinz history center . it is a great idea for someone who has never been to a museum before ( and is over the age of 15 ) . for under 15 , try the carnegie science center", "score": "4"}
{"review": "to be honest , i saw almost nothing of the museum but as a wedding venue-it was beyond perfect . the staff was spot on , the museum was available to the families to visit all day long and the evening went so smoothly . if you need a place for an event-go here . it is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are visiting pittsburgh or just love pittsburgh , its history and pittsburgh sports this is the museum to visit ! located in the strip district right near downtown with plenty of nearby parking lots . great for families with kids and people of all ages . the western pa sports section is awesome and any spots fan has to visit . they also have fun events including the +21 event for young professionals , history uncorked . this is typically on a friday evening in february after the museum has closed . you can sample food from local pittsburgh restaurants as well as enjoy beer and wine . they usually have a live band and dj and the exhibits are open on each floor . my only complaint about this event is too many tickets are sold .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "educational displays are engaging and entertaining . lots of family friendly , hands on exhibits . impressive collection !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this museum is packed full of interesting exhibits that especially cater to that proud pittsburgh ego . i have been in pittsburgh my whole life and learning about all the contributions we made to society made me even more proud . i would recommend setting aside a large chunk of time to visit the museum so that you can take it all in ! the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think that this attraction gets overlooked by the carnegie museum & science center -going crowd and i had peraonally never heard of it until 2012 . right now , with the toy exhibit on the first floor , it 's like walking through your , your parents , and possibly your grandparents ' childhood living rooms and remembering all the fun you had with toys . sports fans have a huge area to explore for local football , boxing , wrestling , baseball , soccer memorabilia . get a tour ! my favorite part was learning about the building 's past as an ice factory and how they had horse stables on the 3rd floor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my kid here so she could research pa history for school , and it was pretty good . lots of different things to see and different floors . the heinz exhibit was cool , too . the price was pretty good for students and such , too . parking sucked but it was a cool place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a small but great museum about the history of pittsburgh from the start to the modern era including some changing exhibits . parking is easy and it 's right next to the strip if you want a bite to eat . it 's the perfect place to take kids on a rainy day . i ca n't add much more . but it 's a place you should go to at least one time if you live or are stopping by pittsburgh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was only able to see a limited area of the museum because i was here for a seminar ( the museum was closing by the time it wrapped up ) , but ... what a cool place ! the native pittsburghers recommended it highly , especially the areas dedicated to mr. rogers and the current toy exhibit . the inside of the museum is really impressive , with great architecture and lots of exposed brick . it was a location where my eye kept going from one thing to the next . portions of the exhibits were clearly identified and easy to read . i do n't think this comes across as a standard history museum , one where people may start to yawn and drift away into boredom at the mere mention of history and museum in the same sentence . this place seemed really cool and it 's definitely on my list of must-sees on my next trip to pittsburgh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first two floors are so much fun ... we loved the mr rogers exhibit , heinz exhibit , and the wwii exhibit . do n't miss the stair challenge for a fun surprise at the end ( spoiler free pickle pin ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the museum gave a great overview of western pa history which was very interesting . we went in thinking that there would only be a few exhibits dedicated to heinz and were blown away with the depth and detail the museum offered . we left wishing we had a one-stop-shop like this for philadelphia 's history !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drove past the museum many times during our visits to the strip . often crowded with school busses and tourists . never thought much about it . decided to visit on a saturday morning . no crowds . very quiet . you can go at your own pace . in three+ hours we covered most everything , learned a great deal about pittsburgh history , and felt the winning excitement evidenced in the sports museum . incredible experience . well worth the admission cost . not cold and stuffy like a lot of museums and galleries . probably more suited for adults than younger children . ( and if you go early in the morning , you can have saturday brunch at lidia 's just down the street after you are done . not free , but a great value without the sunday crowds . )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the heinz history center has been one of my favorite museums in pittsburgh for the longest time . aside from all of their awesome exhibits , they hold an annual event called history uncorked every february . this event has become one of my favorite pittsburgh parties to attend . it attracts over 500 young professionals and the museum just comes alive . from 6:30pm - 11:00pm , the museum is turned into a huge party . the first floor welcomes you with a full bar , silent auction items , and food tables for sampling . up on 5 , there are more bars , a dj , dance floor , and lounge couches . this years theme was 'speakeasy ' , a throwback to the roaring 20 's . my friends and i have gone the past couple of years , and it seems to get better every time we go . i highly recommend visiting this museum , as well as , checking out their history uncorked event every year ( always held in february ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we visited the heinz history center mainly to see the mr. rogers exhibit , not realizing how extensive and wonderful this museum is . amazing ! this is n't just about heinz foods ; there is a wonderful story told about the rich and diverse history of pittsburgh . when we called , a worker told us we would be able to go through in a couple of hours . but we love to read everything and really take in the displays ; we could spend a couple of hours on each floor ! this is one of the best museums we 've ever visited , and we definitely will be back when we 're in pittsburgh !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the heinz history center is a great museum ! it 's a pittsburgh staple , even if you 're from pittsburgh , i guarantee you 'll find facts about pittsburgh that you did n't know . there are a total of 6 floors at the museum . they do different special exhibits at different times of the year . at this time they have a pixburgh exhibit which features a ton of pictures people have gifted to the museum from different times and events in pittsburgh . i definitely think that this is a must see if you are from out of town visiting the burgh ! definitely a great place if you 're a sports fan as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a fairly recent transplant to pittsburgh , people kept saying that i should go to the heinz history center . so , a few weekends ago i made the trip . now , to be honest with you , i really enjoy museums . i tend to walk through them and browse ( i do not read every single sign-board ) . that being the case , i was amazed that it took me 4-hours to go through this place . its really that big ! it would be easy to spend an entire day . tons of really neat exhibits and artifacts . specifically , i enjoyed seeing the actual turf from three rivers stadium , the baseball stuff , and the technology section . parking is right across the street ( cost is $ 5 i believe ) . really great place . those who are new to pittsburgh certainly need to make a visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was visiting family in pittsburgh and it was a rainy day so we decided to check this place out . i got ta say this place was a let down for me . a lot of the exhibits where kind of boring to me . yes this place does have six floors i believe but there just was n't a lot to see or do . i did like seeing the mr. rodgers part.the heinz part even though that part was rather small and not a lot of information . and lastly i liked the sports part and even liked the part on pa high school athletics . overall i ca n't get to mad i purchased a groupon for this museum . probably would n't come back here and if you are limited time in pittsburgh this is one you can miss in my opinion . i think there are better options of things to see and do . but if you absolutely feel you have to visit this museum make sure you have a coupon or something because if you pay full price you 'll be disappointed !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had a great day here ! neat way to learn about the heritage of pittsburgh and the surrounding areas of southwestern pa .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there is a nice little deli on the far left side when you walk past the lobby . you do not need to pay admission to go in and they have great wraps , smoothies and more . have a lot of kid friendly snacks and they have a fun slide and play room above . definitely is a small shop but it is cute , vintage , fun and not too expensive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was skeptical about going here as i 'm not wild about museums , but this one had it all ! various floors of the building gave you various bits of information about pittsburgh and the people from there . who knew mr. rogers was from pittsburgh ? ? i especially enjoyed the glassware floor where all of the beautiful pieces were displayed . our friends took us to the sports floor , even though we are diehard philadelphia sports fans . but i really enjoyed it . i did n't know arnold palmer was from pittsburgh ! if you are a pittsburgh fan , you got ta go to this floor . there were really cool stories about pittsburgh and it 's people throughout the museum and one of my favorite things was the machine that taught you how to `` speak pittsburghese '' . for instance , jine iggle really is giant eagle , the local grocery store . we had fun with that machine and our friends because they swear they have no accent ! haha ! great fun and interesting things to learn ! go ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at $ 10 per adult , you ca n't really go wrong here . we spent probably a little over 2 hrs at the museum and felt it was well worth the price of admission . i enjoy american history , and this was no exception .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this history centre is worth an afternoon 's trip . very interesting and informative displays . topics include history of the heinz company , innovations in pittsburgh , western pennsylvania sports ( which occupies a large section of the centre ) , history of western pennsylvania , etc . i 'm not a sports fan , so i skipped the entire exhibit having to do with sports . even with that , i spent much of the afternoon there looking at various things .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very cool museum to walk through with several different exhibits . they had a toy exhibit there when we visited and i loved getting to see all the voyage toys from the 50 's , 60 's and 70 's . my only complaint is that they were setting up for a wedding when we were visiting and i felt rushed because they kept putting up tables everywhere so i felt like i had to leave .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i spent about an hour and a half wandering around the museum , and did n't see a ton of stuff . you could spend a whole day here . it is really fascinating and the exhibits are well put together . my favorite areas were mr rogers exhibit , the history of heinz section , and the visible storage area . so much wonderful information ! i 'm thinking of going again tomorrow before my flight home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this place . this was the first thing we visited when we got to pittsburgh . my daughter and i started downstairs and worked our way up . the exhibits were great . she is under the age of 12 and she absolutely loved the questions and other things she filled out in each area . each room had so much to see from the new and old history . do n't be fooled that it 's all about ketchup , there 's much more . it had history about football , baseball , hockey , soccer and every sport you can think of . then the history of pittsburgh was wonderful to learn about . oh and the ketchup exhibit was awesome , i had no clue heinz made other things too . mr. rogers was the best exhibit , it made my day . we spent so much time there , get ready because it will take a couple hours to go through . we would go again , loved it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited this museum today and spent about four hours browsing . we really enjoyed the exhibits , especially the one on heinz and the arabia exhibit . we did n't read every placard but we did take in a lot of information . however , in these four hours we did n't have enough time to explore the whole museum . i wish the museum offered longer hours and better signage directing visitors through certain exhibits . otherwise , we had a blast and we be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "spent all my time ( 3 hours ) on just the hall of fame traveling exhibit and the pittsburgh sports center . must return soon with an earlier start ! great layout and displays , with the occasional interactive fun bits . some of the labels are repetitive or need updating . ( for example , if the label refers to 2010 or 12 as the future , then update us ! )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beautiful building with lots to see for free around the lobby . you can pay to enter the exhibit and just check out the main lobby , which is free and worth checking out for some brief history of pittsburgh . did n't pay to go in so do n't have anything to compare it to or state if work h entering . however , at least it is worth a pop in to the main lobby .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've made 5 or 6 trips to the heinz history center , and it never disappoints ; something new each time . the exhibits are really well curated , and it has a nice flow . this is a great place to spend a hot summer afternoon ! the current special exhibit features wwii , and pennsylvania 's role in the fight back home . i 'm not even from pa and i enjoy visiting the center . for reference , i 'm 33 , but i feel there is something for everyone here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we enjoyed a few hours learning about pittsburgh by visiting the heinz history center . we loved that all shows were captioned , elevator accessible , along with large well lit restrooms . lots to see and there is a shop and cafe on the first floor .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am writing about the history center as a venue for special events . i have been to many performances , parties and special events here and the staff is really excellent and helpful . they have lots of options in terms of space , and they bend over backwards to accommodate your needs . the kinds of events hosted run the gamut from birthday parties , to weddings to concerts , and all of them are fun with the utmost professionalism .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly , clean , fast and professional . the best around . they did what i needed in about half the time they promised ... and the results were perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so much better now that its under new management . the old owner made it more feel like you were going to her home . now its nice and clean and fresh and they are very friendly . i was just about to try another place . glad i put it off", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the best cleaners in town . i drive out of my way to get to them , passing several cleaners on the way . it is high quality service and i 've never had a problem . i 've been coming here for 2 years now . you ca n't go wrong .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "literally hate this subway . worst one i been too ! the food is low quality , they served mine cold when i told them to toast it ! the chicken was bad , i could n't even finish my foot long when at other subways i need more than that to fill me up ! service is awful and impolite employees . i hope i never have to go back to this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst location . the last time i went in and asked for soup . they scrapped out the last of it for me and charged me an extra dollar . plus they do n't clean the soda despensers . nasty location . do n't eat here", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible customer service . they did n't greet me or were friendly at all . a worker named karla made my sandwich with the worst attitude ever . the food itself was a joke . the bread and veggies were dry . never coming back here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "purchased a 4 diamond love bracelet here wednesday night . we came in drunk : ) and were helped right away . i also got the cartier rose fragrance , it 's heavenly . we were offered beverages and everyone was really nice ! fun shopping : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in an industry often beleaguered by pretense and cries of 'snooty ' service , it would be easy for the folks at cartier to carry a 'better than you ' attitude , particularly in las vegas where the rich and famous often swoop in to party and live life lavish , but perhaps as a testament to the classic nature of the brand i 've never once received anything less than superlative service from the folks in any of their stores - the shop at crystals my most recent experience where a young sales associate named lorenzo aduca spent no less than thirty minutes discussing watches , mechanisms , and models both modern and defunct with me even after i told him i was not yet ready to buy , but merely weighing the brand versus others . always beautiful , always classic , and now featuring in-house movements on nearly all of their automatics i 'm still not 100 % sold on where or when i 'll add to my watch collection , but there is no doubt cartier will figure into the conversation in large part due to their strong commitment to their clientel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally got my cartier tank watch ! i 've been wanting one for a long time ! beverly , who helped me was very helpful , and super sweet . great store , great watch , great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in quickly to have my ring cleaned ( the steam cleaning process only takes a couple minutes ) while i was in the area for lunch . there was n't anyone else in the store at the time , so i was assisted promptly . my interaction with the gentleman was literally just hi , i would like to have my ring cleaned , thank you , bye . i may have been there for a total of five minutes . i have n't shopped at this location , so i do n't experience with that type of interaction , but i 'd assume it would be as professional as any location . this location is in forum shops and not too far from the casino entrance . it 's near louis vuitton and the trevi fountain .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've bought my wedding here a year ago . when i 've returned to get my ring re-resize , i was immediately turned away and was told to go to the store where i live .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my friend april f. and i have a tradition of having drinks then roaming in jewelry stores . on this fine wednesday afternoon , april specifically requested we go into cartier . oh my ... .oh my . everything is absolutely stunning . it probably was a bad idea to bring our friend yvonne into this since she is soon to be engaged . lorenzo helped april to find what she wanted . he was delightful and humorous . although , i personally did not purchase anything on this particular day , i will most certainly be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love this location . i bought a love bracelet white gold with four diamonds here and the service was impeccable . our sales associate was great and had a very nice conversation with us while we were paying for the bracelet . definitely check out this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favourite place to grab lunch to go , and now they have this new location in fcp ! as per usual i did my order online and totally customized my box to my liking . this way you skip the 30 minute lineup and do n't waste your lunch hour . i always get the tempah because it is the most amazing tempah i have ever had . i love getting their seasonal boxes so i can try the new fusion of flavours ! it is super convenient , whole foods , dressing on the side so you can determine how much you want on it . the portions are generous and they have delicious desserts as well - crack cup is a must try . at one time i was quite mad at them for discontinuing my fav box but they 've won me back and then some . i have even walked 20 minutes ( one way ) just because i had a craving for iq food so that should really tell you something .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i worked downtown regularly then i would eat at this place once a week . it 's in the fcp food court . today i had the $ 13 beet salad . this is one of the best meal salads i have ever had : delicious , highly nutritious and filling . it was worth every penny . i also purchased an interesting sounding sweet potato brownie for later . ingredients did not appear to include obvious flours .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so healthy . got the lima chicken . it was very flavourful and spicy - exactly what i wanted . there was corn , candy tomatoes , cheese , sriracha , jalape\u00f1os , avocado , and a few other garnishes all on a bed of rice and some cheese to give it that extra flavour . it was so good . also had a molasses cookie , which was so great . service was great and atmosphere was awesome . will definitely be coming back to try more of the menu ! food -5 venue -5 service -4 vibe-5", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i give this place 2 stars because the instructors were generally friendly and helpful . that being said , this place is incredibly overpriced . i was offered a package for $ 900 consisting of 5 dance lessons . after my `` complimentary '' first lesson , i put a slight deposit down just to hold my next class , but still think about the package offer . after taking that next dance lesson , i decided this place was completely out of budget . i then received a `` late payment '' notice in the mail ( even though i never received one initially ) which resulted in me being forced to pay $ 134 for one 45 minute dance lesson . hope i 'm actually off the hook now considering i spoke with the owner after my second class and told her i would not be entering the recommended package .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "see hugolatorre.com . arthur murray teaches all forms of ballroom dance . i go there to attend the tango classes and milongas held there twice a month on the third and fifth saturday nights . hugo latorre teaches argentine tango classes . he watches each student and gives each student individual attention and private instruction to help them with their particular level of dance . it does n't matter if you are a brand new beginner or a seasoned tango dancer , there is good content for everyone . we have a lot of fun and a sense of community with each other . if you 're looking to combine meeting new friends , learning something new and getting some exercise , tango is a wonderful way to achieve that . come on out and let 's dance !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my dad and i went to arthur murray to get a one-of-a-kind choreographed father-daughter dance for my wedding . they delivered an amazing dance and taught it to us quickly with perfection . my main instructor was sidney . he was a pleasure to work with and a joy to get to know . sidney is extremely professional , outgoing , helpful , positive and flexible in the way he teaches dance , while also staying within the curriculum style of am . my father and i enjoyed our dance lessons so much that we both continued learning the myriad of dances am offers - after our father daughter dance was mastered . my dad is now competing and has found a new hobby . we have 1 million great things to say about sidney . i highly recommend recruiting him as your dance instructor . you will be elated with this decision .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a wonderful little place if you 're serious about getting into competitive dance or if you 're like me , and just want to be comfortable on the dance floor . everyone , from the teachers to your fellow students , are incredibly supportive . this is important because confidence helps you show up the next time and more practice helps you get better quicker . the studio is very comfortable and family friendly . they have weekly `` parties '' where you can practice what you learned -- at the parties , people of all levels are dancing ... and dancing with others of various levels . they offer group classes and private lessons . definitely , give it a try . it may be the best thing you ever do for yourself !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolute blast and our instructor could not have been more amazing ! truly made it fun !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kim is an excellent instructor , and willing to go at whatever pace pleases you the most ; be it fast or slow , she 's on point . she is also very talented in coming up with custom choreography for whatever music you bring in . i highly recommend her for any dance , but especially wedding dances .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "learning to dance with the arthur murray crew is one of the most liberating and self-fulfilling experiences i have had . not only am i learning that i actually have rhythm , i am experiencing a new feeling of accomplishment . and the best part , it 's so much fun ! vanna , my teacher , always makes my lessons so exciting and she has wonderful patience with me . i definitely recommend her or any of the other teachers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vanna kong is one of the best instructors at arthur murray , she is patient , kind , takes the time to get to know you as a person.. gears your training program around your abilities . she has been my instructors for over a year , and i have learned so much , from swing , to watlz to tango . the entire staff of athur murray is top notch , from daisy and laura , to vanna , manoela , ray , sidney , adam and justin . so if your interested in learning to dance , whether it be to become a professional , share a special dance at a wedding event , or just to teach an old dog new tricks , arthur murray is the place i highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! they are all very welcoming and make you feel apart of the group from day one . i had zero dancing knowledge and my wedding is coming . i had to find a place to learn and they have been extremely helpful in working with me since i have such a strict time limit and schedule . i have mostly worked with vanna and adam and they have both taught me some really great things and helped me get confidence along the way . hopefully after my wedding i can afford to keep coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent school for all types of dance ! the teachers work together for the greatest experience for any and all students ! call them to ask about the group class schedule to see for your self ! vanna and adam is who i worked with the most and their patience and knowledge of all types of dance will floor you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have experience at several dance studios in the area . the cost of private lessons here is exorbitant in comparison with other studios . in addition , i found group classes to be directed at the specific dance taught . in other studios there is more concern about teaching social use of dance .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love coming to group classes ! ! vanna , sydney and adam are the ones i 've interacted the most . vanna is funny and very patient ! love dancing with sidney , always makes me do moves i have n't learned . adam is my teacher and i 've never had a dull moment ; challenges me outside of my comfort zone : ) . manoela , doesnt let you give up ! ! a great crew and loooove the `` cheers , where everyone knows your name '' feeling i get from this place . keeps me coming back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've always loved dancing and once upon a time thought i would do so as a career , but well ... life gets in the way , right ? anyway , i ca n't believe i waited so long to do this . it was fun and relaxing and for just a little while- they 're no conference calls , no emails to answer , and no pressure - just you and the incredible staff , the wonderful music , and the freedom that comes with the dance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife went for a hair cut . she told the manager , glenisha , she wanted 2 to 3 inches off her length . the woman cut 6 to 8 . my wife was so upset and shocked . in the 22 years i have known her , her hair has never been so short . we went back for the refund and the lady argued with us . we even tried to show her a picture recently taken to let her see the difference . she did not want to give a full refund . my wide will never go there again . this place is horrible with a bad attitude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok so i do n't post reviews very often but i have to tell u about this amazing stylist . her name is cherish and she is the absolute best . she was kind curious and effecient . i told her i have been having a real hard time finding a woman to cut my hair right . i have a shaved side and wavy hair and when it come to the shave it is always done half ass due to my stylist not really wanting to do it . this girl is amazing she took her time but was quick my shave side is the best it has ever been lined up and perfect then she gave me the most beautiful side bangs i have seriously ever had . they are perfect length and she blended them . i did n't even know that was a thing ! i love my cut and the way i feel about my hair . amazing job cherish . u have a long time customer here for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i liked my first stylist but then he became paranoid that gang members were stalking him . my second stylist told me to join the freemasons . ca n't this place hire some normal people ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "has just reached `` never again '' status . the place is dangerously filthy and the service is worse . we waited 30 minutes just to pay our bill .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a pretty good burger place . they have a lot of options for toppings which is nice . their french dip sandwich is also very good . but i mostly enjoy the steak fries . these are my favorite type and rr gives you free refills on fries . a little rr seasoning on them and they are even better . our main issue is that the service can be hit or miss . sometimes the service is great and we get our food fast and fresh . other times we wait forever for our food and rarely see our server . strangely it does n't seem to matter if they are busy or not . i 'll keep coming back and roll the dice on service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the service at this location is absolutely terrible . when you finally get your food it 's good , but it will take forever to get it . do n't go there hungry because you wo n't be able to take the wait . i have been their on busy days and slower days and both were terrible .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i arrived at 12:28 pm and was asked to wait in the lobby bc the woman was with a client . at 1:08 i was still waiting . the woman has not came out to see if i was still waiting or anything . i called to ask her how much longer she would be and was told 15 more minutes bc she was handling a `` situation '' . terrible customer service . the only reason i even stayed hat long was bc i drove an hour just to get the hair and did n't want to waist time or gas , but ended up doing that anyway . i called and spoke to someone in another location who was very helpful but unfortunately could n't help me bc of the location i was at . i should have just went to queen virgin remy in the first place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "being wanting to try this hair for a long time . it feels so soft . this was a good move .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was n't what i expected per se ... so i 've actually ordered from her imports before from the website so i visited this location for the first time on valentine 's day . they are located at the 10th floor and it 's a little awkward because there is a receptionist who must get the worker to meet you in the lobby . the `` store '' is n't an actual storefront . it 's an office essentially . due to their process , i would suggest calling ahead if there are specific questions . the lady was very nice though . i purchased their `` hook-up '' deal which is their discount bundles that are not as high quality as their virgin hair . i got 3 14 '' inch bundles ( wavy by default on this plan ) for $ 55 each . the hair appeared to be good quality . it is supposed to last 2-3 installs if weft sealer is used . you can pay credit , debit , and cash . they also offer financing but i do n't really know the terms .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "her imports hair is amazing ! the staff is so friendly and helpful . i 've had my same bundles for a little over a year and they still look brand new ! there 's little to no shedding and the curl pattern has n't change ! every time someone ask me where i purchase my hair i take pride in telling them her imports ! the price is reasonable as well . it does n't get any better than her imports .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure what possessed me but i stopped here and tried my luck with a hot italian ... rowr . ok it was actually a grilled italian but did n't that sound much more interesting ? so the grilled italian sandwich is a bunch of meat ( genoa salami , capacolla , prosciutini ) grilled and then folded onto a hoagie roll ( grinder for those of you from new england ) with melted cheese , lettuce and other stuff . i added grilled peppers and onions . this is a heavy and filling sandwich . seriously . and i ordered the small 7 '' . i was still full 4 hours later . it was a good sandwich and i would try capriotti 's again based on it although next time i will get something lighter like a grilled chicken or something . i discovered when i went to write this review that capriotti 's is a chain with 25 or so locations . the service and quality i received at this location did not have a chain feel and i wo n't hold the fact that they are a chain against them ... yet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am a resident of boulder city and have never been here . for lunch last week i ordered a veggie cheese steak which took 35 min to make . i took it with me as i was running late for work , placed $ 2 in the tip jar , and when i opened it , everything except the bread was burned , tough , and inedible . not what i expect for a $ 10 sandwich plus a $ 2 tip . i probably wo n't be back unless they make good on my poor first experience . so far i 've had zero luck talking with someone via telephone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "5 customers , 7 capriotti employees behind the counter and 25 minutes of waiting to get 2 cole turkey sandwiches . this place should be a case study in how not to run a sandwich shop . we witnessed one couple wait almost 30 minutes to get a hot sandwich while one employee was unpacking rubber gloves and the manager was counting soda bottles . this place is unbelievable . our coles were not up to usual capriotti excellent standards either .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely terrible service ... the food normally comes out alright but i have never experienced a worst customer service experience . and it was from the owner non the less . i went in for my sandwich three times and they were not finished each time . they took about 30 to 40 min to make 1 9in . sub . and then the owner walked over to my job next door and right in front of me dropped the sandwich on the counter . did n't even say your welcome . save yourself the money ! a five dollar footling from subway is more worth it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "shared a medium slaw be jo sandwich with my dad quick and delicious . i like the sauce checkin for a free cookie brownie !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love these sandwiches but why oh why do you take 10x longer than any other cap ? ? ? ? ? i go when there 's hardly a line and whoooaaa the wait .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "5 customers , 5 people working , 30 minute wait for a very expensive sandwich for what you get . very unremarkable . i would never return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered lunch yesterday and waited all through my lunch break for a sandwich . they did n't get my sandwich done so i went back to work and finished out the day with no lunch . talked to my coworkers and they said they 've had similar experiences at this location . several other negative reviews along these same lines , you would think they 'd work it out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "uh . they took twenty five minutes to make my sandwich without an explanation . we were the only ones in the place . nancy grace was blaring . the walls and floors are yellow . somebody was coughing in the back . i love snobby stoner jocks with after school jobs , but not when they act like snobby stoner jocks with after school jobs while i '' m waiting . forever . with nancy grace yelling . pass . ( actually though , the veggie cheeseburger was amazing and , with one other sandwich , fifteen dollars . i was looking to see if they put unicorn hooves or diamonds into it . none sighted . )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we stopped here because we were looking for a sandwich , and we saw the great reviews here . being on vacation , sometimes you just need something simple and satisfying - like a sandwich . the reviews were on point - we had the cole turkey and it was a great sandwich . not only was the turkey fresh and tasty , but the cole slaw was the best i have ever had . the sandwich was so good , we actually stopped there again on our way back from arizona . we wanted to try the similar version with roast beef , but they were out of it , so we had the same cole turkey again . it was as delicious as the first time . while the sandwiches made us come back again , the wonderful , friendly and welcoming folks who work there will be the reason we would visit again and again when and if we are in the area . if you are in the neighborhood , it would be worth your while to stop here for a meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered a slaw be jo and requested light mayo and add sweet peppers , the employee who was making my sandwich , did n't acknowledge my request and proceeded with asking my name . when i got home i opened my sandwich , there was no mayo and no sweet peppers , and my sandwich was also over sauced with russian dressing . needless to say it was poor service with a smile .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came in knowing there was good food , because we have one near our house in la . we were coming back from a lake trip and decided to stop by . today we went in and the older blonde lady behind the counter we always see when we come from our lake trip was n't very kind to us . we had to speak louder and repeat our order . when we went to check out , she tossed the sandwiches in the bag nit caring if the sandwiches got messed up . we left disappointed with the service and debating if we are going to return . great sandwiches though", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love capriotti 's ! the capastrami has got to be the best sandwich ever . i love how they grill the pastrami instead of boiling it like the other sandwich place . the bread is soft and flavorful and the fact that coleslaw comes on a couple different sandwiches is a cake topper . at this particular location , i placed a last minute super bowl order and they were able to accommodate with no issues . thank you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love capppritotis.. just not this location . it has been over 20 min for 4 subs ? ? crazy . we still do n't have them ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am surprised about the low star reviews for this place but i can also understand this . the sandwiches a wonderful , i always get the capastrami and the bobby . the service is somewhat perfunctory which is why i can see this place having low stars . the place is also somewhat dirty but i think this is just the age of the building . bottom line good sandwiches for dining out but not eating in .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is great , but the shop layout makes it confusing and hard to order . much slower than one would expect for a lunch stop . the space utilization contributes to a frustrating work atmosphere and dining experience . the staff is friendly and hard working .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place ! the food is always fresh and so delicious . i 've never had more than a 5 minute wait . the staff is always warm and welcoming . i highly recommend stopping in . keep up the good work ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grilled italian with lettuce tomato mayo salt pepper oregano with pickles on the side ... no onions or peppers . in and out with an awesome sandwich while on the road !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every sandwich i order is wrong . every single time . then the employees deb and the man who worked the 5:30 shift on 5 11 17 hang up on you when you call to correct the order . yes i am upset , and no it 's not a .99 burger- it 's an investment at their prices . they could at least get it right once in a while . they said that online orders are problematic because they are told they have to lather it up in mayo , though i have not asked for it . those were my last two sandwiches all mayoed up . all i wanted this time was peppers , and now told those are n't normal ! ? so i now call to order in and still wrong . the only thing they have going for them is riding the reputation of other capriottis . this franchise sucks !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place . nice portions , great flavors . leaves subway and firehouse in the dust .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst capriotti 's sandwich shop . i order two sandwiches and waited over 15 minutes for them . i ended up walking out . would never come back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i traveled from az to ny and on my way there i wanted to stopped by but they were closed . so when i got back from ny tonight the first thing i wanted was a bobbie . i walked in and was told they were closed , i must have made a face bc the girl working asked me what was wrong . i explained to her how i had traveled 2000 miles for a bobbie . melissa stayed open a little bit longer to make me one and she was so sweet . excellent customer service experience and the sandwich was made perfectly , most people would throw it together , you could tell her and her coworker actually cared that i had a good experience . i wish more people were like that . just another reason why i love capriottis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent sandwich , had the bobby , turkey , stuffing and cranberries . bread was fantastic , soft and the right amount of chew . the fixings we perfect and fresh . i will make the bobby one of my favorite sandwiches and stop by for one when ever in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "20 '' bobbie almost brought a tear to my eye . it was like the day after thanksgiving ... leftovers on bread , just wonderful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was awesome very helpful staff told them they should put in a cappriotties in portland oregon . we also got a free cookie ! ! kicks butt over subway ! fresh meat made daily ! yummy not all processed like subway", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the bobbie is thanksgiving any day of the year ! the 20 '' will fill 2-3 people for under $ 15 people . winner winner turkey dinner", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly staff ! the place was super busy , but we still hot our food very quickly . we are east coasters so we judge places on their sandwiches , lol . this place was amazing ! i ordered a vegetarian steak sandwich , my husband got the `` normal '' cheese steak , and my kids got two different subs ( though we call them hoagie . haha ) . no complaints whatsoever . i 'm glad we stopped in before visiting the hoover dam .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "diasppointed ! they only have 20 oz soft drinks and bottled water to drink . they provided me with a small dixie cup for water that i would have to get out of the restroom .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great sandwich shop . like subway only better ! great combinations . fresh and delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'd love this place it was really good and the owner of the restaurant was very nice very accommodating i highly recommend this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they were smart and opened early for labor day weekend . 8am-3pm", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ordered the capristrammi sub and the turkey cranberry sandwich . those who started eating the turkey sandwich stopped and ate the capristrammi sub after they tasted the awesomeness of that sub .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped here on our way to the hoover dam . had a great sub , everything was fresh and the sizes were generous . this is saying a lot since we are from ny and know our subs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they were wearing their red friday shirts . remember everyone deployed , and they do . good sandwiches and the small is plenty . the bobbie !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't eat many fattening sandwiches but when i do i choose capriotti 's . there 's are excellent . not quite jimmy johns but almost . will continue to go there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in after a trip to the hoover dam ... had a delicious bobby and mushroom soup . the service was very friendly ! i would recommend this place to my parents ... my buddy got the three meat combo and is quoted as saying , `` best sandwich i 've ever had in my life ! ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hardly can get an order correct . either add stuff or forget to add . see staff eating while they 're prepping orders . yes , they have gloves on , but the hand that feeds goes back to the food they 're handling .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "always on point ! i love the bobbie of course but sometimes i just like a cold turkey . i love all their peppers especially that peppers relish ! delish ! the fact that they have made fresh everyday actual turkey is amazing ! i mean you could have thanksgiving any day ! we usually pick up sandwiches on our way to the lake or the river and they will even lake proof wrap your sandwich if requested ! staff is pretty quick and polite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a top pick for sandwiches . my favorites are the cole turkey , the bobbie , and cheese steak . i like this location a little more because the shop is cleaner than other locations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a fan and wo n't be back . service was slow with only two customers , including us . they use pulled turkey for the turkey sub . a step up from sliced deli meat but it was as dry as the desert around us . and , unfortunately , it had bones in it that nearly choked my little one . then they have an entire salad menu , but none today . finally , the restroom was `` broke '' . thankfully the a c worked and the drinks were cold .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "forget jared and subway . this is the place for a sandwich ! ! ! try it , you will like it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the de store , the original , was theee best . you can forget this one . nothing extra or special about it . just a sandwich with italian dressing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so , i was hoping that my first visit was n't a fluke . i came back to try another sandwich at capriotti 's and found it to be just as awesome as it was the first time i came here . i will always make it a point to stop here when i 'm in this area because their sandwiches are awesome and the people are really cool and nice", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is great the food is always hot and delicious , i have never had a bad sandwich here . strongly recommend this to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love capriotti 's . i just am not a huge fan of this one . the stor is set up all wrong . it does not flow well and then some jack ass decided to put a bistro table in front of the cash register , under the television monitor , so if you are trying to eat , at that table , you get the added benefit of people running back and forth to the bathroom you get to look into and have people cough on your food while they are waiting in line for their order or to pay . the jack ass that thought this was a good idea should have that table shoved squarely up their arse . not a pleasant experience to eat inside , so take your deli goodness and leave this place !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of us had the black and bleu salad , and it was fresh and delicious . the other had a slaw be jo sandwich , and said it was the best sandwich ever . the staff was very friendly and the restaurant was clean and cool .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is solely for this specific location . walked in hungry for a delicious sandwich . lady behind the counter greeted me , and then proceeded to cough all over into the open air . seemed to be a smoker 's cough cause it continued for the entire 3 minutes i was there ( just long enough to realize that a capriotti 's sandwich did n't sound as good as i thought ) .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they deliver which is always good . the sub i got was huge so had half for lunch and half for dinner . the turkey sub was a-ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "everyone in the salon is amazing ! very nice and very good at what they do ! i always go in either for a full set or fill , and of course a pedicure ! i never once leave disappointed . mimi does an amazing job every single time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to vina nails for for five month it is one of the best places that i have ever been to the staff is polite carrying very helpful amazing they are wonderful people they work very hard always have a positive attitude does gorgeous gorgeous gorgeous nail work and i will never go any other place this place is awesome it 's remarkable i love everybody thank you for all your hard work you are the best", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice people , i went in last night for mother 's day , my hubby and 5m old came in with me . they were soo sweet with us they even offered us water ... i 'm from cali and i have never been offered water in my life at a nail salon . for great service they deserve 5 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did like it . but i 'm confused on why she charged me 24 for pedi when it 's 19 . her excuse was she charged me for regular polish removal . she charged my friend 19 for pedi . i mean it 's five $ but still how are u going to charge me for regular polish removal . i was really upset and they did even end up doing my friends nails after waiting so long .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after dealing with world cup crowds , we decided to stop in on le showwok for something quick and delicious and we were n't disappointed . the service was efficient and friendly and the food was fast and hot . the thai curry had the requisite amount of spice and flavor that i would be happy to return !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went in for takeout and have so far consumed half a plain montreal bagel . delicious . remaining bagels will be sliced and tossed into my freezer . i do n't know that i would eat in at this place . clientele looked to be in yucky moods and for all the people working there the eat-in area was not clean .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nothing special about the bagels . just ok . tables are always dirty . costumer service is bad . coffee is fine .", "score": "2"}
